THE

STATUTES

AT LARGE,

PASSED IN THE

PARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

IRELAND:

FROM

The Third Year of Edward the Second, A.D. 1310.

TO THE

Thirty-first Year of George the Third, A.D. 1791, inclusive.

PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY.

DUBLIN:

Printed by George Grierson, Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty. Mdccxcii.

THE

STATUTES

AT LARGE,

PASSED IN THE

PARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

IRELAND.

VOL. XV.

CONTAINING

All the Statutes that have passed from the Thirtieth Year of George the Third, to the Thirty-first Year, inclusive.

PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY.

DUBLIN:

Printed by George Grierson, Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, M dcc xcii.

THE

CONTENTS

OF THE

FIFTEENTH VOLUME.

The Thirtieth Year of GEORGE III.

CHAP. I.

AN Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty on Wines, Hides, Beer, Ale, and other Goods and Merchandizes therein mentioned; and for prohibiting the Importation of all Gold and Silver Lace, except of the Manufacture of Great Britain; and of all Cambricks, Lawns, and Glass, except the Manufacture of Great Britain, and France, and the French Dominions in Europe; and of all Hops, except of the Growth of Great Britain, and the British Plantations.

CHAP. II.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, the several Aids, Duties, Rates, Impositions and Taxes therein particularly expressed, to be applied te the Payment of the Interest of the principal Sums therein provided for, and towards the Discharge of such principal Sums, in such Manner as therein is directed; and for such other Purposes as are therein mentioned. Page 14

CHAP. III.

An Act for the Advancement of Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties therein mentioned. 24

CHAP. IV.

An Act for regulating the Sugar Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned. 58

CHAP. V.

An Act for regulating the Coffee Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties therein mentioned upon Coffee. 65

CHAP. VI.

An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties upon Malt. 71

CHAP. VII.

An Act for granting certain Aids, Duties, and Impositions, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Time therein mentioned, and for continuing the Effect of a Treaty of Commerce and Navigation concluded between His Majesty and the Most Christian King. Page 84

CHAP. VIII.

An Act to promote the Linen and Hempen Manufacture, by encreasing the Supply of Irish Flax-feed, and encouraging the Export of Linens and Sail-Cloth, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned. 94

CHAP. IX.

---

An Act to enable Grand Juries to present for Coroners as therein mentioned, inllead of the Sums which they are now by Law empowered to present. 101

CHAP. X.

An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties upon Carriages. ibid.

CHAP. XI.

An Act for granting certain Duties upon Licenses, to be taken out by the several Persons therein mentioned. 105

CONTENTS

CHAP. XII.

An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned. Page 108

CHAP. XIII.

An Act for further continuing an Act, entitled, An Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of America. 129

CHAP. XIV.

An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, and other Persons. 130

CHAP. XV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom.

*35

CHAP. XVI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties. 14a

CHAP.

of the Fifteenth Volume.

V

CHAP. XVII.

An Act to continue the Effect of an Act, Entitle d, Alt Act for the further Amendment of the Law relative to the Registering of Freeholders. Page 171

CHAP. XVIII.

An Act for puniflting Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom. 172

CHAP. XIX.

An Act for further amending an Act, Entitled, An Act for continuing and amending an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year or His present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the Improvement of the City of Dublin, by making wide and convenient Passages through the fame, and for regulating the Coal Trade thereof, and for other Purposes. 193

CHAP. XX.

An Act for the better enabling the Royal Canal Company to carry on and compleat the Royal Canal from the City of Dublin to Tarmonbury on the River Shannon. 205

CHAP. XXI.

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Law. 2x7

b

CHAP.

Vl

CO. NTENTS

CHAP. XXII.

An Act for continuing and amending several Latfs relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and for the mcffe effectually preventing of Frauds therein, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Page 218

CHAP. XXIII.

An Act to repeal certain Clauses in an Act passed in the , Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to exclude Traders from the Benefit of an Act, Entitled, An Act to prevent Frauds committed by Bankrupts, who do not keep regular Books of Account, and for continuing the said Law, and other Purposes. 221

CHAP. XXIV.

An Act to continue an Act, Entitled, An Act to amend an Act, Entitled, An Act for the further Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries on the Coasts of this Kingdom. 222

CHAP. XXV.

An Act to amend an Act, Entitled, An Act for promoting the Improvement of Ports and Harbours in this Kingdom. 233

CHAP. XXVI.

An Act for granting the Sum of Four Thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the Linen Manufacture, and for other Purposes. d-i’j

CHAP.

of the Fifteenth Volume.

vii

chap: xxvii.

An Act for granting the several Sums therein mentioned, for certain Pious and Charitable Purposes. Page 229

CHAP. XXVIII.

An Act - for granting the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society, for the Purposes therein mentioned. 231

CHAP. XXIX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed. in the Four-' teenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, Entitled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service; and also an Act passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to allow Persons professing the Popish Religion to teach School in this Kingdom-, and for regulating the Education of Papists, and also to repeal . Part of certain Laws relative to the Guardianship of their ' ' Ghildren, - 333

;: CHAP. XXX.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His Majesty's Reign, Erititledy An Act for regulating the Corn Trade, promoting Agriculture, and providing a regular and steady Supply of Cora in the Kingdom. . 235

b 2

CHAP.

contents

viii

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Louglifoyle, at the City of Londonderry, and the Suburbs thereof, and for certain Regulations relative to said City. Page 244

CHAP. XXXII.

An Act for rendering the Transportation of Felons and Vagabonds more easy. 276

CHAP. XXXIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, the Duty therein mentioned, to be paid to the Trustees of the Royal Exchange.

277

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Act to continue an Act, Entitled, An Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of this Kingdom, to appoint Commissioners for enquiring into the several Funds and Revenues granted by public or, private Donations for the Purposes of Education in this Kingdom, and into the State and Condition of all Schools in this Kingdom on public or charitable Foundations, and of the Funds appropriated for the Maintenance and Support thereof, and for the other Purposes herein mentioned. 1 278

CHAP. XXXV.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act

IX

of the Fifteenth Volume.

V

Act for the better Execution of the Law, and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large. Page a 78

C LI A P. XXXVI.

An Act for enabling Trustees of Charitable Foundations to promote the Purposes and extend the Benefit of the lame. 279

CHAP. XXXVII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for the Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation. 282

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to repeal an Aclpafled in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, Entitled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Clonmell in the County of Tipperary, through the Towns of Feathard and Killinall in the said County, to the Town of Hurlingford in the County, of Kilkenny. 284

CIIAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the Improvement of the Tort and Harbour of Dr gheda, and the better Regulation of the Police of Did Tonm. 283

Vol. XV.

c

CHAP.

CON

T F

s

CHAP. XL.

An Act to explain and amend an A.cl passed in the Twenty-.ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Eitiithd, An Act for the Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation, fu far only as respects the Navigation of the Boyne. Page 2 94

CHAP. XLT.

An Act for enabling the Lord High Chancellor, and the Court of Exchequer respectively, to make Orders on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland for Payment, out of the general Fund of Monies belonging to the Suitors of the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, the Sum therein mentioned, towards building the principal Courts

of Justice at Dublin, and Law Offices, and for amending

an Act, Entitled, An Act for -better securing the Monies

and Effects of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery and ' Court of Exchequer, by depositing the fame in the Na-lional'Bank, and to prevent the forging and counterfeiting any Draft, Order, or other Voucher, for the Payment or Delivery of such Money or Effects, and for other Pur-jrofes. 299

CHAP. XLII,

An Act for extending the Powers of the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin, and to enable the said Corporation to build a Bridge across the River Anna Lifley, at Island Bridge. 303

CHAP.

of the F IFT E E NTH V0 LU M E.

XI

CHAP. XLIII.

An Act for the more effectual Application of the Sum of One Thousand Pounds, granted by King’s Letter, for the Support and Repair of the Cathedral Church of Down, and for defraying the Expences of the Celebration of Divine Worship therein. Page 314

CHAP. XLIV.

An Act for the Amendment of the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Kilkenny to the Town of Clonmel!, and thence to the Bounds of the County of Cork, and to provide for the better Repair of the said Road. 317

CHAP. XLV.

An Act for reviving and continuing several Temporary*

Statutes. 339

C H. A P. XLVI.

An Act for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from Kinnegad to Athlone. 342

CHAP. XLVII.

An Act for continuing and amending the several Acts for making, widening, and repairing lb much of the Road leading from the City of Limerick to the City of Cork, as lies within the County or County of the City of Cork, ' that is to say, from the Bounds of the Counties of Lime-

c 2 rick

CONTENTS

xii'

rick and Cork, between the Towns of Kilmallock and Charleville to the City of Cork, and to continue an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for repairing tire Road leading from the Town of Newcastle, in the County of Limerick, to the City of Limerick, and from thence to the City of Cork. Page 365

CHAP. I.

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of Id is present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for the Relief of Pencils who have oniitted to Qualify themselves according to Law. 28

The Thirty-first Year of GEORGE III.

CHAP. I.

An Act for granting for one Year the several Duties therein mentioned, in Lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified during the said Term, and for continuing the Effect of a Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between His Majesty and the Moll: Christian King, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and His Majesty's Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. ;g-

CHAP-.

of the Fifteenth Volume.

xm

CHAP. II.

An Act for securing the Payment of the Annuities and of the Interest upon the Principal Sums therein provided for, and towards the Discharge of such Principal Sums in such Manner as therein is directed, and for enabling, the Officers of His Majesty's Treasury to receive certain Sums for a limited Time in Manner therein mentioned, and for other Purposes, Page 462

CHAP. III.

An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-ceflfors, a Tax oh all Salaries, Profis of Employments, Fees and Pensions, and certain Duties upon Carriages, and for licencing Hawkers, Pedlars, and other Persons therein mentioned. 471

CHAP. IV.

An Act for further continuing an Act, Entiled, An Act for facilitating the Trade and lutercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of America. 482

CHAP. V.

An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco, Sugar, 'and Cofit-e Trade. - ' 48

d

CHAP.

XIV

CONTENTS.

CHAP. VI.

An Act for granting the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds to fehe Dublin Society, for the Purposes therein mentioned. Page 513

CHAP. VII.

An Act for granting the several Sums therein mentioned, for certain Pious and Charitable Purposes. 515

CHAP. VIII.

An Act for granting the Sum of Four Thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the Linen Manufacture, and for other Purposes. 516

CHAP. IX.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom. 51S

CHAP. X.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this King-

CHAP.

of thd Fifteenth Volume.

XV

CHAP. XI.

An Act to - enable the Grand, Juries. of the County of Dublin, and the County of the City of Dublin, to make better Provision for the Clerks of the Crown and Peace by Presentment at each Quarter Sessions for said County and City. Page 530

CHAP. XII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His. Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Cpmroissioners for managing the Stamp Duties. 531

CHAP. XIII.

An Act for regulating the issuing of Licenses for the Sale of Spiritous Liquors by Retail, and for remedying the Abuses which have arisen from the immoderate Use of such Liquors. 5 Co

CHAP. XIV.

An Act for amending the Laws respecting the Linen and Hempen Manufactures. 370

CHAP. XV.

An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty on imported Malt. 571

d 2

CHAP.

xvi

CONTENTS

CHAP. XVI.

An Act for continuing and amending several Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing of Frauds therein. Page 572

CHAP. XVII.

An Act to prevent the horrid Crime of Murder, and to repeal an Act passed in the Tenth Year of King Henry the Seventh, Entitled* An Act to make Murder of Malice prepenfed Treason, and for repealing an Act made in the Ninth Year of Queen Anne, Entitled, An Act for bringing an Appeal in Case of Murder, notwithstanding the Statute of King Henry the Seventh, whereby Murder is made High Treason. 633

CHAP. XVIII.

An Act to render Prosecutions for Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, more easy and effectual, and for affirming the Jurisdiction of the Quarter Sessions in cases of Perjury. 637

CHAP. XIX.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for rendering more effectual the several Laws for the better enabling the Clergy having Cure of Souls to reside upon their Benefices, and to build on their respective Glebe Lands, and to prevent Dilapidations, and for the Encouragement of l’rotcstant Schools within this Kingdom of

Ireland,

of the F IF T E E N1 H V G L U M E. Xvii'

Ireland, and also to amend an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, Emitted, An Act to amend an Act passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for erecting new Chapels of Ease in the Parish of Armagh, and making such Chapels, and those that arc already erected in said Pari hi, perpetual Cures, and for making a proper Provision for the Maintenance of perpetual Curates to officiate in the fame, and for other Purposes, Page 639

CHAP. XX.

An Act to regulate the Insurance of Lottery 'Pickets. 648

CHAP. XXI.

An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, with Respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons. '650

CHAP. XXII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for establishing a Bank by the Name of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland. 675

CHAP. XXIII.

An Act to amend an Act, Entitled, An Act to prevent the Practice of seducing Artificers. and Manufacturers of Vol. XV. ' e ’ this

xviii CONTENTS

this Kingdom, and of exporting the several Tolls and Utensils made Use of in preparing and working up the Manufactures thereof, into Parts beyond the Seas.

Page 681

CHAP. XXIV.

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Tenth Year of King George the First, Entitled, An Act for continuing and amending of the Laws in'Relation to Butter and Tallow, and the Calks in which such Goods are to be made up, and in Relation to the curing of Hides, and making up Beef and Pork for Exportation, and for the preventing the Destruction of Salmon. 683

CHAP. XXV.

An Act to discharge such Recognizances entered into for the

Appearance and Prosecution of Offenders, as were forfeited before the Eighteenth Day of January, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and for more effectually executing the Green Wax Process. 685

CHAP. XXVI.

An Act to promote a reciprocal Preference between this Kingdom and Great Britain, in the Com Trade. 687

CHAP. XXVII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to prevent Frauds in

the

of the Fifteenth Volume.

xix

the Tanning of Hides, Currying of Leather, and the making of Shoes and Boots. Page 68S

CHAP. XXVIII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom. 693

CHAP. XXIX.

An Act to amend the Laws receding Assistant Barrilters of the Sessions of the Peace. 714

CHAP. XXX.

An Act for explaining and' amending an Act, Entitle#, An Act for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius in the City of Dublin, and County of Dublin. 7 r5

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act for the preventing of Frauds in the Execution of Decrees obtained on Civil Bills. 716

CHAP.- XXXII.

An Act to prevent Vexatious Arrests and Proceedings in Addons of Slander, 718

CHAP.

N TENTS'

xx G 0

CHAP. XXXIII.

An Act to prevent the excessive high Price of Coals in the City ui Dublin’, and for other Purposes therein men-. tinned. Page 7x8

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Act for the more effectually preserving the Health of His Majesty's Subjects, for erecting an Apothecary’s Hail in the City of Dublin, and regulating the Pofefiion of ' an Apothecary throughout the Kingdom of Ireland. 724

CHAP. XXXV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, Entitled, An Act for establishing a complete School of Phyftc in this Kingdom. . 741

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Act to amend and consolidate the several Acts relating to the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament. 743

CHAP. XXXVII.

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted' to qualify themselves according to Law. 762

CHAP.

of the Fifteenth Volume, xxi CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to amend an Act, Entitled, An Act for preventing the Commission of Wade, on the several Commons of this Kingdom. Page 763

CHAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the better enabling certain Persons to open and work Mines, and to raise Coal, Culm, Minerals, and Foffils in this Kingdom. 763

CHAP. XL.

An Act for the Preservation of Shrubs and Trees. 776

CHAP. XLI.

1 ' An Act to continue an Act, to continue an Act, Entitled, An Act to continue an Act, Entitled, An Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant, or other. Chief Governor or Governors of this Kingdom, to appoint Commissioners for enquiring into the several Funds and Revenues granted by Public or Private Donations, for the Purposes 6f Education in this Kingdom, and into the State and Condition of all Schools in this Kingdom on Public or Charitable Foundations, and of the Funds appropriated for the Maintenance and Support thereof, and for the other Purposes herein mentioned. 778

CHAP.

xxii CONTE N T S

C H A ?. XLIL

An Act for directing the Further Application of the Sum of T\yo Hundred Thousand Pounds, granted by art Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Maje'fty, Ehti-- tied, An Act for the Promotion and Encouragement of inland Navigation. Page 779

C H A ?. XLIII.

An Act to prohibit Horse "Races in the Neig'hbdui-hood of the City of Dublin. 784

CHAP. XLIV.

An Act for reviving and continuing several Temporary Statutes. 7S5

CHAP. XLV.

An Act for enclosing and improving Merrion-Square, in the rCity of Dublin. 787

CHAP. XLVI.

An Act for settling and preserving a Public ’Observatoryand Museum in the City of Armagh, for ever. ,7.96

CHAP. XLVII.

An Act to enable the several Grand Juries within the Province of Munster, at their Assizes, to present competent

Sums

of the Fifteenth Volume.

XXIII

Sums of Money for the Repair of Trackways along navigable Rivers within their respective Counties, and also to enable the Grand Jury of the County of Kildare, to encrease the Salary of the County Treasurer. Page 8oj

CHAP. XLVIII.

An Act for the Division of certain Baronies of great Extent, in the Counties of Donegal and Meath. 804

CHAP. XLIX.

An Act to amend an Act, for improving -tSie Turnpike Road leading from Kinnegad to Athlone, 806

C U A f». L.

An Act for amending the several Laws for 'making, widening, and repairing the Road from Dublin to Malahide, and the other Roads leading to Dublin over llallybough- Bridge, in the said Acts mentioned, and for enabling the Trustees for the said Purposes, to borrow further Sums of Money for such Purposes, and for continuing the said Acts for a further Term, and for improving the Neighbourhood of Ballybough- Bridge. 807

CHAP. LI.

An Act to amend the several Acts for Repair of the Road from Dublin to Mullingar. 821

f 2 A COL-

A

COLLECTION

An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Succef- A.D. Jors, an additional Duty on Wines, Hides, Beer, Ale, and 179°-other Goods and Merchandizes therein mentioned; and for prohibiting the Importation of all Gold and Silver Lace, except of the Manufacture of Great Britain; and of all Cam-bricis, Lawns, and Glass, except the Manufacture of Great Britain, a?id France, and the French Dominions in Europe; and of all Hops, except of the Gromth of Great Britain, and the British Plantations.

£ your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of

_ . . 4(th iLTwit.

for the prosperity of all your subjects, and well knowing that the security of this realm, and the continuance of the many blcflings we enjoy under your Majesty's mild and auspicious reign, depend upon the support of your Majesty's government \ and whereas twelve thousand cfleflive men, commission and non-

O F

s

E S.

The Thirtieth Year of GEORGE III.

CHAP. 1.

Ireland, In Parliament assembled, having a just sense of your royal care

A

2

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A. P.

'790-Chap. i.

commission officers Inclu'cd, are necessary to be maintained wMiin this kingdom for its defence: be ir enabled by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by an »tth the advice and consent of the lores spirituul and temporal, and common: In this prrfent parliament uillmbled, and by the authority of the same, that thrte tliou-1'uhI two hundr i am thirty-two inen, commission md noe-commission uflic.rs included, be m.inclined one year, from the first day of April, one thousand seven hnnthed and ninety, to the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred atnl ni.sety-one inclusive, so as that the forces on the dlaHithment of this kingdom ir.'.y amount to fifteen thousand two hundred and thirty-two eifedive men, commission and non-comr. ilfion clficers included.

11. And in order to enable your Majesty to cairy into execution your Majoilv’s intc: tinr.s, and determined reibltuion, figuified to us by his excellency the lord viscount Townsend, late lord lieutenant of this kingdom, by your Majesty's command, to keep within this kingdom for the necessary defence of the fame, twelve thousand cflctUve men, commission and r.on-commission officers included, at all times, uulefsin cases of invahon or rebellion in Great Britain 5 and to defr/.y the other mccffiiry expences of vnur Majesty's government, be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until the twenty-fifth day of March, which shall be in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inchtfive, and no longer, there Hull be throughout your Majesty's kingdom of Ireland, granted, jailed, coUeded, levied, and paid to your Majesty, your heir; atnl fucc flors, the several rates, additional and ether duties and impositious herein afeer mentioned, that is to say, for and upon the several articles herein after mentioned, which Until be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the following duties icfjKciivcIy, to wit, fer and upon all beer, ale, and porter, except of the produce or manufacture of France, or of the French dominions in Europe, a duty of four shillings and one penny for every thirty-two gallons thereof, and 1b in proportion fi r any greater or less quantity j for and upon every-pound of green tea, n duty of six pence*, and for ami upon every pound of black bohea, or other tea, a duty of four pence; and if the same shall have been purchased at the Exit India company’s laics in London for an higher price than four shillings British per pound, then a further additional duty after the rate of one penny per pound weight for every six pence British that shall be paid for the same, over and above the sum of four shillings British at such Tales, the price thereof to be inserted in the cockets, and to be further ascertained by a reference to the sale books of the East India company} copies whereof, or of such parts thereof aA shall relate to the tea io imported, allotted by the principal accountant, or deputy accountant for the time being, of the Kaft India company, the comntiftioners of the revenue are required to procure from time to time for the purposes above mentioned i and which copies being verified by affidavit made before the lord mayor of London for the time being, and being attested by a notary publick at the city of London, shall without further proof either of the said affidavit, or of the find copies, be admitted as evidence in all suits commenced or nrifing upon this a-tl j for and upon the wines mentioned in tlue schedule (NTo. i.) the seven-l ducks therein respectively mentioned, as the fame Avail be imported, filled cr unfilled, by natives or (hangers respc-Aively, for every ton thereof, and fi, in pmomiion for any greater or less quantity j for and upon all e.iintzcs, callicoes, and ;. uflius, of the manufacture of China, Ferfi.i, and the East Indies, an additional duty of six pence per yard; for and upon all callicoes and muilins, except of the manufacture of France, or of the French dominions in Europe, a further additional duty of six pence per yard*, for and upon every yard of ail forts of iiiks and ItufT.; made ami manufactured in China, l’crfia, cr the Edit Indies, an additional duty of one (hi!-ling ami six pence; for and upon every pc.umi weight of all velvets or m uiufaciurts

The thirtieth Year of George III. 3

marie of or mixed with lilfc, except those of Great Britain, China, Persia, ami the D, Haft Indies, r.n additional duty of four pounds sterling j for and upon every pound j weight of chocolate and cocoa nuts, an additional duty of three pence; for and Chap, j, upon every yard of foreign stuffs called lonulls, and of all manufactures made of O

cotton, or of cotton ami linen mixed, as well mullins as others, whether plain, printed, ordained, except of the manufacture of Great Biit.un, cr France, crof the French dominions in Europe, an additional duty of 11m ptnee; for and upon «!1 d.mulk towelling, napkins, or clothes made of (lax or hemp, not being of the nanufacture of Great Britain, France, cr of the French dominions in Europe, an Additional duty of six pence by the yr rd, -if the fame be yard wide or under, and of One shilling per yard, if the fame be above one Y-»rd, and under two yards wide; and of two findings per yard, if the fame be two yards wide or more; fora-.nl upon every pound weight of hop®, an additk-n.il duty of one penny halfpenny, for and upon all vinegar of the manufacture of Great Britain, an additional duty of fifteen shillings per ton; and for and upon :d! other vinegar, an additional duty of five pounds six shillings per ton; fer and upon all china, earthen, jap.mned, or lacquered ware, ns valued or rated for cuilom by the book of rates, an additional duty of five pounds per centum; for and upon the several goods and merchandizes not being of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, herein after named, as the fame now (land rated for cuilom in the book of rates, or if unrated, as the same shall be valued upon the oath of the importer, a further additional duty of ten pounds per centumt over and above all other duties payable for the fame, videlneV, apparel, apples, bacon, hams, beads of glass, chocolate, cocoa mus, cork, capers, cloves, currants, chcfnuts, wallnuts, small nuts, bugles, hulled or pearled barley, artificial flowers, milliaary ware, fans, chip and ilraw hats, anchovies, sturgeon, pins, wrought ivory, olives, onions, prints and pictures, mace, nutmegs, wrought ir.de, drugs not being for dyer’s use, elephant’s teeth, furs, all lacquered, japanned, gilt, painted, bronzed, and enamelled ware, gloves of all forts, almonds, annifeeds, cinnamon, liquorice, pepper, piamento, prunes, raisins, rice, faflron, fuccards, succus liquoriti.ie, needles, thimbles, ontnai threads, lifters threads, whited brown, and all other threads, haberdashery, china, and earthen ware, hardware, toys, mermits, iron pots, icifljrs, fnufls, tiles, Ihot, laces of cotton, thread, worded, or silk, groceries of all kinds (except sugars) oranges and limons, lime juice, lemon juice, orange juice not being for dyer’s use, tape, foreign linens, and all manufactures of flax and hemp; except the following articles, being of the growth, produce, or mar.usaidure of France, or of the French dominions in Europe, viklicety apparel made of wool, cotton, or linen, glass and glass ware, gauzes, and millinary wares, earthen ware, porcelain, and pottery, hardware, cutlery, cabinet ware, and turnery, manufactures of iron, llccl, copper, and brass, and all linens made of flax and hemp; for and upon every ream of p'aper not being of the manufacture of Great Britain, except brown, blue, and prilling paper, an additional duty of one (lulling $ for and upon all herring-?, except British herrings, a duty of ten shillings per barrel containing thirty-two gallons, and so in proportion4 for a greater or less quantity; and for and upon all playing cards an additional duty of two shillings per pack; for and upon every gallon of Bn feed oil an additional duty of six pence, and so in proportion for a greater or lef? quantity; for and upon all iron wire not being of the manufacture of Great Britain or France, or the French dominions in Europe, an additional duty after the rate of two pounds ten shillings for every one hundred pounds weight thereof; and for and upon all gunpowder not being of British manufacture, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, a duty after the r.-te of forty shillings for every one hundred pounds weight thereof; for and upon a)} treacle which flnfi he nn; rted into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, an act-

A 2 dition.il

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

ditional duty after the rate of twenty shillings for every hundred weight thereof}

1790. an<l ^pr ant* upon *urPent*I,ci or spirits of turpentine, a duty of one penny

Chap. I farthing for every pound weight thereof, and so in proportion for any greater cr left quantity; and for and upon all rosin, if of the product of any of the dominions or plantations belonging to your Majesty, a duty of one shilling and seven pence halfpenny for every one hundred weight, and if not of the produ£l of any of the dominions or plantations belonging to your Majesty, and imported in ships built and navigated according to law, a duty of two shillings and five pence farthing for every one hundred weight, and if imported in any foreign built ship or vessel, a duty of two shillings and six pence farthing for every one hundred weight, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; which lad mentioned duties on oil* or spirits of turpentine, and rosin, shall be in lieu of any other duties payable by any law now of force in this kingdom, upon the importation thereof; and for and upon all cordage tarred and untarred, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, except from Great Britain, a duty of nine shillings and two pence halfpenny for each one hundred weight thereof, and so in proportion for ai)y greater or less quantity; and for and upon the several articles herein after mentioned, which shall be exported from this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the following duties respectively 5 for and upon every raw and untanned hide exported to any other place than Great Britain, an additional duty of six pence; for and upon every ton of fonp-boilcrls v/afte and other manures, a duty of ten shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; for and upon every ton of linen rags, an additional duty of three pounds per ton, and so in proportion for any greater or left; quantity.

III. And be it enacted, That the several duties hereby imposed on beer, ale, porter, teas, and wines, to be imported into this kingdom, shall be in lieu and full satisfaction of all custom, excise, and other duties payable to your Majesty for the fame, by any act or acts of parliament heretofore made in this kingdom.

IV. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred ami -ninety, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thouhnd seven hundred and ninety-one indufive, and no longer, there shall be throughout your kingdom of Ireland, granted, rrifed, levied, and paid to your Majesty, your lietrs and succestors, the several rates, additional and other duties and impositions herein after mentioned, that is to say, for and upon every thirty-two gallons of beer or ale brewed within this kingdom by any common brewer, or in his yefleU, or by any ether perfo or persons who doth, or do, or shall fell or tap out any beer or ale publickly or privately, every such gallon to contain two hundred and seventy-two cubical inches, and one-fourth part of a cubical Inch, an -additional duty of two shillings, if above the price of six shillings the barrel, and of four pence if of the price of six shillings the barrel, or under; the same to be paid by the common brewer, or by such other person or persons respectively, who shall brew, fell, or tap out the fame, and so proportionably for any greater or less qoaatities; and for and upon all painted or playing cards which shall be made or manufactured in tins kingdom during the time aforesaid, the sum of six pence -over and above the duties now payable on the fame, and also that for and upon all dice which shall be made or manufacturedin this kingdom, or which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, a duty of five shillings for every pair over and above the duties now puyai e on the fame, and also that for and upon all gold or silver plate which shall be wrought, made, or manufactured in this kingdom, or which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, a duty after the rate of six pence for every ounce Troy weight, and so proportionably for any greater cr less weight, ever and above the duties now payable on the same.

The thirtieth Year of George III. 5

V. Anti be It enabled, Tint all and every the person and persons who shall have A.D. upon the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, IJ90, or who find have at any time between the said twenty-fifth day of Mr.rdl, 0110 Chap. I. thousand seven hundred and ninety, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thou-find seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, any fnlary, profits of employments, fceo. or pensions in this kingdom, shall during the time aforesaid, nav unto your Majesty, the full sum of four finding'; llerling out of every twenty shillings Iter-lin j, which he, (he, orthev do or (halt receive, or he entitled unto during t/ic said time by reason of such fabric:., profits of employments, fees, and putfions, over and above the charges ami expences of executing said employments, unless such person do, and '.ball live ami actually reside within this kingdom fer and during the space of six calendar months at lead, between the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thoulaud seven hundred and ninety, and the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, which said tax or duty of four findings sterling payable on every twenty shillings as aforesaid, shall be flopped and deducted out of such respective fabrics, fees, and pensions during the time and term aforesaid, by the vice-treasurer cr vice-treasurers, paymasterorpay- -mailers, and receiver-general of your Majesty's revenue, or by such person or persons who is or are to pay the same, anti winch tax of four shillings in the pound to be (lopped and deducted as aforesaid, by the person or persons who is or are to pay tile said fabrics, shall be by him or them paid to the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurors, his or their deputy or deputies, to he accounted for lo your Majesty; and also that the said tax of four shillings in the pound, to be (topped and dcdu£ted out of the said fabrics, profits of employments, fees and pensions of any person or persons so absent as aforesaid, dull be flopped by the respective deputy or deputies of such person or persons so abseni as aforesau!, and paid by them to the said vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, Ins or their deputy or deputies, to be accounted for to your Majesty, and that such deputy or deputies shall within one calendar month after such tax shall become due, give in upon oath an account before the Ihrd chief baron, or any of the barons of the court of exchequer, or any two justices of the peace, of the net profit of such employment or employments, for which such deputy or deputies is, are, or shall be accountable to their principals, which account such person or persons to whom tire fame shall be given upon oath as aforesaid, shall forthwith send to the said vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies , and such deputy and deputies of such personor persons so absentas aforesaid, shall within one calendar month after such account given in before the chief baron, or any of the barons of the exchequer, or any two justices of the peace a-aforesaid, pay rite vice-treasurer or vive-tre-asur.ws, fits or their deputy or deputies, the sum due ami piyable to your Majesty, for and on account of the said tax of four shillings in the pound chargeable upon the net profits of such employment or employments, ollice or ofilccs \ and in case such deputy or deputies of the person or persons so absent as nforcUici, shall omit or neglect to give in upon oath such account, or to pay the said tax within the respective times herein before for thatpur* pose appointed, such deputy or deputies neglecting or omitting the fame from the time of such omiiliou or neglect, shall be incapable of exercising or holding such deputation, and flinll also forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to your Majesty, to be recovered by action of debt or information in your Majesty's court of exchequer.

VI. And be it further cr..idled, That the fecrtltries of thcrommissioners of your Majesty's revenues, and the agent or agents of the lcvjral person:; who are entitled to receive any friaries, fees, or pensions upon your Majesty's ciublishment, shall resp:Ciiv- ly on or before the fail day of April, cne thousand fev- hundred and ninety-one, deliver in upmo.ah, which oath tl.c f,dd lord chief baron, or any of Vo;.. W. B the

6

The thirtieth Year of George III.

J)4 t!ie barons of your Majesty's court of exchequer, or any two justices of the peace,

flbfent and our of this kingdom for six calendar months, between the twenty-fifth day of March, o.iethouf.unl seven humlrtd ami ninety, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one iuclusive; and in case such fc-cretary or secretaries, agent or agents, shall refuse or neglect to deliver in such Jills respectively, he or they shall be disabled from holding and enjoying the said office of feerdary or secretaries, or from being agent or agents.

VII. Provided always, and be it further emitted, That this act shall not extend to charge the said tax or duty of four shillings sterling on every twenty shillings as aforesaid, upon the fabrics, pensions, fees, or profits of employments, payable to any of the defendants of your Majesty's royal grandfather, or to the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or to his or their principal fccrerury, or to the duke of Brunswick prince Ferdinand, the duke and duchess of Aihol, the representative or representatives of the late right honourable Eduard lord baron Hawke of the kingdom of Great Britain, or to George Charles, esquire, if your Majesty ihatl think fit by your sign manual; to exempt the raid duke of Brunswick prince Ferdinand, the duke and duchess of Athol, the representative or representatives of the said lord baron Hawke, and George Charles, or any of them, from payment of the fame, nor shall the same extend to the officers of the army, lo far as respects the pay arising from their regimental commissions, nor shall the fame extend to the half-pay officers on the establishment of this kingdom, or to the widows of officers.

VIII. And be it further emitted, That every person who shall have or be entitled to receive any salary, profits of employments, fees, orpensions in this kingdom, and who shall during the time aforesaid leave this kingdom, shall as often as he or she shall so leave this kingdom, give notice in writing to the principal officer resident at the port at which lie or flic shall embark, or to the deputy vice-treasurer of this kingdom, of the day on which he or die intends to leave this kingdom as aforesaid, or shall within the space of three calendar months after he or (lie shall have left this kingdom, give like notice of the day on which he or she had left the fame, and shall also give like notice in writing of the day of his or her return to this kingdom; and if any such person as aforesaid shall neglect or omit to give such notice as aforesaid, such person shall pay the said four shillings in the pound, as if he or flic had been absent from this kingdom for the space of six months.

IX. And be it further emitted, That such notice shall be received by the respect:Svc officers aforesaid, without fee or reward, and that such officers shall respectively give a receipt in writing to the person who shall serve such notice, if it (mill be desired by such person.

X. And be it further enacted, That every officer of any port who shall receive such notice as aforesaid, shall immediately transmit the same to the deputy vice-treasurer of this kingdom, who shall keep and preserve the fjme.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all duties of custom inwards, import ex-cifc, and additional duties which have been, or shall or may be imposed on goods, wares, and merchandizes imported into this kingdom, between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven nun ired and ninety, and the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one iuclusive; and also the several duties inreby imposed on any goods, wares,' or merchandizes imported during the time aforesaid, shall be paid down in ready money net, without my disconnt or allowance whatsoever fer prompt payment, or othen/ife, except huh allowauu-as have been usually made for leakage, and such a'inwances as ir: herein after par-

The thirtieth Year of George III.

ticutarly mentioned In respect to wines unfilled, or shall be mentioned and provided in respect of tobacco’s or any other article, -by any act or acts to be passed this session of parliament.

XII. And be it cnaifled, That there find! be granted, collected, levied, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, for and upon all goods, wares, and merchandizes, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time nforc-said, by any person being a rttailer or consumcr, in ready money net, without any discount or allowance, an addition.}! duty after the rate of six pounds per centum, on the duties payable thereon respectively, over and above the full amount of such duties, except sugars, and except the following articles, being of the growth, produce, or manufo&ure of France, or the French dominions in Europe, videlicet, beer, hardware, cutlery, cabinet ware, and turnery, manufactures of iron, ftecl, copper, and br.ifs, cotton*;, woollen, knit and wove hosiery, cambricks, and lawns, linens made of flax and hemp, fadlery, gauzes, millinary made of muslin, lawn, cambrick, or gauze, porcelain, earthen ware, and pottery, glass, ami glass ware.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That an allowance after the rate of ten pound.'. per centum, shall be made for the weight of every bag or pocket, in which hops shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, for the tare of the said bag or pocket, any usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every thcfeveral andrcfpe£Uvc additional duties, rates, and impositions hereby granted, shall be raised, answered, levied, and paid ur.to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time afore-Uid, over and above all ocher duties payable by virtue of an act made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An act for the /titling of the excise er new impsf upon his Majesty his heirs and ftcccjftn, according to thehchtf rates therein uferttd / or by one other

made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled, An act for settling the fulfidy ofpoundage, and granting a fuffidy of ttnnage, end other ftwtt of money, unto his royal Majesty, his heirs and successors, the same to be paid upon merchandizes imported and expet ted into, er out of the kingdom of Ireland, according to the booh of rates hereunto annexed; except where it is Otherwise herein particularly provided and enacted.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the six pence per pound, and all other fees which shall or may be payable to the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver or paymaster*general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, upon issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money which shall or may arifeoutof, or shall or maybe received for or on account of the several duties and aids hereby granted to your Majesty, shall be applied by the said vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver or paymaster-general respe£Hvely, for the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, in aid and addition to the duties hereby granted, and shall be duly accounted for by him or them.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That a separate account shall be kept of all increase of duties, aids, or taxes, which shall or may accrue by means of the dif-counts and allowances for prompt payment of the import excise, and allowance of five pounds per centum on payment of customs inwards, being hereby enacted to ceafej and that such increase shall be applied for the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, in aid and addition to the duties hereby granted.

XVII. Provided always, and belt further enacted, That if any of the goods and merchandizes herein before mentioned, upon which the said duties, additional duties, and further additiona' duties hereby granted, arc charged upon the importation thereof, shall after payment thereof, be again exported, except wines, touching which a special provision is herein made by any mrrrhunt or merchants within

P 2 three

8 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

three yesrs after the importation thereof; and if due proof be first made 1>y certifi- 1790. cate from the proper officer of the due entry anti payment of the said duties, ad-

Chap. I. ditional duties, and further additional duties hereby granted, and that all other re-

quilites have been performed wine are by law required to be performed in those case.-, where the duties of excise are to be repaid, by virtue of the before mentioned act, entitled, /in >ici fir the fcU/ing of the exsifi9 cr new impaji upon his his

heir: nn'i ftrrrffor^ maniin^ to the 1'v.h if rates therein infer/it!; that then the said duties, aiitluioiinl duties, ami further additional duties htrebv imposed, shall with-

out any delay or reward be repaid unto such merchant or merch.mts so exporting the fame, within otic month after demand thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary iioiwithlhndmp, t\ccp: in such cases where iris, cr shall be otherwise provided for by any act to be p.ificd lids session of parliament.

XVIII. And be it further ena«'.*:»i, That for ami upon the exportation to any place, except the British plantations in America, the W*.ft Indies, or any British. settlement on the eoalt of Africa, of any wines within three years after import, ami which Audi have paid on impuit such duties as aTc charged thereon in thcafore-mentioned schedule No. 1, the leur.il drawbacks mentioned in the schedule marked No. 2, hereunto annexed, th.dl be allowed and paid to the merchant or merchants so exporting the lame.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the additional rates and duties hereby granted and imposed on chocolate and cocoa nuts, and all monies arising thereby. Diall be paid to the trustees appointed for the management of the hempen and flaxen manufactures of this kingdom, to he by them applied to encourage and suppott the said manufactures, and the trade tin real in this kingdom; and that the said additional duties cn r,tw and unturned hid-i, .'ml :;v said additional duty oil linfecd* oil imported, and all money riling thereby, Ir.all be paid to the said trustees, to be by them applied towards «*uci;ur.iging the railing of flax-feed In this kingdom; and that so much of the produce of all the said duties arising upon teas as shall amount to the sum of seven thousand three hundred pounds, shall be placed to the account of vr.v.r al-.'jedv's hereditary revenue; and that the surplus of the produce of the said duties or teas f.i.dl be applied for the support of your Majesty's government as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further cn.ucted, That all duties paid to, and all furcs granted to the trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures, shall be exempted from the payment of all fees.

XXI. And be it iurther enacted, That the f.iid duty of ten shillings per barrel hereby granted and imposed upon all herrings imported into this kingdom, except JJritifli herrings, shall be applied to encourage the liiheries of this kingdom, in such manner as shall be directed by parliament.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth dav of hlaich, one tlcufand seven hundred and ninety, the fever.il films granted by this act, or any nrivr adsof parliament now in force in this kingdom, and appropriated to encourage the railing luiVieient quantities of flax-feed and hemp in this kingdom, niul for the encouragement of the hempen and flaxen manufactures in the prmiuecsof Leinster, Munlter, and Connaught, shall be applied to such perpofis only, and no other; and ti-at a separate and diiliik’t account shall be kept by the proper ollicer of th.e application thereof, ami be laid, before parliament.

XXIII. And licit enacted, That where any pevfon shall import crudebvimftone, or salt petre, and shall make use of the fame in extr idling therefrom oil of vitriol or aquafortis, such jvrfen Hull tv entitled to receive, and the collector of the pnrf or ciiiiich'viti in vhieli iV.eh crude hrimfione and f,m petre shall have been im-peri'.e, li '1 rrp.iy ;o To ' pci Ion all such duties ns have been paid by him on the in.j-.'i t'. i ec.i, on 1. a mating it appear by 5 ilmavit, cr ir a known quaker

Iv

The thirtieth Year of George III.9

by affirmation, to such collector, that such crude brimstone and salt petre have A.D. been used In making vitriol or aquafortis. 1790.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no cambricks, lawns, orglass what- Chap, 1. soever, except of the manufacture of Great Britain, or of the European domi- —v'"-J nions of France, nor any gold or silver lace, except of the manufacture of Great Britain, nor any hops, except of the growth of Great Britain, or of the British colonies in America, or the "West Indies, shall from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand sevenhundrctTand ninety, be imported into this kingdom in any ship or vessel whatsoever, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such lace, cambricks, and lawns, and hops and ghfs, and treble the value thereof, and of the forfeiture of the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said schedules herein before mentioned, and which are hereunto annexed, shall be deemed and taken as a part of this act, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the several and respective duties, rates, and impositions hereby granted, and all penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed, and not otherwise herein specially provided for, shall be raised, answered, levied, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, in like manner, except as to bonding the said duties, or any discount for prompt payment, and by such ways, means, and methods, and by such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers as are appointed, directed, and expressed for the railing, answering, collecting, and paying of duties in and by the said act made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his said late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling of the excise or new impofiupon I is Majestyt his heirs anti successorst according to the book of rates therein inserted; or by any other law now of force relating to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted by this act, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party aggrieved, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws now in being relating to the duties of excise is provided.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That a separate and diltmCt account shall be kept by the properofficer or officers of the several sums arising from the aforesaid several aids and taxes hereby granted as aforesaid; and that the commissioners of your Majesty's revenue shall return the weekly abstraCU of their several collectors to the accountant general, and that the accountant general shall return a separate account of the aforesaid sums arising from the said aids, duties, and taxes hereby granted to the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his, or their deputy or deputies; and that every collector or receiver do take a separate receipt for the fame when paid into your Majesty's treasury \ which receipt the said vice^tTeafurci or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, is and are hereby required to give accordingly.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several sums herein after mentioned, be paid out of the several duties and aids granted to your Majesty by this act to the persons, and for the purposes herein after mentioned; that is to say, the Cum of four thousand pounds to the right honourable the speaker of the house of commons, to enable him to maintain the (late and dignity of his office; the sum of ten thousand pounds for one year ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to the trustees for tncouraging the hempen and flaxen manufactures in this kingdom, to be by them applied in such manner as shall appear to them to be the most conducive tc promote the said manufactures; the said sum of ten thousand pounds being given to them in the place

The thirtieth Year of George III.

and field of n like sum heretofore appropriated to be paid to them out of the first produce of the duties on tens: the sum of five hundred pounds to the right honourable John Monck Mason, chairman of the committees of supply and ways and means, for his fewices during this fcilion of parliament; the sum of five hundred and forty pound.} to Robert Thornton, esquire, clerk of this houic, as a reward for his attendance and service this fdfion of parliament 5 the sum of three hundred and fifty pounds to Benjamin Higgins, clerk aGill ant, as a reward for Ids attendance and service this feffitou of parliament; the sum of three hundred and twenty pounds to James Corry, clerk of the journals and records, as u reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament 5 the sum of one hundred ami forty pounds to Dawfun Ellis, clerk of the engroffiments, as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament; the sum of five hundred pounds to George Frederick Wuiftatiley and Jonathan Rogers, the clerks attending the fdcct and other committees, as a reward for their attendance and service this session of parliament, to be equally divided between them; the sum of six hundred ami seventy pounds to Dixie Coddington, esquire, fcfjeant at arms, as a reward for his attendance and service this U (lion of parliament; the sum of seventy pounds to Laurenzo Send, as a reward for his trouble and attendance in delivering the votes to the members this fdfion of parliament; the sum of two hundred pounds to James M'Cowen and Henry Holmes, door-keepers to tins house, as a reward for their attendance and service this fdfion of parliament, to be equally divided between them; the sum of seven hundred pounds to be given to the speaker, to be 'by him divided among the back-door keepers and messengers attending this house, being twenty in number, ami the* other attendants, in such manner as Jic shall direct; the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds to Thomas 1/Estrange, for his extraordinary care and trouble in attending this house as affiiUnt serjeant at arms; the sum of two hundred pounds to Robert Thornton, clquire, for his trouble and expence in preparing copies, superintending the printing, and making an index to the twenty-sixth volume of the journals of this house; the sum of one hundred and twelve pounds to James King and Abraham Bradley King, for printing the publick accounts laid before the house this session of parliament; the sum of five hundred pounds to the speakir of this house, to be applied by hint in the manner directed by this house, with rd’pecl to a similar sum granted in the last session of parliament for the better arrangement of business in the clerks offices; the sum of three hundred and forty pounds to I lionias Burgh, esquire, accountant general, as a reward for hk t > pence and trouble in preparing and Rating the publick accounts of the nation, laid before this house this session of parliament; die sum of eight hundred pounds to John Tydd, esquire, in confukration of his extraordinary attendance, care, and expence 111 the office of paymalier of corn premiums; the lum of two hundred pounds to the right honourable lord Annally, examinator of ctdlotns, as a reward for his expence and trouble in preparing and making out the no- ount of the imports and exports for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of M irch, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, pursuant to the order of this house; the sum of seventy pounds to Henry Smyth, deputy paymaster of corn premiums, for his extraordinary trouble and expence in preparing accounts by him laid before this house for one year, ending at Midsummer, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine; the sum of two hundred pounds to PaulLeBas, rxa-mlaator of corn premiums, on account of the great increase of his trouble in examining atul keeping accounts of said premiums, and for his expences in payment of clerks in the year ending at Lady-day, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine; the sum of one hundred a d forty pounds to John Smart, deputy accountant general, lor his extraordinary trouble this session of parlian cut, and superiutend-tng the priming of the publick accounts; the sum of one hundred and forty pounds

to

The thirtieth Year of George III. . u

to Anthony Fersufon, ulfilhwt examinator of customs, for his extraordinary trouble »n making i!p tiief:vt*ral accounts by him laid before this house, and in attending , iy^'Q, this house this feilio'i of parliament; the sum of one hundred and forty pounds Chap* I. to John Swan, examiimtor of oxeife, for his extraordinary trouble and expence in preparing accounts for r>»is houlVj the sum of seven hundred and two pounds two Ihilltngs and eight pence to James King and Abraham Bradley King, printers to this house, for printing and binding five hundred copies of the twenty-sixth volume of the journals, for the use of the members of this house} the sum of eighty pounds to Elizabeth Mollov, for the additional expences incurred by her in the articles of coal and candle, which (lie is obliged to furnish in the new buildings, in the interval between this and the next session of parliament*, the sum of three thousand pounds to the provost, fellows, and scholars of the college of the holy and undivided Trinity of queen Elizabeth, near Dublin, for the purpose of carrying on the squaTC in the said college, called the Parliamem-square, agreeably to the terms let forth in their petition, presented to this house in a former session of parliament, and the sum of forty-one thousand five hundred and thirty pounds eighteen shillings and one penny three farthings, to be applied in such manner as parliament shall direct, for the advancement of trade and manufactures, and the maintenance of hospitals, charities, publick institutions, and the further improvement of tills kingdom, by building churches, and other publick works.'

C t

No. r.

No. i

i!

9~>

fit V|

'r*

hi

A SCHEDULE of the Duties upon every Ton of Wine, Filled or Unfilled, imported, subject to Alien’s Duty or otherwise, to be paid down in ready Money Net, without any Discount or Allowance, and to be in Lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties, Customs and Excise payable thereon, by any A£fc or Acts of Parliament heretofore made in this Kingdom.

Portugal and Madeira Wine, Spanirti and Canary' Wine, and Win.-uf all other the Dominions of

Rhenilli Wine ——

AH oth-r W^n*, except Wines of France, or the French Dominions in Europe ——

If not subject to Alien’s Duty. If subject to Alien’s Duty.

Filled.: Unfilled. Ftlled. Unfilled.

1. s. d. 20ths 1. rS. d. 20lhs I. s. d. 2oths 1. s. d. 20ths

22 4 8 20 14 0 2 3 0 2 13i 21 8 0

27 19 10 16 25 13 to 18J gg910 16 27 0 10 I8J

28910 16 a 6 s 10 18; 30 3 2 ‘6 27 12 to 18§

a

I*

o

ft

O

cS

ft

No. 2.

No. 2.

A SCHEDULE of the Drawbacks upon every Ton of Wine exported, as the fame has been Imported, Filled or Unfilled, subject to Alien’s Duty or otherwise, if the same shall be regularly exported within Three Years after the Importation thereof respectively: The said Drawbacks to be in Lieu and full Satisfaction of all Drawbacks payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made in this Kingdom.

G

Spanish, Canary, and Wines of the Dominions of

Spain, Portugal, and Madeira Wine -

All other Wine, except Wines of France, or the French Dominions in Europe -

Not having paid Alien’s Duty. Having paid Alien’s Duty.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

1. s. d. 20ths 1. s. d. 20ths 1. s. d. 20iht 1. S. d. 20tlls

17 4 8 16 40 16 6 10 13} CO 0

23910 16 21 12 to 18J 23 g 10 16 td M 0 CO

The thirtieth Year of George III.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

CHAP. II.

An Act for granting to His Massy the several Aids, Duties, Rates, Impositions and Taxes therein particularly expressed, /o be applied to the Payment of the Intereji of the principal Sums therein provided for, and towards the Discharge offuck principal Sums, in fitch Manner as therein is direSfed j and for fitch other Purprfs as are therein mentioned.

v.Ih j' ’I T WHEREAS by an act of parliament made and passed in the twenty-ninth

y Y year of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting to his Majests, the several aids, duties, rates, impsftlions and taxes therein particularly expressed, to he applied to the payment of the inhrejl of the fans therein Provided for, and towards the discharge of the said principal sums in fttcb manner as therein is directed) and for such other purposes as are therein mentioned; several aids and additional duties were granted to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thous.uu! {even hundred and eighty-nine, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety inclusive, to pay an filtered: for the several sums in the said receited act particularly mentioned, or so much thereof as iliould remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, to the person or persons who lent the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, at the respective rates therein particularly mentioned, to commence from the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thou-f.md liven hundred and eighty-nine, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions, defalcations, and abatements whatsoever, until such times as they should be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment, and also to pay the several annuities and charges therein mentioned: and whereas in purfu-aiice of and by virtue of certain powers in the said recited act contained, a funi of five hundred and eighteen thousand two hundred and forty pounds, the remainder of the sum of nine hundred and eighteen thousand two hundred and forty pounds, in the said act mentioned, hath been raised, for which sums debentures, bearing an interest at the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum, have been issued, and which sum is (till outfinnding and unpaid, and hath been applied in paying off a like sum theretofore raised on debentures carrying an filtered at the rate of four pounds per centum per anntim: and whereas it was in and by the said receited act, recited, " that the treasury bills which had theretofore iiVued for the sum of one hundred and sixty-five thousand seven hundred and fifty pounds, which was raised to replace a like sum due by treasury bills, which were paid off on the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and the treasury bills which had theretofore issued for the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, part of the sum of three hundred thousand pounds in the said act mentioned, were, if not paid off on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, one theufan ! seven hundred and eighty-nine, to be received, taken, and be current to any receiver or collector in this kingdom, of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid, or tax in this kingdom, for or in satisfaction of any tuff tom, excise, revenue, aid, or tax thereafter to become due or payable to your Majesty, your heirs or successors, and to be taken, pass, and be current at the

receipt

14

A.D. 1790.

The thirtieth Year of George III. 15

receipt of your Majesty's exchequer from every such receiver or celleclor, for and A. in respect of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid, or tax by him collected \ ~qc. and received on or after the said day:" and whereas by virtue of certain other powers Chjj'. 2. in the said recited act contained, a sunt of two hundred and sixty-five thousand seven hundred and fifty pound?, was raised and paid into your Majesty's treufiiry, for replacing the aforesaid sums of one hundred and fixrv-five thonfuid seven hundred and fifty pounds, and one hundred ihrmf.'.nu pounds, so due by the aforesaid treasury bills, which were paid oil* and difeharved on the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and new treasury biils to the amount of two hundred and sixty-live thousand seven handled and fitly pounds, bearing an interest at the rate of two pence halfpenny by the day fin-each one hundred pounds, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, have been tinted to the nerfous who paid in lhe said sum, which treasury bills are still outflnmling and unpaid, and part of th»* said treasury bills amounting to sixty-five thousand seven hundred and fifty pound; are to pass current to any receiver or collector in this kingdom on or after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hunered and ninety-four, and other part of such treasury bills, amounting to one hundred thousand pounds, are to pass current to any receiver or colleger in this kingdom, on or after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the remainder of the said treasury bills, amounting to one hundred thousand pounds, are to pass current to any receiver or collector in this kingdom, on or alter the twenry-fourthdayof June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six: and whereas the aids and duties granted to your Majesty in ant! by the find recited a cl of the twenty-ninth year of your Majesty's reign, have not proved sufficient to pay and discharge the fever.il principal sums therein and herein before mentioned, and ti<v interest of the fame respectively, and the fi.veral annuities therein also mentioned: and whereas it is necessary to provide for the payment of the several principil sums at any time or times heretofore borrowed upon or secured by debentures or treasury bills, which shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one fboufiimi ievu:; hundred and ninety, together with the interest thereof, and also to provide for the payment of the several life annuities heretofore granted upon the respective sums of two hundred and sixty-live thousand pounds, one hundred and seventy-five thousand pounds, and three hundred thousand pounds*, and also to provide for the payment of one annuity or yearly sum of twenty-four thousand pounds, being a sum equal tv the amount of the whole interest payable upon debentures subscribed and cancelled, pi.rfuant to an act passed in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of your Majesty*s reign, entitled, An act for ejlallifAng a bank by the name of the governors ami company cf tie bank cf Inland, and nlfo to provide for the payment of the annuities granted in pursuance of an aci passed in the twenty-fifth year of your Mi’.jesty’s reign, entitled, An act for granting to I is Mtijcfy tki fevered aids, dt/tiei, rafts, mpfiticm, and taxes therein particularly r-v-prtftd, to be applied to the puxment of the interest ej the sums therein provided for, and {Wards the discharge cf tie said principal sums w fetch manner as tka’ent is directed, and for ftech purposes as ore therein mentioned; for cffeCluating the railing of the sum of two hundred thousand pounds in the said act mentioned*, and also to provide for the payment of the Aim of ten thousand pounds raised upon debentures, in pursuance of an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of your Mu jetty's reign, entitled, An act j\r premding the improvement of the ports and herhur; it; this Kingtkm; and Interest upon the fame at the rate of four poundsp>r centum pc annum; we your Majifiv’s most r.utiful arid loyal subjects, the commons cf Ireland, in parliament assembled, do ii.crefi.re most humbly bcfi-ech v'*ur Majesty, that it may be entitled, and be it enacted by the l;ingh> nxft excellent M.ijrfiv, by 1) 2

16 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

and v. iih the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, ami com-1790, mons 111 this parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

Qm -) That for ilvs laid principal sum of ten thousand pounds so borrowed upon, or

v__—/->«j secured by debentures, bearing an ir.tcreft at the rate of four pounds per centum

per annum, and for the several principal sums heretofore borrowed-upon, or secured by debentures, bearing an interest at the rate of tl ree pounds ten shillings y,e centum per annum, which remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of

March, one thousand fevcti hundred and ninety, there Hull be paid at the receipt of your Majestyh exchequer, by the bands of the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, paymaikr or receiver-general, his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of every six calendar months, to he computed from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand fevcti hundred and ninety, to the person or persons who has or have paid or lent, cr become entitled to the fame respectively, his, her, or their executors, administrators, cr assigns, an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, ami three pounds ten shillings per antum per annum respectively, according to the tenor of such debentures respectively, without any fee or charge, ami free from all detlu£Uons, defalcations, and abatements whatsoever, until such time as they shall be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment.

II. And be it further cna&cri, That the said several life annuities heretofore granted to the several subscribers, who advanced and paid the said three several sums of two hundred and sixty-five thousand pounds, one hundred and seventy-five thousand pounds, and three hundred thousand pounds, into your Majesty's treasury, shall and may be regularly paid to the persons thereunto respectively entitled, as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the several acts heretofore made, concerning the same respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid annuity or yearly sum of twenty-four thousand pounds, shall and may be regularly paid to the governors and company of the bank of Ireland, as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act, entitled, An all /cr tflablishing a bank by the name of the governors and company of the hank of Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several annuities granted in pursuance of the said act passed in the twenty-fifth year of your Majesty's reign, be regularly paid to the persons thereunto respectively entitled, as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

V. And be it further enacted, That for the principal sums at any time heretofore borrowed upon, or secured by treasury bills now outstanding and unpaid, and which are not yet current to any receiver, or collector of any revenue, aid, or tax in this kingdom, bearing an interest at the rate of three pence by the day for each one hundred pounds; and for the several principal sums borrowed upon, or secured by treasury bills now outstanding and unpaid, and which are not yet current as aforesaid, bearing an interest at the rate of two pence halfpenny by the day for each one hundred pounds, and which shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall be paid at the receipt of your Majesty's exchequer, by the hands of the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and niuety, to the person or persons having paid the fame respectively, his, her, or their executors, administraters or assigns, an filtered after the Tate of three pence, and two pence halfpenny respective!y, by the day for every one hundred pounds, according to the tenor of such treasury bills respetlivclv, without any fee or charge, and free from all dedu6lions, defalcations, and abatements whatsoever, until they shall be respectively paid or finished their principal money at one entire payment.

The thirtieth Year of George III. 17

VI. Aral whereas the treasury bilis which have been issued for the sum of A.D. fifty thousand pounds, part of the sum of two lutih'.r.'d thousand pounds, was I~(jO. filled jiurfu.m: to ;i power in the said act passed in the twenty-filth year of your Chop. 2* P'-l.ijefl.vs reign, entitled, An act j\r p rawing t. Lis Mojjly tejevcral tUtUcs,

ra.es t 'w’f/il.ons, and tuxes therein ft nii/t.ir.'y exprf’.d, /; U applied to the payment of the inltrej} of the sums therein provi.hd /:r, and t wards the discharg: cj the said principalJnrns, in J..ch manner ns therein Is direC.cJ, andjsrjuchpurpejes ns are therein n:en!:ottrd) lire if not paid oft* on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hunched and ninety, to be received, taken, and be current to any receiver or collector in this kingdom, of the aiilom-?, exciil’, or any revenue, aid, or tax in this kingdom, fer t.r in f.irisfaclion of any custom, excite, revenue, aid, or tax then due or thtTcaster to become due or payable to your Majesty, your heirs and fuccdTors, and to be taken, puss, and be current at the receipt of your Majesty's exchequer, from every such receiver or collector, for cr in respect of the customs, excite, or any revenue, aid, or tax by him collected or received on or after the find twenty-fourth day of June, or.e thousand seven hundred and ninety: and whereas in order to provide for the payment of the fm! several last mentioned treasury bills heretofore illuetl, or to replace such furns as shall he paid or allowed out cf your Majesty's revenue In discharge of the fame, i: will be necessary to make fume further provisinn touching the fame: heir therefore enacted, That as to all such treasury bills so issued for the find sum of fifty thousand pounds, which are so made current from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, at any time or times from and after the find twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to call in, pay oil', and discharge the fame, or such part thereof as shall remain unpaid or unfiitixfied on the said twenty-fourth day of June, one (houlami seven hundred and ninety.

VII. And whereas hi order to replace the said sum of fifty thousand pounds, it may be expedient to raise the fiimc by treasury bills, tocairy an interest, not exceeding the rate of two pence halfpenny by the day for each one hundred pounds winch shall be raised thereon as aforesaid: wc your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland in parliament assembled, do most humbly bsfecch your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted, That for the said sum of fifty thousand pounds, cr so much thereof as fltaft be adu.lly paid into your Majesty's treasury, at the iuftance of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, on loan by treasury bills, there shall be paid at your Majesty's exchequer by the hand of the vice-treasurer or pjymaster-generul, his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of every six calendar months, to the person or persons so paving or lending the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators or assigns, such interest, net exceeding theme of twopence halfpenny by the day for each one hundred pounds, and to commence from the twenty* fourth day of June, one thousand seven i unci red and ninety, or from such time subsequent thereto, as Hull be agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors for the time being, without any fee or charge, and free from any deductions, ddaleations, and abatements whatsoever, until such time as they shall respectively be paid their principal money in one entire payment.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That for so much of the said sum of fifty thousand pounds, as shall be a£!ually paid into your MajdVt, treasury on loan by trcifury biils as aforesaid, bills entitling the bearer to the amount of the sums to be respectively specined therein, and declaring inch amount to be payable or pass current at the receipt of your MajestVs exchequer, at such time and time* as

The thirtieth Year of George III.

shall be directed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall be ifltied and given by the proper officers of your Majesty's treasury, such bills to bear an interest at such rate as herein htft is mentioned, the said bills to be numbered in arithmetical progrtflion, where the common excess or dinerer.ee is to be one, until the whole shall be numbered, beginning with the number one.

IX. Provided always, 'lhat evtry such bill or bills so to be {fitted for the faitl fam of listy ihouf.ind pounds, or any part thereof as aforesaid, shall and may on or after fitch time or times as shall be appointed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, if not sooner paid off, be received and taken by, and be current to any rtceiver or col-L-cU’.r in this kingdom, of the udloms, cxeilV, or any revenue, aid, or tax in this kingdom, for and in satisfaction of any custom, excise, revenue, aid, or tax, then or thereafter TefpccUvtly to become due or payable to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and shall be taken, pals, and be current, at the receipt of your Majesty's exchequer, from every such receiver or collector, for or in respect of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid, or tax by him collected or received on or after such lime or times so to be appointed as aforesaid.

X. And be it enacted, That as fooa as any of the said treasury bills which have heretofore ifiucd, or which shall or may ifiuc in pursuance of this act, shall be received by any receiver or collector, for or in respect of any aid, ciiftoni, tax, or revenue, pursuant to the fivera! provisions in the said first recited act, and this present act contained, all intereil shall cease from the day of such receipt, and Hull be no longer piyaUe theieen, and the fame when paid by such receiver or codec\nr into \cmr Majesty's treasury, shall be cancelled.

XI. And in order to avoid small fractional divisions of daily interest less than a farthing on the said bil'.oj K i: enacted, That no bill be issued by virtue of this at I, for any sum id’s than forty pounds, other than such sum or sums, as the herd lieutenant w other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time King, llv.il diixc'i and appoint and that every person to whom any such bill rr bibs shall be ilVuu’., shall or may at his or lur option, have and receive one bill, or hvivd bids iur fitch sum as he or (lie shall ehoefe, so as such bill or bills, w mure t: ..a cue, do not exceed in the whole the amount of the money by him or her paid into the receipt of your Majesty's exchequer, in pursuance of ti:i.) act.

XII. And whereas it may be necessary to establish one or more lottery or lot-t.ricsi be it thcv-cLvc enacted, that it lluil and may be lawful to and for Ids exceiKiity the lewd licmcr.au:, or ether chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to dhibl'.fli one or mote lottery cr lotteries, as he or they 11.all i.irccl or appoint, and that every such lottery or lotteries shall he drawn at such lime or lima after the iivii. day u! April, one thouLnd seven Itundred and ninety, and conlltb of such number of tickets at such price or prices, to be fvbfcvilvd for, and paid ;.t such time or times, ami in inch proportions, a;! upon Such m.eiv.e cr schemes of p'.xcs to be paid in ready money, and at Inch time or timer, and with all such fuuber or other regulations, powers and provisions r.cctff.tvy to the c.urying the fame into execution, as shall be appointed and directed by his excel’ency the lord lieu;.mint, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the tin;: being, and that such lottery or lottcrks lo to be cil..-hl'.lhcd, llv'i tvr.duchd and cuf ;cd on, v. ;h. such powers and authorities,: ml under ami ftljcel u, such regulations ami directions, and with such form of books, mod’ oi thawing, provisions as to i.clets delivered, cr net iubfcished fer, rewinds to manager;', and oil er (11 <.ers, dilcotmt *or subscriptions advanced, and such forfeiture icr omiiiicr* to pay cr complete fiibscriptkms to such lottery or

lotteries.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

lotteries, within such time or times ns Hk.I1 be appointed by his excellency the lonl lieutenant, or other ciiief governor or governors of this kingdom lor the time being, and under ami subjvcl to such power?, to pay incident expences necessary to be incurred in the execution of such lottery or lotteries, ami such other power?, f.utliorities, provisinm, reilriction.s, penalties, forfeitures, payments for licenses, and remedies, as are fcvw.dT mentioned in an act made and paf.ed in the twenty-frit and twuitV'second years of your Majeilv’s :ii;an, entitled, r.n mi j:r grant-i'lg unto y.uv Jiff’; the h .! dut'u-s, rates, in:of:ti:.:s, trul innes, therm ;\v/v.v-hrly expsefied, /v applied to the payment of the interf of the ji,:n therein hr: f:d:d for, end ds t! e dif h.iry of the fid prim ip-.d sains, in Jmh nrvr;:r us i;: is directed, and for such ether purtrfes as are tJ. r<i:i mentioned; and also in o:.c other act passed in the twenty-fifth year of your Majesty's reign, entitled, At: «.«> str amending the fates for regulating Id lay cflices; touching the lotteries therein mentioned, unless where the fame hath been otherwise provided for by an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of your Majesty's reign, emitled, An act for granting to hit Mafifly, the several dutus ihtrein mentioned, and fer the letter regulation cf lottery offices; or unless the same shall be otherwise provided for during this fdliou of parliament, or as shall be enabled by any act or acts of parliament to be pilled in this session of parliament, as fully and clicclually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame and every of them were herein particularly fer forth and enacted, with respect to such lottery or lotteries to be established.

XIII. And be it enacted, That no oilicer appointed in pursuance of any of the fad recited acts for stamping shares or chances of tickets in manner preferred by any of the said acts, shall (lamp any Ibarc or chance of a ticket which Audi not be in the form following;

AY

L-ifi

tv > litur\ for the year 17

Brfaf )

Tie bearer will be entitled io the prfortion f finch beneficial chance as fall being to the fuht ninabiui as abcie, according to the schmeprinttd on the bad hereof, in the

Inland

abou-nieuiisncd lottery, to be drawn in or

Great Britain.

Which ticket has hen detfted with the officer appointed for stumping and wailing fares and chances oj lottery inlets.

Lottery Office, AT 67 red.

And on the hick of winch there Hull not he printed the ftheme of the proportion: oi the bandits which shall ante 0:1 such lli. rj or chance, if the ticket, the number of which lh.tll he mentioned in such Imnc nr chance, fl-.all prove fortunate, and such officer ih.dl nor llamp as ainrei.iid, a greater number of llsares or chance', depending upm any one ticket, *.h..n Ih.dd; it'~gc*.h;.r be ecpa.d to the whole of such ticket, or to any benent widen m.:y belong therito, n<-r any flute of a ticket or chance v.h’u’h shall he less than om.-li\teenth part of Inch ticket, or which Hull Ire entitled to hit than onc-!i\iaT,ih part in value cf such benefit i-.s may belong to Inch ticket, nor ur.leis tre criminal ticket which shall be so divided, be directed v. nh him par:u;.:it to the said acts, 0: one cf ;li:m, and

such

it 2

20

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

fut:h fnarc or chance shall be signed by the person liceiifed to issue the fame;

I ~yo. 2nd if any ticket, importing to be a share of a ticket, or a chance depending

Chap. 2. upon :my ticket in any lottery, shall be made out otherwise than as aforsfaic, and

k—under and subject to the regulations aforesaid, by any person or persons, the fame h hereby declared void, and the person or persons who shall issue the fame, or 11k 11 print or publUh any scheme or proposal for issuing the fame, {null forfeit tie sum of orie hundred pounds for every such offence; and ii such person or persons be licensal, the license to him, her, or them granted, full from the time of iiis, her, or their conviction of such offence, be null and void.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all penalties, not exceeding the sum of

one hundred pounds, which shall be incurred by any pLrfun or persons offending ngainll any of the acU now in force for regulating lottery offices, may be recoverable before any one of his Majesty's juliiccs of the peace for toe county, city, town, or other diAriel: in which the offence shall be committed, upon proof of the offence, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses,

or on confession of the offender, or on view of fuchjuilice; and that one moiety

of every such penalty shall belong to tire informer or informers prosecuting for the fame *, and the other moiety to your Majesty, your heirs and successors; and that in case of non-payment of any such penalty, it shall be levied by distress and file of the offender’s goods and chattles, by warrant under the hand and seal of such jtlfiice, and the overplus of the money raised, if any, after deducing the penalty, ami the expenecs of the distress and falc, shall be rendered to the owner) and for want of sufficient distress, the offender Audi be sent by such justice to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding Ax months, nor iefs than three months, as such justice shall think proper, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

XV. And to the intent that the interest of the several sums at any time or times

heretofore borrowed upon, or secured by debentures, bearing an interest at the rate of four pounds per eentmn per a’lntnn, and three pounds ten shillings per centum prr ti/itirtiii respectively, and remaining unpaid; and that the said several annuities, and the interest of the fever.il sums borrowed upon, or secured by treasury bills remaining unpaid, miv be duly and regularly paid: be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousanii {even hundred and ninety, there shall be throughout your Majesty's kingdom of Ireland, raised, levied, planted, colk&ed, and paid to veur Majesty, your heirs and successors, over and above the several rates and duties payable by virtue of an \\0. passed in the fouitceiuh am! fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the fecom!, entitled, An jer the fttling t>J l!:e txefe or new ur.pzj] upon his his heirs

andfthi'JJlis, ceecrding to the h:h rj rates therein injtrtcu; or by virtue of one other a:l passed in ti e said fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled, An act for fetthng the fuhfuly of poundage^ and granting a JulJtdy cf and ether sums cj w/c«v, unto his rcyal kis heirs and (uce<jforsy the

j.rr.e to le paid up)n merchandizes tmp'.rud and e.vpoi !cd into, or cut of the kingdom of jiv.'.ind, tieezriiing to the k:k cf rates hereunto annexed; and over and above any other duties, rates, impositions and taxes granted to your Majesty, by any other act or acts of parliament heretofore enacted in this kingdom, and Hill in force, the several duties, rates, impositions and taxes herein after mentioned, that is to say, an additional duty of ten penceptr gallon for and upon every gallon of aqua vit.e9 llrong waters, or spirits made or dillilled within this kingdom for sale, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one bclusive, the same to be paid by the fitft maker or diitiilcr thereof; an additional duty of eight pence per gallon upon every gallon of brandy, firong waters,

and

The thirtieth Year of George III. 2 f

anil spir:ts, perfectly made, and on spirits not above proof, made and difliliod of A.D. wine, that Utah be imported into this kingdom, during the time aforesaid, and y-QO. so proportionably for a greater or less quantity} amt for every gallon of foreign Quip, 2. spirits above the quality of Angle spirits, which find! be imported into this king- '

dom during the time aforesaid, an additional duty for such spirits in proportion to the duties payable for Angle spirits of the fame denomination, according to the comparative degree of flrergth which such spirits fiial! bear to Angle spirits of the fame denomination; a further additional duty of ten pence for and upon evtiy gallon of rum, or other spirits of the growth and produce of your Majesty's fagar colonies in America, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid; a further additional duty of one shilling and eight pence fci and upon every gallon of brandy, geneva, and all other spirits that Hull be imported into this kingdo m during the time aforesaid, except spirits of the growth and produce of your Majesty's sugar colonics in Aiili’iica, over and r.L-ove all other duties now payable for the lame} and an additional duty of six pence a pack for and upon all primed or p'aying cards that shall he manufactured or vended in this kingdom, during the time aforesaid; the said several duties to be paid down in ready money net, without discount or allowance fur prompt payment.

XVI. And be it enncled, Thar no allowance or abatement whatsoever shall be made by any officer of or upon any aid, duty, or impofuion granted and chargeable 1)V this act, upon any brandy, rum, geneva, or other foreign spirits imported into tliij kingdom, on account of any decrease, or supposed decrease of Ihcngth or quantity, by reason of the heat of weather, or on account of the (pace occupied by (be measuring rule, or cf what is commonly called the wet dip, but that during tin: time aforesaid, ail aids, duiie-., or impoftrions payable by tins or auv other act shall be paid without any abatement, allowance, or deduction v.hatfoc*ver, upon the accounts aforesaid, or any of them.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That neither the six pence per pound, nor any other fee shall be payable 10, or be deduced or received by the vice-treasurer or vtoe-treasurcts, receiver, or pavmaster general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or ofne- rs or this kingdom, for or on account of the Issuing or payment of any Aim or Aims of money arising by, or which Audi be received for or on account of the aids hereby granted unto your Majesty, or of «nv payment to be made in pursuance thereof.

XYIil. And be it enacted, That the aids hereby granted unto your Audi be applied and paid by the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy «!" ds puties, to the payment of the said annuity of twenty-four thotif.»nd pounds r/i>;iihi: and to the payment of the annuities aforesaid, granted for the sum of ivo hundred ami fixiy-five thous.ind pounds; and to the payment of the mmuhits granted for the sum of one hundred and seventy-five thousand rounds; and to the payment of the annuities granted for the sum of three hundred thou-f.ind pounds*, and towards payment of the expences which shall or m -y be in-ru:r;d by fending or remitting from time to time such of the said fwu\d annuities to the ct!v of I.ondon, as a -e or shall be payable there, pursuant to the iever.d acts heretofore pafiiJ relative thereto; and towards the discharge of the iaitidt of (o much of the fevers! principal Aims heretofore borrowed upon or /ecure.i by trea-1:1 v bills, carrvii’g an interest. after the rate of three pence the day for each one hundred pound1, as shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, i:e rixuf.md fcve.i hundred and ninety; and towards p.iyninu of such yamities-at- h.tve been granted in pnrfjance of the fuiu act passed in the tv.eMV-jihh year of voiir Majffly’s reign, for tfildfi uating the ram: :; of the Ann of two lammed thouioiul pounds in the Aid act mentioned; and rdr *he d:»cl\.:gv of the

Vol. XV. ¥

'I

The thiriiclh Year of George III.

A* D. interest of four pounds p:r cnii-nn per annum) payable on thp said sum of ten 1/90. thousand pounds borrowed upon debentures carrying fuchintered, and towards the 2. P^yntcut cf va ir.iercft after the rate of three pounds ten (hillingsper centum per vmum:j on the several sums borrowed upon debentures carrying such interest, and towards the payment of the intered of the several principal Aims heretofore borrowed and now due upon, or secured by treasury bibs carrying an interest after the rate of two pence halfpenny by the day for each one hundred pounds; and towards payment of the interest of such treasury bills as may be issued in purfuar.es of this act; and that the surplus of the said duties be applied in such manner as shall be directed by parliament.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That an act passed in the thirteenth and four* Seenth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, .'in act to explain and amend an act p'ljfid in this fcjftzn cf Parliament) entitled, An act for granting annuities in manner therein provided) to such personss as fall voluntarily subscribe towards the raising a sum net exceeding the sum of tus hundred and fxlyfive thousand pound?) shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and no longer.

XX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the several principal sums so heretofore from time to time borrowed upon or secured by debentures, carrying an interest after the ntc of four pounds per centum per annum) and three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum respectively, as shall remain due and unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, which will be in the year of our lord, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and also such further or other sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of fifty thousand pounds, as UiaJl be raised or borrowed pursuant to the provisions in this act, and for which treasury bills carrying an interest not exceeding the rate of two pence halfpenny per day, for each one hundred pounds shall be issued, as shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall be well ami truly satisfied and paid unto the several and respectivo perloits, their executors, administrators, and assigns, to whom the same shall be then due, together with all interest for the fame, at the respective rates aforesaid, without any deduction, defalcation, or abatement whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That a separate and distinct account shall be kept by the proper officer and oliiccis of the duties and taxes granted hereby, or by any other act of parliament now of force in this kingdom, appropriated to particular uses; and that the commissioners of your Majesty's revenue shall return the weekly abstracte of the several collectors to the accountant-general; and that the accountant-general shall return a separate account of the several duties and taxes so appropriated, to the vice-treasurer cr vice-treasurers, Ids or their deputy or deputies; and that every collector or receiver of the said duties and taxes, do take a separate receipt for the fame when paid into your Majesty*:; treasury; which receipt the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, is and are hereby required to give accordingly.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the respective duties, rates, and impofnions hereby granted, shall be r fifed, answered, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, in like manner, five as to bonding the said duties, or any discount for prompt payment, and by such ways, means, and methods, and by such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers as are appointed, directed, and expressed in and by the said act made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling of the excise and new impcjl upen his Majesty, his heirs snd fticeeffrS) according to the bcol sf rates therein inftrUd, or by any Other law now

cf

The thirtieth Year of George III. 2

of force relative to the revenue of excile in this kingdom, as fully and eflecUtally A.D. to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, specified, 1790. »:iii enacted in this act, with like remedy 01 appeal to and for the party' ng- Chap. 1. grieved, as in and by the said att of excite, or any other law or taws of fotce, relative to the duty of excise is provided.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That whatever surplus or exceeding of the duties granted in the lull or any former feilien of parliament, appropriated to the payment of the interest of the several principal sums, annuities, and charges herein before mentioned, shall remain on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand f:\en hundred and ninety, in the hands of the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurets, icceivers, or paymafttrs-general, his or their deputy or deputies, over and above all interest, annuities, and charges payable thereout at the said time, shall be disposed of in such manner as Avail be ciire&ed by parliament.

XXIV. And whereas it is expedient to make provision for the lodes which may have accrued to individuals from debentures on treasury bills having been loll, burned, or destroyed: be it enacted, That in all cases where it shall appear by ailldavit before any of the barons of the coutt of exchequer, who shall interrogate the deponent or deponents thereupon to the satisfaction of such baron, that any treasury bills or debentures have been loft, burned, or deliroyed, before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, or that there is good reason to believe that the fame have been loll, burned or deflroved, the respective officers of the treasury appointed to make forth such treasury bills or debentures, or to pay the same, upon producing 11 certificate of any of the said barons of such affidavit or affidavits being made before him, which affidavit or affidavits any of the said barons shall take, and which certificate they shall grant without fee, and on security being given to your Majesty, your heirs or successors, to the good liking of the said officers to indemnify them ng.iinlt all other persons for the monies specified in such hills or debentures, the said officers shall at the request of the owner or owners of such bills or debentures, and with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or oilier chief governor or governors for the time being, make forth duplicates thereof, and pay and discharge the fame, together with the interest which hath accrued on the original treasury bills or debentures so loft, burned, or destroyed, and such interest as shall accrue, in the same manner as they would have paid and discharged the said original treasury bills and debentures, and the interest thereof.

XXV. And be it enacted, That if at any time hereafter any such debentures or treasury bills, which have been loll or mvllaid, shall afterwards be found, and be delivered to the officers of the treasury to be cancelled, then the set uriiy which shall have been given to indemnify fuel; officers in rvfptrcl of such debentures or treasury bills shall be void, and the fame fiaffii be given up to the person or persons who shall have entered into the same.

p

2

C 11 A I’.

Oj

The thirtieth Year of George III.

-4

A.D. 1790.

1—s~-j

CHAP. III.

An Act for the Advancement of Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succefors, the Jreeral Duties therein mentioned.

'fir.-t. fij'OR the improvement of the manufactures of this kingdom, and their proit-table export: fit* it enabled by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the several and respective customs, subsidies, and all other duties whatsoever payable to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, by any law or laws whatsoever now of force upon the exportation of any goods or merchandizes, the product cr manufacture of tills kingdom, except the alnage duties, rtiall cease, determine, and be no longer due cr payable forfo much of the find goods and merchandizes as shall be exported, except such touching which a special provision is herein after made.

II. And be it entitled, T'liat nothing herein contained shall extern!, or be construed to extend, to determine, alter, Icfien, or repeal any custom, or any other duty payable on exportation from this kingdom to any place whatsoever, of any Ikins or hides, coney hair or wool, Imre’s wool, hair of any fort, hems, horses, cr jive cattle of any fort, allies, bacon, beef, pork, butter, grease, guts, ho«*s iard, tallow, longues, bones not manufactured, flax-feed, hemp-feed, linen yarn, linen rags, or flireds, rape-cakcs, fcuper’s v/afte, or other manures, unwrought lit), weld, wax, or woad, and provisions of every fort; nor upon the exportation to any of the Tritilli plantations in America, the Y\*dl Indies, or any of the Briciflt settlements on the con 11 of Afrku, of iron and iron wares, leather, tanned, dressed, or owed, flireds, and points of leather, pelts, vellum, and parchment, soap, hep-, allum, lead, lead-ore, copperas, coals, wool, cards, white woollen cloth, hpis ca-Lmhmris, glue, and litharge of lead; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after ihe tweiuy-nirh day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no custom, subsidy or duty whatsoever, shall be payable on the export to any place whatsoever, of logwood of the growth or produce of the Britishi settlcmcuts in America, or the West Indies, provided the fame be exported in Britishi or Irish flopping, nor upon any lead-ore exported to Great Britain.

IV. And be it further cnaifled, That it shall and may he lawful for any persons or perfotis to export out of this kingdom to any place, without paying any subsidy or duty whatsoever for the fame, ml such goods or merchandizes, the product or manufacture of this kingdom, ns may be lawfully exported, other than the goods and merchandizes touching which an exception or special provil'on is made herein, nr shall be made in any other act which shall be passed this Iciliun of paviiaiuciii, so as due entry of such goods and merchandizes be first made at the Custom-house of the port where the same shall be exported; which entry shall express the quantity and quality of the respective goods so to be exported, and shall be made in ail icfpecls in the same manner as was lift'd and practised in re!peer of any goods cx*

ported

The thirtieth Year of George III. 2 5

ported before the making of this act, and so as the fame be shipped by the proper A.D. officer for that purpose, and so as the exporter do ilrfl make oath, or if a known 17^0. quaker, a solemn affirmation, before the customer, comptroller, or other chief of" Chap. 3. ficer of such port, which oath or affirmation such officer b hereby required and —v——J

empowered to administer, that such goods are of Iriili manufacture or product, and in default of performing the said requilues, or any of them, such goods and merchandizes, the product or manufacture of tuts kingdom shall he liable to the payment of duties, as if this act had never been made; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding-

V. And whereas the removing as far as may be, of all obstacles to trading in the goods and merchandizes of other countries, will tend to promote navigation,

increase shipping, and to extend the commerce of this kingdom: be it enacted,

That if any goods or commodities which have been or shall be legally imported,

shall after payment of the duties charged and payable upon the importation thereof, be again exported by any merchant or trader within three years after the importation thereof, and if due proof be m.ulc by certificate from the proper officer, of the due entry and payment of such duties, and that all other requisite* shall have been performed, which are by any law of force in this kingdom required, in cases where the moiety of the subsidy inwarJs is to be repaid, by virtue of an act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An act for settling the subsidy cf poundaget and granting a subsidy of tenagey and other sums of money unto his royal Majestyt his heirs and fuecejftrsy the same to be paid upon met chandizes imported and exported into or out of the kingdom of Ireland, awarding to the booh of rates thereunto annexed; that then the whole of the subsidy inwards, and the whole of the duties of import excile, and all other duties paid upon the importation thereof, shall, without delay, fee, or deduction, be repaid and allowed to such merchant or merchants so exporting the fame, within one month after demand thereof, save and except on the several gooJs and merchandizes touching which any provision resptcling drawbacks, is or shall be made herein, or in any other act which shall be passed this session of parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, and paid on all raw silk of whatsoever denomination, or from whatsoever country, not being of the growth or culture of any of your Majesty's colonics and plantations in America, which shall be imported into this kingdom after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, a duty of one (lulling and three pence for each pound weight thereof net, in ready money, in lieu and full satisfaction of all duties parable thereon by virtue of any law or laws heretofore made In this kingdom; and that the several and respe£Hvc allowances herein after specified, in the nature of a drawback or compensation for faiil duty, shall be given upon the exportation from hence of any maiiufaflure made in this kingdom, of silk, or silk mixed with any other material, and shall be paid to any person or persons, who at any time or times after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall really and bona fide export out of this kingdom by way of merchandize, any of the goods or commodities of the ma* nufashire of this kingdom, herein after particularly specified, that is to say, for ail ribons.and stuffs made in Ireland, of silk only, and exported, the sum of three shillings for every pound weight avoirdupois; for all silks and ribons made iu Ireland, of silk mixed with gold or silver, and exported, the sum of four shillings for every pound weight avoirdupois; for all silk (lockings, silk gloves, silk fringes, silk laces, ftitching or fewin.; fill; made in Ireland, and exported, the sum of one shilling amJ three pence for every pound weight avoirdupois; for all (lulls made ill Ireland, of silk and grogram yarn, and exported, the sum of eight pence fur every

Vol. XV. G pound

26

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

pound weight avoirdupois; for all* stuffs made in Ireland, of silk and worsted,

I jy0m and exported, the sum of six pence for every pound weight avoirdupois; for all

Cho*). *». fluff's made in Ireland, of silk mixed with incle or cotton, and exp* rted, the sum

v-----—of one drilling for every pound weight avoirdupois, ami so in proportion for any

greater or less quantities; which several and respective allowances or sums of money shall he paid and answered by the collector or other officer of the port trom whence the same shall be exported upon demand, without taking fee or reward for the fame, on oath, or in case of a known quaker, on solemn affirmation being made by the exporter before such collector or other officer of the port, which oath or affirmation such officer is hereby empowered and required to admuriiler, that the said goods are of Irish manufacture, and exported, or intended to be exported, as the case may be, and not re-landed, or intended to be re-landed in any part of Ireland, and on the exporter’s giving fulftcient security to the said collector, or other officer of the port, which security any such officer is empowered to take, in the name and to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, by bond in the penalty of the value of the goods, conditioned, that the said goods shall not be remanded, or brought on (bore again in any port or place in this kingdom: and for such part of such goods as shall be entered for or landed in Great Britain, the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, a condition of the said bond shall lie to bring a certificate in discharge thereof within six calendar months after the date of the Lid bond, which certificate shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of your Majesty's culloms there, and for want of such officers residing in any of the said islands, then by the governor of those islands, or by the deputy governors thereof respectively, and for such of the said goods as shall be entered for, or 1 mded in any of your Majesty's plantations in America, or in the Britisht dominions in the West Indie'!, or the British settlements on the coall of Africa, a condition of the bond shall be to bring a certificate within eighteen months after tin* date of such bond, signed by the officer or officers usually signing certificates of a like nature there, impelling that such goods were landed, and testifying ths landing thereof; ami for such silk.-, stuffs, or other nianufaclures as aforesaid, as (1 ail he In entered for any foreign pm or place, a condition of the bond shall be to bring a certificate under the common leal of the chief mngiftrnte in such port or place, or under the hands and fcals of two known Britishl merchants then being at inch port or place, that such liiks or ether manufndlures were there landed; which certificates shall respectively teflifv that such goods were landed at the places from whence such certificates shall have been given, and when produced and duly proved, shall respectively be a full and sufficient discharge for such bonds so rdpedively entered into; or iu case such goods were taken by enemies, or pe-rished in the fcas, such bonds shall be discharged, upon satisfaclorv proof thereof bring nude before the commissioners of the revenue for the time being, or any three or move of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective allowances tijvm lilk manufacture, and manufacture of silk mixed, shall and maybe paid by the collector or other officer of the port, out of any monies in his hands arising >u: of any of the culloms, excise, or additional duties granted to your Majesty, and no: appropriated to any particular purpose; and that the money so paid shall be allowed in his at counts as so much paid to your Majesty, and he shall bedif-charged therefrom accordingly.

Vill. And for better preventing fl uids on the entering of any such goods under a wrong denomination, to the prejudice of your Majesty's revenue: be it further enacted, 'l Irat it shall and may be lawful for any searcher, or any proper officer of the revenue, at any time after the entry of any of such goods, and before or after Uic flopping thereof, to open and examine every bale, truss, chest, or other

package;

The thirtieth Year of George III.

27

package; anil if on such examination the goods shall be found to be rightly entered, the officer shall at Ins own charge c.tufe the same to be re-packed to the satisfaction of the exporter, v.’hirh charge shall be allowed to Inch officer by the commissioners of the revenue, if they Sh.ili tldrd: it reafotuble; but in case such officer shall fu\i such gnoJ>, or any part thereof, to have been entered under a wrong denomination, whereby your Majesty might have been defrauded in the allowance to be paid on the exportation of such good , contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, all such goods so falsely entered, shall and may be seized, and shall be forfeited, and the pci (bn or persons making or causing such falie entry to be made, fhJl forfeit double the value of such goods.

IX. Provided always, That the said allowances Oio.ll not be demanded or made for any of such manufactures of silk mixed with gold and silver, where they are only mixed at the edges or ends of the pieces, nor for any of such manufactures of silk mixed with other materials, unless two-thirds at lead of the ends or threads of the warp be all silk, or mixed or twilled with fill; in the warp, so that such silk shall be apparent, nor unless the silk therein used, shall be at the lead double the value of the allowance intended to be obtained on the exportation thereof; and if any doubt shall arise whether such goods or manufactures were made in Ireland, or touching the quality of such goods or mamif.i£!ures, the proof shall lie on the exporter, claimer, or owner thereof, and not on the officer.

X. And whereas such part of the trade between tins kingdom and the Bvitiflt colonies in America and the West Indies, and the luitish settlements on the coast of Africa, as was not enjoyed by this kingdom previous to the twciuy-fifth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, can be enjoyed and have continuance so long and in such respective cases only, as the goods or any of them to be imported from the said colonies, plantations, or settlcmcms into this kingdom, or to be exported from this kingdom to the said colonies, plantations, or settlcmcms, shall be liable to equal duties and drawbacks, and be subject to the fame securities, regulations, and restrictions, as the like goods arc liable and subject to, upon being imported from the said colonies, plantations, or settlements ;nto Great Britain, or exported from thence to such colonies or settlements respectively: bs it therefore enacted for the advancement of the said trade, and as a further supply to your Majesty, That there shall be raised,levied, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and succestors, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, the fever.il duties following, that is to say, for and upon the several articles of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the British plantations in America, or the West Indies, mentioned in the sche-dtile hereunto annexed, and marked, (Kc. 1.) which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, from thence or from Great Britain, the several duties therein respectively mentioned, upon the rfpecrlve quantities contained and expressed in the said schedule, audio in proportion for any greater Grief* quantity, and upon the exportation during the rime ufcrcfii !, of the fevers! goods, wares, and merchandize of the growth, product, or mnnuf.tfture of this kingdom, mentioned in the said khcdule, to any of the said I’ritilb colonies or plantations, the several duties in the f.iid schedule also r.-spectively mentioned; which said fcrcral duties shall be in lieu am! full f.uisfaclion cf ail customs, subsidies, and duties vhntsoever, payable upon thef.iidftvcr.il articles by virtue of any law or laws heretofore made in this kingdom, and shall he fivcully paid down in ready money net, without any d'-ferunt or allowance whatever.

XI. And be it further eiu’cled, That the several drawbacks mentioned in ihc said sch'-tieie, shall be allowed and paid on the several and respective articles in the

G 2 said

A.D.

*790*

Chap.

28 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

find schedule mentioned, to any merchant or trader duly exporting the fame, within 1790. three years after the importation thereof, according to the respective quantities con-

Chap. 3. ^"led and expressed in the said schedule, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, upon due proof being first made of the payment of the duties on import in the said schedule mentioned, in the manner usually pra&ifed for obtaining drawbacks: and for the better avoiding all doubts and controversies concerning the several kinds of hides and Ildus, and pieces of hides and /kins chargeable by this act, and what shall be deemed and taken to be liaif-dressed buck or deer Ikins: be it declared, That by tanned hides or /kins, or pieces of tanned hides or/kins, is meant only such as are tanned in ooze made of the bark of trees or funiack, or whereof the principal ingredients shall be bark or fumack, and that by hides and Ikins dressed in oil, or pieces of hides and /kins dreil'.-d in oil, is meant such as are made into leather in oil, or with any liquor or material whereof the chief ingredient shall be oil, and that by tawed hides or /kins, or by pieces of tawed hides or /kins, is meant such as are dressed or made into leather inallum or.salt,.or meal, or other ingredients, properly used by tawers of white leather, and that by half-dressed buck or deer Ikins, is meant such as have been usually.imported into this kingdom under that denomination, and which have undergone no other operation or dre/Ttng than that of taking o/T the hair.

XII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, the several additional duties following, that is to say, for and upon the foreign spirits in the schedule hereunto annexed and marked (No. 2.) which shall, during the time aforesaid, be exported from this kingdom to any Britishi colony or plantations in America, or the West Indies, or to any British settlement on the coast of Africa, the several duties in the said schedule respectively mentioned for every gallon thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective drawbacks mentioned in the several fclicduks hereunto annexed, marked (No. 3,4, 5, 6, 7, 8,- 9, 10,) respectively, shall be allowed and paid to any merchant or trader duly exporting the several wines in the said schedules respectively mentioned to the several parts or places in the said schedule respectively mentioned, for every ton of such wines, and-so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, upon du£ proof being first made of the payment of the duties on import of such wines in the manner usually practised lor obtaining drawbacks.

XIV. And be it further cnaftcJ, That the several duties following, shall be raised, answered, levied, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, that is to say, for and upon all speckle-wood of the growth of Africa, which shall be imported from thence during the time aforesaid, a duty of four shillings and nine pence and five-twelfthsof one penny for everyone hundred weight, ami if imported from Great Britain, a duty of four shillings and five pence and one-twelfth of a penny, and so in proportion fer any greater or less quantity; lor and upon all beavers /kins of the produce of your Majesty's dominions in America, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, a duty of nine shillings and one-third of a penny for every five score /kins, and so in proportion for any greater or less number; and for and upon all beaver wool cut and combed, the produce and nianufacturs of the fame plantations, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, a duty of seventeen shillings and ten pence one halfpenny for every pound weight thereof, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantities.

The thirtieth Year of George III. 29

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the fail! fovernl duties A* 13* and drawbacks, shall be in lieu and full satisfaction of all duties and drawbacks j ~OQ. whatsoever payable on the said several articles by any law or laws heretofore made (ftiap- $ »n this kingdom, and that the said fever.il duties shall be paid down in ready money — net, without any eifeount or allowance whatfeewr.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand firven hundred and ninety, no duty, iubfidv, or custom shall be paid on the importation into this kingdom of any of the articles following, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding, that is to say, wood called ebony, being the growth or product of Africa, imported directly from thence, or from Great Britain, provided the same shall be uiun.mufiic\ured; nlfo wood, plank, wrought timber, except mails, yards, or bowsprits, timber unwrought, or lumber, the growth or product of America or the West Indies, am! imported directly from thence, or from Great Britain, cotton wool, indigo, cochineal, Brazil or Pernambuco wood, Bruzillctto or Jamaica wood, logwood, Nicarago, red or Guinea wood, Sapan wood, mahogany, or other wood, the product of any part of America, or the West Indies, and alt woods for dyer s «fe imported from any place whatsoever, except speckle wood of the growth of Africa; all whale fins or train oil, or blubber, the produce of whales taken or caught in any part of the ocean by, and imported in any ship or vessel built in and belonging to your Majesty's subjects in this kingdom, Great Britain, Guerafry, Jersey, or the Me of Man, and navigated according to law; all raw and undressed goat skins imported in such British or Irish ships, navigated as aforesaid, from any port or place whatlo-ever; all raw uid undressed foal skins, taken by the crews of vessels belonging to and fitted out rrom tlus kingdom, or from Great Britain, Jersey, CHcrnfcy, or M.m, and navigated according to law 5 all raw tiik of the growth or culture of your Majesty's colonics and plantations in America , piger bar iron made and imported from America or Great Britain; sago powder or vermicelli imported from America or Great Britain, being the produce of America \ rnw or undressed hides of (leers, cows, or other cattle whatsoever, except of horses, mares, or geldings, from Great Britain or America, being the produce of America j ami a! undressed hemp or flax, and grain, tin, from any place whatsoever; any law, future or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVTL Provided always, That due entries be first made of such articles respectively at the respective times of importation as pratflifed heretofore} and that the fame be landed in the presence of the proper officer, or on failure thereof, all such articles shall be liable to the payment of duty, if of the growth cr product of your Majesty's colonics in America or the West Indies, according to the rates in the schcdu'.e (Mb. 1.) herein before mentioned; but if not of the growth or produ£k of the said colonies, then to pay duty as if this a cl had never been made.

XVIII. Provided also, That the captain or person having the charge or command of the ship or vessel importing such seal skins, do make oath before the c*tl-le£lor, or other principal officer at the port of importation, who is hereby required and authorized to administer the same, that the fcul ikins imported therein are really and bm-.i fide the Ikins of seals taken and caught by the crew, or by persons employed by the master or owner of such ship or vessel, and on failure thereof such skins shall be liable to the payment of the duty in the said scheJulc (No. 1 ) mentioned.

XIX. Provided also, That the master, commander, or other person taking charge of any ship or vessel importing such raw (ilk, do deliver to the collector or other chief officer of the port of importation at cr before entry of fuJi fi I;, such certificate as any matter, commander, or any other person would or ought

to

The thirtieth Year of George III.

<o have received at the port where any such raw silk was put on board, in order to entitle him to land the fame duty free in Great Britain, and do also make oath, or if a known quaker, a solemn affirmation, (which oath or affirmation the find collector or oilier -chief officer is hereby empowered and required to administer) that the bales, parcels, and goods contained in such certificates are the fame which were taken on board in the said countries respectively, and on failure of performing any of the said requilites, all such raw silk shall be liable to the payment of the duty payable on silk, not being of the growth or product of the said colonies and plantations.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, make or cause to be made any entry or entries of any raw silk, under the name or description of raw silk of the growth or'culture of your Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, not being of such growth or culture, or shall mix or cause to be mixed any such raw silk, with raw silk of the growth or culture of the said colonies or plantations, in order to evade the duties payable on raw silk of the growth or culture of countries, other than the aforesaid colonics or plantations, every person so making or causing to be made such entry or entries, or mixing or causing such mixture or mixtures to be made, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence, and also all such raw silk 5 and in cafc. of any mixture, the quantity so mixed, together with the value thereof, as also the packages containing the same shall be forfeited.

XXI. Provided always, That if any doubt shall arise whether such raw silk* or any part thereof, be of the growth or culture of the said colonies or plantations in America, the proof shall lie on the owner cr claimer thereof, and not on the informer or prosecutor.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from rnd after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, all duties whatsoever paid on the importation of any callicoes or muffins, shall be fully drawn back and repaid on due exportation to any Britishi settlement on the coall of Africa, and if such calhco or muffins be exported to Africa, without having keen printed, flamed, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, the exporter shall be paid over and above the said duties, after the rate of two pounds three shillings and four pence, for every hundred pounds, true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which such-goods shall have been publickly sold at the East India company’s Tales, and so in proportion for any greater or less value, and if such callicoes or muffins be exported to any Bririfli plantation in America, or the West Indies, without having been printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, so much of the duties paid on the importation, shall be retained as shall amount to two pounds nineteen shillings and seven pence upon every such one hundred pounds true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been publickly sold at the East India company’s sales, and so in proportion for any greater or less value; and if such callicoes or muslins shall have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, and shall be exported to the British plantations in America, or the West Indies, so much of the duties paid on importation, shall be retained as shall amount to five pounds two shillings and eleven pence upon every one hundred pounds true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been publickly sold at the East India company’s sales, and so in proportion for any greater or less value.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That on the exportation of tea to any Britishi colony or plantation In America, or the West Indies, within three years from the impor, tation thereof, the exporter shall receive a drawback of the whole of the duties pud upon the importation thereof, and on the exportation of tea to any Britishi

settlement

2/5c thirtieth i*ear of George III. 3i

settlement on the coast of Africa, so much or the duties paid upon the impor- D. tation shall be retained, as Hull amount to thirteen pounds ten shillings and ten 1790. pence, upon every one hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, ac- Chap. cording to the gross price at which such tea shall h.ive been publickly sold at the East India company’s Tales, and if the duties paid on the importation of such teas do not amount to the said sum of thirteen pounds ten shillings and ten pence for every such one hundred pounds value, the exporters thereof shall pay a duty, which with the duties paid upon the importation shall amount to the said sum of thirteen pounds ten shillings and ten pence, for every such one hundred pounds value.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the said drawbacks shall be paid and fattsfied by the several co’l-.-stors of the ports of exportation out of any money un-appropriated, aiding out of any aids or duties by them collected, in the same manner, and subject to the fame regulations as is or are usually observed in cases of drawbacks.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the several duties following be raiftd, levied, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, on the fcviral articles following, which shall be exported from this kingdom from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, that is to say, for and upon all cotton wool of the growth or produce of America, or the West Indies, so exported in any other shipping than Critish or Irish shipping navigated according to law, the sum of five pounds nineteen shillings and two pence for every one hundred pounds value thereof, to be certified by the oath or affirmation of the person exporting the fame, and so in proportion for any greater or less value; for and upon all beaver wool or wombs that shall have been imported from your Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, and which shall be afterward*, exported from this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the sum of nine pounds and six pence, and two thirds of one penny, for every five score pounds weight thereof, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity} for and upon any piece of white woollen cloth called broad doth, of the manufacture of Ireland, which shall be exported during the time aforesaid to any British colony or plantations In America, or the West Indies, the sum of five shillings and eleven pence halfpenny, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; the said several duties to be paid down in ready money net, without any discount or allowance whatsoever, and to be in lieu and full satisfaction of all other duties now payable on the exportation of such articles, by virtue of any act or acts now of force, except the alnage duty on such white woollen cloth.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That all goods and commodities of the growth, pro-dust, or manufacture of any part of Europe, except Great Britain; and all goods and commodities of the growth, product, or manufacture of the East Indies, or other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, or any other country whatsoever, except Great Britain) which have been or shall be legally imported into this kingdom, from any place except Great Britain, and shall be exported from hence to any British plantation in America, or the West Indies, or any British settlement on the coast of Africa, between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, shall draw back so much of the duties paid on the importation as shall leave the remainder equal to the amount of the duties retained in Great Britain, on goods of like quality and quantity exported from thence to any of the said colonies, plantations) or settlements; and if the duties paid on the importation of any such goads or merchandizes into this kingdom, shall be equal to the duties so retained in Cre3t Britain, then and in every such case such goods H 2 shall

3 2 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

shall not receive any drawback on their exportation as aforesaid; and if the duties 1790. P^d On the importation of any such goods, shall not be equal to the duties rc-

Chap 3 tained in Great Britain, then and in every such case such goods shall not only not receive any drawbacks on their export 25 aforesaid, but shall pay such duty on being so exported, as together with the duty paid on their importation, shall equal the duty so retained in Great Britain.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners of your Majesty's revenue shall form, or cause to he formed, one or more table or tables, schedule or schedules, with all convenient fpced, of the fever.il drawbacks so to be allowed, and duties so to be paid on the export from this kingdom, of such of the said last mentioned goods and commodities as are not contained in any of the said schedules, of the growth, product, or manufacture of any part of Europe, except Great Britain, or of the East Indies, or other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, or any other country whatsoever, to any of the Britishi colonies in America or the West Indies, or any Britishi settlements on the coall of Africa, ami that so soon as such tables or schedules, or any of them, shall be formed, they shall be signed by four of the said commUTtoners at lea It, and that from and after the day whereon such tables or schedules shall be so signed, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand fjvcn hundred and ninety-one, the several drawbacks shall be allowed, and duties paid as respectively mentioned therein, upon the export as aforesaid, of the several goods therein mentioned, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were specifically enacted and enumerated in this present act, any law, statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding, and subject to the like remedies, regulations, and rt'ftriflions, as any dudes imposed, or drawbacks allowed by this act, 3re made subject unto, and that a duplicate of every such table or schedule, signed likewise in manner aforesaid, shall be at the same time depo-lited with the clerk of the house of commons, to be by him laid before the said house the next session of parliament.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners in every case where the duties retained in this kingdom cannot be equalized with the duties retained in Great Britain, upon such export ;>s aforesaid, of any particular articles, unless the whole or part of the duties paid on import thereof, be drawn hack, ami a duty be imposed on the export thereof, to specify in the table or tables, schedule or schedules containing such articles, what amount of duty shall be drawn back, and what amount of duty shall be iniposed thereon; in every which case the drawback so to be allowed, shall be admitted and credited to the exporter in the payment of the duty so imposed.

XXIX. Provided also, That nothing contained in any such table or schedule shall impose any condition or reduction upon, or assess either with duty or drawback by virtue of this act, any goods, wares, or merchandizes which might be legally exported from this kingdom to any of the said colonies, plantations, or settlements, prior to the twenty-fifth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, nor shall any thing contained in any such table or schedule extend, or be construed to extend thereto.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all commodities whatsoever, which shall be imported into this kingdom from Scotland, shall be chargeable with, and pay the same duties, and no more, as commodities of a like nature imported from England are chargeable with, and liable to pay.

XXXI. And be it further cnatled, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, all goods imported from, and exported to any British settlement on the coast of Africa, shall pay like duties and receive like drawbacks and allowances, and be subject to the fame regulations, and entitled to the fame benefits as goods of the fame nature imported from, or exported

The thirtieth Year of George III.

ported to any of the British colonits in America shall be chargeable with, liable or entitled to by virtue of this act, except v.here it is otherwif^fpccsfically provided herein, or shall be otherwise declared or mentioned in the tables or schc-dules to be formed ns aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the proper officer or officers do keep a hp,irate and distinrt account of the fever.tl articles which shall be exported or imported, whereon the hereditary duties are or be charged, altered, removed, tr drawn back by this or Pity ether act or acts nude or to be made in this session of parliament, and that he or they do regularly enter what these hereditary duties would amount to on such articles so imported or exported, if the fame were to have continued payable thereon; and that so much of the money arising from the said ii.ver.il aids and duties imposed by this puTtnt art, or by any other act or acts passed or n be passed this session of parliament, as the said hereditary duties would have so amounted to, shall be regularly and duly placed to the account of your Mnjudy’b hereditary revenue.

XXXUh And be it further enacted, That all and fmgulnr the duties, r.-.tes, and impositions hereby granted, shall be raised, answered, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs ami successors, during the time aforesaid, in like manner, except as to bonding tite fame, or any discount for prompt payment, and all and every the fines, penalties and forfnluves inflirted by this art, other than and except such as are by this art otherwif, provided for, liiall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, ana applied in such manner and form, and by such means and ways, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed, in and by an art of parliament made in tins kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, At: iul Jlf the settling of the ewife, or nciu impifl nfKit his Majesty^ hi) heirs uttd jut-cejfsrsy oee:rdin% to the lock cf rates therein vtfrttd; as fully and elk dually to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, and expressed, and rc-eiurte<l in this art, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties who shall think hint, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said art of excise is provided.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid several schedules be deemed and taken to be a part of this art to all intents and purposes.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That neither the six pence per pound, nor any other fee shall be payable to, or be deducted or received by the vice-treasurer, receiver, or paymaster-general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom for their own use, for or on account of the issuing oi payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of the aids hereby granted to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this art, but that the fame Hull be received and duly accounted for to your Majesty, your heirs and successors.

I

oCUEDULK,

"T3 VO

Oa

SCHEDULE, (No. i.)

A SCHEDULE of the net Duties payable upon the Importation into this Kingdom of the several Articles following, of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the British Plantations in America or the TT^eJi Indies, whether imported directly from the said Plantations, or from Great Britain, and the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom, also the Net Duties payable on the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of this Kingdom to the said BritiJfj Plantations.

SKINS and FURS, Viz. Duty on Importation born shnerica or tlu* H'eji Indict. Duty on Importation from Great Britain, ami Drawback oil Exportation.

ARM1N, or ERMIN SKINS undreflid, the Timber containing 40 Skins . 1. s. d. IX 11 ]. s. d. IO IO

BADGER SKINS undressed, the FUrce — 7-nr 6i

BEAR SKINS, White, undressed, the Piece — — —: 11 11 IO IO

REAR

The thirtieth Year of George III.

I,

BEAR SKINS of any ether Colour, undressed, the Piece —

BEAVER WOMBS, the-Piece —

BUCK or DEER SKINS, undressed, and BUCK and DEER SKINS, Indian

half-dressed, the Skin — 5

CALABAR SKINS tawed, the Timber containing 40 Skins —

CALABAR SKINS untawed or undressed, the Timber containing 40 Skins -

CALVE SKINS tanned, the Pound —

CAT SKINS, undressed, the Hundred Skins —

CONEY SKINS, the Dozen —

DEER SKINS, vide BUCK SKINS

DOG FISH SKINS, undressed, the Dozen ——

DOG SKINS, undressed, the Piece ——

s. d.

5 1 'i

5lf

2 i

2 5*

1 it*

4f

it it

3i4

a

s. d.

5 5

2ir

2 2

1 9r

10 10

3*

r io|

2*

ELK

1

9«

--I T3 VO -

V P

fed

<-a

The. thirtieth, Year of George III.

ELK SKINS, ihe Skin ——

ERMIN, vide ARMIN

FISHER SKINS undressed, the Piece

FITCHES undressed, the Timber containing 40 Skins —

FOX SKINS, black, undressed, the Skin —

FOX SKINS, of all other Sorts, undressed, the Skin -

GOAT SKINS, tanned, the Dozen ——

HARE SKINS, undressed, the 120 Skins —

HUSSE SKINS, undressed, the Skin —

KID SKINS, dressed, the Hundred containing 5 Score -

ICID SKINS, in the Hair, the Hundred containing 5 Score

LAMB SKINS, undressed, in the Wool, the 120 -

I. AME SKINS, dressed in Alum, the Hundred containing 5 Score

i A.D. T79°- Chap. 3.

s. d. 1. 5. d.

45 4i

I 5l I 4*

3 3

19 7 2 14. z

4? 4i

1 8

Hre i°s

zi

69? 12 zi

IOT 6 9i

2 ii-J 2 CO

>5 6 , 5

The thirtieth Year of George III.

LAMB SKINS, drcflrd in Oil, the Hundred containing: 5 Scoie —

SLINK LAMB SKINS, undressed, in the Wool, the 120 —

LEOPARD SKINS, undressed, the Piece -

LION SKINS, undressed, the Piece -

MAPvTINS or MARTRONS, undressed, the Timber containing 40 Skins MARTINS or MARTRONS TAILS, undressed, die 120 —

MINK SKINS, tawed, the Timber containing 40 Skins -

MINK SKINS, untawed or undressed, the Timber containing 40 Skins

MOLESKINS, undressed, the Pozen ——

MOOSE SKINS, undressed, the Piece ——

MUSQUASH SKINS, undressed, the Hundred Skins —

OTTER SKINS, undressed, the Piece -

I. s. d. 1 I. s. d.

2 3 s^. 1 3 5?

I si r 4*

7 5r-j 6 95

2 > i; 2 8i

2 1 y 7 214 2

11 11 10 10

1 3 10 1 1 8

17 1 oi- 16 3

2s-

2 I l-.f 2 8*

14 io| 13 6*

6/v ' 4t

OUNCE

O

er *-« p *>0 *T3 O

o

Co

SJ

The thirtieth Year of George III.

OUNCE SKINS, un.irciTed, the Piece -

PANTHER SKINS, undressed, the Piece —

PELTS of GOATS, drcff.*d, ihc Dozen —-

PELTS of GOATS, undressed, the Dozen —

PELTS, of all other Sorts, undressed, the Hundred RACOON SKINS, undressed, t!ie 100 Skins ——

SABLES, undressed, the Timber eorraining 40 Skins SABLES TAILS, or TIPS of SABLE, undressed, the Piece SHEEP SKINS, undressed, in the Wool, the Dozen M-IEEP SKINS, dressed in Oil, the Dozen SHEEP SKINS, otherwise dressed, the Dozen SQUiRRELL SKINS, undressed, vide Calabar Skins

n

v~l

o

y - > to

* OG

Os>

s. d. J. 5. d.

3 i 3 4?

5 II'- 5 5

2 1 1 3" 2 8J

I 5s- I 4i

8 I 1 V 8 i I

'4 io£ 2 3 H

i 898 2 6

7i-ff 6j

9i

5 ii 2 S V

a C Jt 1 Six

a

't

o

n>

o

c3

CD

swa'nt

SWAN SKINS, tuidiefled, the Piece -

TYGER SKINS, undressed, the Piste -

WEASEL SKINS, itndidTtl, the 120 -

WOLF SKINS, tawed, the Piece ——

WOLF SKINS, untawed or undrtlTed, the Piece -

WOLVERINGS, undretTld, the Skin ——

["COW or OX HIDES, tanned, the Pound ——

|ELK, vide SKINS ——

I Of HORSES, MARES or GELDINGS, in the Hair, the Piece J

- tanned, Vie Pound -

INDIAN HIDES, undtelTecl, the Piece ——

ILOSH HIDES, the Pound ——

W

Q

a

s. d. I. s. d.

"i-i lctr

i if a 84

"ri >°s S~-

8 ' >-i- 8 ii 0-

6 io]. 6 2j SS*

3 9i <TJ 3 4r C3^>

"t

9f o rt>

sU cr3 Q

i 3r r li* >—i

I of h-i

1 wy GUM

J W v| ^C'O

I; p a

u*

i

o

GUM ARABIC or GUM SENEGA, the Hundred Weight COTTON WOOL.

INDIGO,

MOLASSES, tile Hundred Weight —

PITCH, h

> The lath containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 313 Gallons

EAR, 3

f6 Inches in Diameter, and under 8 Inches, the Mad --

MASTS, <| 8 Inches in Diameter, and under 12 Inches, the Malt -

L 1 2 Inches in Diameter, and upwards, the Mall —

YARDS and BOWSPRITS to pay as Malls —

TURPENTINE, the Hundred Weight —

IRON, unwiought, the Ton, free

a. <1

61

3 3

it 11

I 2$.

3 7t 7 2?

a ci

2 of

IO

1

3 4 nr

6

I 74

RICE,

The thirtieth Year of George III.

RICE, the Hundred Weight containing i iall>, GINGER, the Hundred Weight containing M2.ll>. PIAMENTO, the Pound —

POTT ASHES, ) Imported, with proper Certificates, free PEARL ASHES,i 'But on Failure thereof, the Hundred Weight

HOPS, the Hundred Weight ——

COPPER ORE, the Hundred Weight -

RAW SILK, imported with proper Certificates, free BEAVER WOOL free ——

cut and;combed, the Pound

I. 3. a.

1 111

I I a

3.V

2 5\-

6 8 8!

9i

>7 J°i

'a

5-

7 PI

o.

Si

Q

a

O

cS

n>

BRAZIL

o C" M

» --0

O, P a

U

p.

to

f BRAZIL or FERNAMBUCK WOOD, f.»r Dyer’s Use, the Kim--]|drrd Weight — 5 j

W OOD,*!

BRAZlI.LETTOnr JAMAICA WOOD, Dr DjoVUlr, t dree! Weight ——

FUSTICK, for Dyer’s Use, the Hundred Weight --

LOGWOOD, for Dyer's Ufu, lire Hundred Weight —

NICARAGUA WOOD, for Dyer’s Use, the Hundred Wei;

I

t I !ur.- > j

i

i

i

ht

RED or GUINEA WOOD, for Dyer’s Use-, the Hundred W- ight WOOD, for Dyer’s Use, not otherwise rated, the Hundred Weight, L But if regularly importeei, entered, and landed, Duty free

s. d.

6 3i-

3 io,h

o.,5

t i it

1 5t

3 6 ,’T

1. s. d.

3

o

ro

O

Cr3

rt>

TRAIN

TRAIN OIL, or BLUBBER, or FISH OIL, ot British' or Irish Fishing, K'vz.

Of Greenland, and Parfs adj leent, die Ton containing 2jr. G.ilf. ns -

Of Greenland, and Farts adjacent, taken by any Shipping belonging to His Majesty's Cel nies or Plantations, and imported in such Shipping, the Ton J containing 252 Gallons - —'— *-_

Of Greenland, and Parts adjacent, taken by any Shipping bek nging to His' Majest) ’s Colonies or Plantations, and imported in Shipping belonging to'-Great Britain or Ireland, the Ton containing 252 Gallons ——

Of Newfoundland, and like Sort, the Ton containing 252 Gallon*

n

:i

p

! 1. a. d.

Of Newfoundland, and like Sun, taken by Shipping belonging to any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, and imported in fuel'. Shipping, the Ton containing 252 Gallons ——* ——

14 4-1-

1

Of Newfoundland, and like Sort, taken by Shipping, belonging to any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, and imported in Shipping belonging to Great Britain-or Ireland, the Ton containing 252 Gallons ——

Oil head Matter, or other produce of Whales, or oilier Creatures living in the j Seas, taken and caught in any part of the Ocean by the Crew of any Ship or j

Vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or j

Man, wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects ufunlly residing therein reflectively, may on Importation be.admitted to Entry, and landed without Payment of any Duty whatever ——

8H

d.

«i o*

9* vlr

WMAIT

The thirtieth Year of George III.

as; -

WHALE FINS, Fix.

Of Eiitish or Irish filliing imported in Ships b-Umging to any of [lis M j

Colonies or Plantations, the Ton containing Twenty Hundredweight

Of British or liifh Hilling imported in Shipping belonging to Great Ihitain or IicUtnd, the Ton containing Twenty Hundred "Weight -

d.

7

9

FINS of WHALES taken and caught in any pirt of the Ocean by the Crew of any Ship or Vessel built in GieatB.itain, Ireland, or the Klnnds of Gueinlcy Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by His Mujvfty’s Subjects usually refilling therein respectively, are upon Importation to H admitted to Entry, and landed without payment of any Duty whatever.

1. i- d.

i 12 6

t 6

OUTWARDS.

D

L9P

The thirtieth Year s/" George III.

Q.

"3 O O

C\

OUTWARDS.

HIDES, CALVE SKIMS, KIP SKIMS, Tanned or Tawed, and not clressed in Oil, and Sheep Skins tanned for Gloves, or Enfil, tile Hundred Weight J

HIDES drafted in Oil, the Hundred Weight

SKINS, Fix.

- j T 8 a i

--|2 IO.J

CALVE SKINS drelTed in Oil, the Hundred Weight -

BLACK CONEY SKINS, with or without Silver Hair, for every 6 Score Skins GOAT SKINS tawed, Ihe Hundred containing 6 Score Skins -

GOAT

"The thirtieth Year of George III.

GOAT SKINS tanned with Sumach, to For every 6 S. ore Skins rcfcmble Spanish Leather For every Pound Weight'

f The Hundred containing 6 Score

LAMB SKINS,

J f Tawed, and not rann d ordreffLl in Oil, the Mundied Weight

| And bduir.s if \ Tanned for Gloves or llafil, the Hundred Weight -

(. Drafted in Oil,

the Hundied Weight

r Tawed, and not tanned or d re (led in Oil, the Hundred Weight

r

LDrafted in Oil, the Hundred Weight

fHEEP SKINS, J Tanned for Roans, and not drafted in Oil, the Hundred Weight

PELTS, the Hundred containing 5 Score < ——

All Pieces or Parts of SKINS tawed or tanned, and not drolled in Oil, for ever)' Twenty Shillings Value thereof on Oath -

s.

10 o 4?

1 -

4 2i

5 °i

IO H

9<

7 V

' O

-t-

vr

The thirtieth Year of George IIIr

jfi

I*

CO

a

1.

All Pieces or Parts of SKINS a rolled in Oil, for every Twenty Shillings Value thereof on Oath -

And Ixftdts, the Hundred Weight ——

PUR, called GREY RABBIT PUR, or CONEY HAIR, the IVuad ——

KIDS HAIR, for every Twenty Shillings Value thereof on Oath - 1

PARCHMENT, the Dozen ——

VELLUM, the Dozen -

I

LAPIS CAI.AMINARIS, the Ton j

P. d.

6 2?

1 o

1 7*

3 3

2 2

SCHEDUL R

The thirtieth Year of George III.

o

A.

S' C H E D U L E, No.

A SCHEDULE of the Additional Duties to be paid per Gallon, on the Exportation of Foreign Spirits to the British Plantations in Afnerica or Africa, over and above the Duty paid on the Importation thereof.

For every Gallon of Single Rum or Spirits of llic Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations —

Fo: ever) C. l!"ui.r fiing] Brandy, or Geneva, or Foreign Ru m.

For every Gallon ut Cu.j;F W-r-.-r, Strong Water, or other Spirits, Single ——

For every Gallon of Rum or Spirits, of the British Colonies or Plantations above Proof, so much in

Addition to the Duties paid on Import as will amount in the Whole to----- )

For every Gallon of Brandy, Geneva, or Foreign Rum above Proof, so much in Addition to the Duties j paid on Import, as will amount in the Whole to }

For every Gallon of Cordial Water, Strong Water, or other Spirits, above Proof, so much in Addition i 1 to the Duties paid on Import, as will amount in the Whole to )

S C PI E D U L E,

cl. a

r ’ A r.'

1 *'

S /,; WO

a r>

1 c/r O

03

O x >—H

Q , > oi

IS ' ®

4, -° p

SCHEDULE, No. 3.

A SCHEDULE of the Drawbacks upon every Ton of French Wine, exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in America and the hVeJl Indies, according as the lame has been imported by Wholesale Merchants for Sale, Filled or Unfilled, having been STT imported in JBritish, Irish, or Foreign Shipping, if regularly exported within Three Years after the Importation thereof: ‘The laid Drawbacks to be in Lien and full Satisfaction of all Drawbacks.

Having been imported in British or Irish Shipping. J Having been imported in Foreign Shipping. j Filled. j Unfilled.

Filled. Unfilled.

1. s. d. 2oihs. 3r 4 6 4 1. s. d. 2o?hs. 28 l6 2 12 1. s. d. aoths. 27 18 0 4 1. s. d 20ths. 25 7 3

SCI1 EDULE,

Cl

Cw

O

cn

o

SCHEDULE, No. 4.

A SCHEDULE of the Drawbacks upon every Ton of French Wine, exported to the Frltish Settlements on the Coall; of Africa, according as the fame has been imported by Wholesale Merchants for Sale, Filled or Unfilled, having been imported in 1'iritiflj, 3 Irifij, or Foreign Shipping, if regularly exported within Three Years after the Importation thereof: The said Drawbacks to be in Eieu and full Satisfaction of all other Drawbacks.

Having been imported in British or Irish Shipping. Having been imported in Foreign Shipping.

Filled. j Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

!. s. d. aoths, ! ]. s. d. 20ths. 1. s. d. aoths. 1. s. d. 2ochs.

16 13 7 14 j 14 5 4 a 37* ‘4 10 16 4 14

SCHEDULE,

blrtieth Year of George III.

C_n

h>

SCHEDULE, No.

A SCHEDULE of the Drawbacks upon every Ton of Hhenijls, Germany, or Hungary Wine, exported to the JBriti/J.> Plantations or Colonies in Hmerica, or the TV'eft Indies, according- as the fame has been imported by Wholesale Merchants for Sale, Filled or Unfilled, in JBritish, Irish, or Foreign Shipping, if regularly exported within Three Years after the Importation thereof: The said Drawbacks to be in Lieu and Satisfaction of all Drawbacks.

Having been imported in British or Irish Shipping. Having been imported in Unvign snipping.

Filled. Unfilled. Pilled. Unfilled.

1. s. d. 2orhs. ]. s. d. 2oths. I. s. d. 2oths. 1. S. d. 20ths.

I 2 O 14? 23 39S-A 2 2 12 6 14-J 20 1 19A

SCHEDULE,

The thirtieth Year of George III.

SCHE D U L E, No. 6.

A SCHEDULE of the Drawbacks upon every Ton of Rhen'tjh, Germany, or Hungary Wine, exported to the lh-hish Settlements on the Coast of slfrlca, according as the lame has been imported by Wholesale Merchants for Sale, Eillc-d or Unfilled, in British, Irish, or Foreign Shipping, if regularly exported within Three Years after the Importation thereof: The said Drawbacks to be in Lieu and Satisfaction of all Drawbacks.

Having been imported in British or Irish Shipping. Having been impoited in Foreign S'-inping.

Filled. Unfilled. Fiiied. ^|Ui.ulkd. I

1. s. d. zoths. 1. s. d. 20tbs. 1. s. d. 2Q'hs. ! I. r. <i. 2oths.

it i 2 4$ 8 12 to 15, A 8 .1 8 4J j 5 10 2 19/5

SCHEDULE,

The thirtieth Year of George III.

Q-

M

La

=f»

SCHED U L £, No. 7.

A SCHEDULE of the Drawbacks upon every Ton of Por/uga! or Madeira Wine, Spanish and Canary Wine, and all other Wine of the Dominions of Spain, exported to the JSritish Colonies or Plantations in America and the if ’c/1 In lies, according as the fame has been imported by Wholesale Merchants for Sale, Filled cm- nfilled, in Briiifle, -f-Irifl), or Foreign Shipping, if regularly exported within Three Years after the Importa-tion thereof: The said Drawbacks to be in Lieu and full SatLfaclion of all Drawbacks. pi

Having bscn imported in British or Irish Sliij ping. H.iving been iiirpn; led in Fen eign Shipping.|^ - '|8 Filled. Unfilled.|Cr3

Filled. Unfilled.

1. s. d. 201I1S. 13 14 I 6? 1. s. d. aorhs. ' 8 3 5 H|f 1 1 J. s. cl. 2oihs. 1. s. d 20.hs.] ll915 ! 696 f

SCHEDULE,

No. 8

O

fj

SCHEDULE,

A SCHEDULE of the Drawbacks upon every Ton of Portugal or McirLim Wine, SpaniJlj and Canary Wine, and all other Wine of the Dominions of , S'-pain, exported to the 13ritish Settlements on the Coall of j-lfrlca, according as the fame has been imported 3 by Wholesale Merchants for Sale, Filled or Unfilled, in Brii'ish, Irish, or Foreign Ship- 1" ping, if regularly exported within Three Years after the Importation thereof: The tf

laid Drawbacks to be in Lieu and full Satisfaction of all Drawbacks. -f'

Having been imported in British orliilb Shipping. 1 Having Ijati i.vpoiu-d in Foreign Shipping.

Killed. Unfilled. j i Filled. U/ifill.d.

1. s. d. 20ths. 1. s. d. 20ths. i I.- s. d. xotlts. . 1, S- d. 20tllE.

to o 2 6~ S n 6 6? i i 8 5 i 6 2 to C§

SCHEDULE,

w

&s -sj

V ^ o CJ

o,

iz

p s

Lrv

S G H E D U L. E, No. 9.

A SCHEDULE of the Drawbacks Upon every Ton of all other Wine, exported to the JBritish Colonies or Plantations in America, and the TJ-rcjl Indies, according as the fame has been imported by Wholesale Merchants for Sale, Filled or Unfilled, in British:, Irish, or Foreign Shipping, if regularly exported within Three Years after the Importation thereof: The said Drawbacks to be in Lieu and full Satisfaction of all Drawbacks.

Having been imported in Britishi or Irish Shipping. I In \ ing ix\.n imported in Fotcign Shipping.

' Filled. Unfilled. Filled. 1 'nfillol.

1. s. d. 201I1S. 27 7 10 i-, V 1. s. d. 20ihs. 24 18 6 o?£ 1. s. d. 20ihs. 26 2 2 J 7 I. s. d. 2orU. 2393

SCI-IEDULE»

The thirtieth Year of George III.

SCHEDULE, No. io.

A SCHEDULE of the Drawbacks upon every Ton of all other Wine exported to . the Sritljh Settlements on the Coast of Africa* according as the fame has been imported by Wholesale Merchants for Sale, Filled or Unfilled, in British, Irish, or Foreign Ship- ping, if regularly exported within Three Years after the Importation thereof: The fc" said Drawbacks to be in Lieu and full Satisfaction of all Drawbacks.

O

n>

Having been imported in British or Irish Shipping. Having been imported in Foreign Shipping.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

1. s. d. aotlis. 1. s. d. 2oths. I. s. d. 2oths. 1. s. d. 2oths.

17 13 11 iTV 15 4 6 i$f£ 16 8 3 I rV '3 '5 4 ,9tt

SCHEDULE,

The thirtieth Year of George III.

58

A.D. 1790.

' CHAP. IV.

An Act for regulating the Sugar Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.

ZmfheJ. UTE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland

W in parliament assembled, as a further supply to your Majesty, to support the expence of your Majesty's government, and with a grateful ft life of the great benefits to arise from an open and direct commercial intercourse with the sugar colonies of Great Britain, do most humbly beftech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, and no longer, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, for and upon all sugars of the growth, product, or manufacture of the Britishi colonies or plantations in America, or the West Indies, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the several duties in the schedule, marked (Mo. 1.) hereunto annexed, which schedule shall be deemed and taken to he to all intents and purposes a part of this a cl, to be computed upon every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve futtle pounds of such sugars respectively, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said several duties in the said annexed schedule mentioned, shall be in lieu and full satisfaction of all custems, subsidies, and duties whatsoever, payable upon all such sugars, by virtue of any law or laws heretofore made in this kingdom, and shall be severally paid down in ready money net, without any discour.t or allowance whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such duties, so to be paid upon the importation of sugars of the growth, -product, or manufacture of the British colonies or plantations in America, or the West Indies, shall be fully drawn back and repaid to any merchant or trader who shall duly export any of the said sugars within three years from the importation thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That -from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, and no longer, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and fucctffors, for and upon all sugars which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, not being of the growth, product, or manufacture of any of the Eritifli colonies or plantations in America, or the West Indies, or of the manufacture of Great Britain, the several duties mentioned in the lcr.edule (No. 2 ) hereunto annexed, which schedule shall be deemed and taken to be, to all intents and puTposes a part of this act, to be computed upon every hundred weight containing one hundred and twelve futtle pounds of such sugars respectvdy, and so in proportion fer any greater or less quantity.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said fercral duties in the Paid annexed schedule (No. 2.) mentioned, shall be in lieu and full satisfaction of ail customs, subsidies, and duties whatsoever, payable upon such sugars, by virtue of any law or laws heretofore made in this kingdom, and shall be levcrai-ly paid down in ready money net, without any discount or allowance whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the fever.il drawbacks mentioned in the said annexed schedule (No. 2.) shall be allowed and piid to any merchant or trader who shall duly export any such sugars within three years from the importation thereof, to be computed upon every hundred weight containing one hundred and twelve futile pounds of such sugars respectively, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

VII. Provided always, That such drawbacks shall not be paid upon the exposition of any such sugars, unless such proof he first made in such manner as is usually pracHfed for the obtaining of drawbacks.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inciufive, and 110 longer, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, for and upon ail refined sugars in loaves, not being ballards, and all candy which shall be imported into this kingdom from Great Britain, during the time aforesaid, being of the manufacture of Great Britain, a duty after thi r.tj of one pound sixteen shillings and nine pence halfpenny for every hundred weight containing one hundred and twelve fuitle pounds of such sugars, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; and for and upon all refined fugirs called baflards, and all ground and powdered refined sugars, and all refined loaf fug.v broken in pieces, which shall bo imported from Great Britain during.the time aforesaid, a duty after the rare of eighteen shillings and eleven pence sixteen-twentieths of a penny and ten-fifteenths of a twentieth for every hundred weight thereof containing one hundred ami twelve futtlc pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, such duties to be paid down on importation in ready money net, without any discount or allowance whatsoever, and to be in lieu and full satisfaction of all duties, customs, and excise, payable thereon, by any law cr laws heretofore made in this kingdom.

IX. And be it enacted, That to encourage the refining of sugars in this kingdom, the following bounties shall be allowed and paid upon all sugars which shall be refined therein and exported from thence during the time aforesaid, that is to say, a bounty after the rate of one pound eight shillings and two pence for every one hundred weight of such sugars, containing one hundred and twelve futile pounds, which shall be exported in the loaf complete and whole, being net, that is to say, of one uniform whitenels throughout, and which shall have gone through the operation of two or more clays since it was last in the pan, and shall have been properly and thoroughly dried in the stove, according to the present practice of refining , and a bounty after the rate of twelve shillings and seven pence thirteen-twentieths of a penny and five-fifteenths of a twentieth for every hundred weight containing one hundred and twelve futtle pounds of such refined fagsr culled halbard, and of all ground, powdered refined sugar, and all refined loaf sugar broken in pieces, the said sugar having been twice clayed and properly dried in the Hove, and of all candy properly refined and manufactured, and freed from dirt and feum, winch shall be exported during the time aforesaid.

X. Provided always, That if any such refined sugars, commonly called lumps, being in ioavci, shall have gone through the oprr:io:i of three clays at the lead

Y 2 since

6o The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

since they were last in the pan, and shall be net, and shall have been thoroughly 1790. dried in the ilovc in the manner herein before directed, though such loaves be ex-Ouip. 4. POTted without the small ends or tips, they shall be deemed complete and whole within the true intent and meaning of this a£V, and the exporter or exporters of the same shall receive the drawback or bounty accordingly.

XI. And be it enacted, That if the proper officer or officers of your Majesty's revenue, frail upon view or examination either before or after shipping, find any sugar or candy which frail be entered for exportation, in order to obtain the bounties or drawbacks thereon, to be less in quantity than expressed in the exporter's endowment, or entered under a wrong denomination, or if such sugars shall not be TefpecUvely refined in the manner before directed, or if such candy be not properly refined and manufactured, and free from dirt and feum, all such sugars or candy frail be forfeited, and frail and may be seized by any officer or officers of the revenue, and sued for and recovered as herein after directed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That before any drawback or bounty frail be paid for any of the sugars or candy herein before mentioned, being of the manufacture of this kingdom, or any debentures made out for the fame, the refiner or refiners, not being the exporter or exporters of such sugars or candy, frail make an oath, or if a known quaker, a solemn affirmation before the collector, or other proper officer of the port from whence such sugars and candy frail be exported, which oath or affirmation such collector or other officer is hereby empowered and required to administer, of the following import, that is to say, that he, she, or they fold such sugars or candy, expressing the quantity and time when fold, the person or persons intending to export die fame, and that such sugars have respectively gone through the operations herein before expressed, and have been properly and thoroughly dried in the stove, or that such candy has been properly refined or manufactured according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and that he, (lie, or they verily believes or believe such sugars or candy were produced from brown or Muscovado sugars of the growth or product of your Majesty's plantations in America or the West Indies, and imported from thence or from Great Britain, and that the several duties payable thereon were duly paid; and the exporter or exporters of such sugars or candy frail then make oath, or if a known quaker, a solemn affirmation, before such collector or other proper officer as aforesaid; which oath or affirmation such collector or other proper officer is hereby authorized and directed to administer, that such sugars or candy, being the sugars or candy for which such bounty or drawback is then claimed, are the identical sugars or candy, or part thereof, which were sold to him or them as aforesaid, by such refiner or refiners, and before the money due upon such debenture or debentures frail be paid, such exporter or exporters frail also make oath, or if a known quaker, a solemn affirmation in the manner herein before directed, that such sugars or candy have been duly exported, and the searchcr or other proper officer of the port respectively from which such sugars or candy frail be exported, frail certify that the fame have been fairly fripped, and all other requisites duly performed; and whenever the refiner or refiners of such sugars or candy frail be the exporter or exporters thereof, such exporter or exporters frail then make oath, or if a known quaker, a solemn affirmation in manner aforesaid, as well of the due exportation of the fame, as of the several particulars herein before directed to be sworn or affirmed to by such exporter or exporters, excepting what relates to the sale of the said sugars or candy, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the arrival of any frip or vessel from any of the Britifr plantations in America or the West Indies, with sugars on

board,

The thirtieth Year of George III. 6 r

board, at the pert of her drfchnrgc in this kingdom, the matter or other person f\, taking charge of the fidp or vef:U, shall at the time he makes his report of the 1790. cargo, deliver to the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, such certifi- Chap. 4. cate as is usually given or lequired to he given, by the mailer of Inch lliip loading in, and to fall from any ct the 1.1V. eo:o ;L:> to Great r.r.d make oath, or

if a known cjiuker, a u-leitm aihrmation. vi.ieh oath or rihrmation the collector, or other chief officer of the revenue, is hereby empowered and three led to adndinder, that the goods lb reported ate the lame that aie mentioned in the said certificate, or in default thereof, fl-.r.ll forfeit one limit/, vd pound.-, and that Jl inj.tr imported without such certificate, Audi be conibLrcdj deemed, :.mi taken to he h ieign sugars, not of the growth, product, or manufacture of the lhkifli colonics, and shall pay duty accordingly.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all clayed fugavs !h.;l! he deemed to Iv, and be taken and considerc-d as Muscovado sugar wit!.in the meaning t f this aG, and shall pay duty and receive drawback as such, and be subject to the like regulations in every respect.

XV. Provided always, That if any fugnr shall be imported into this kingdom, as being of the growth, product, or manufacture of any liomlh colony or plantation in America, or the West Indies, without being included in such certificate as is herein before directed, and that it shall appear to the fausfaclion of the cc'in-missioners of your Mujetty’s levenue, that such sugars are really and tiuly the product, growth, or manufacture of such British plantations or colony, and that no fraud was intended, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners to permit such sugars to be entered, upon payment of the like duties, as such goodt would be liable to if they were attended with and included in the certificates herein before mentioned.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the proper officer or officers shall keep a separate and distinct account of all sugars imported into and exported from (his kingdom, and of the hereditary duties which would have been payable thereon, if this att had not been made, and that he or they do regularly enter the amount of those several hereditary duties j and that lb much of the money strifing from the duties imposed by this act upon the importation of sugars into this kingdom, as the hereditary duties payable thereon would so have amounted to, shall be regularly and duly placed to the account of your Majesty's hereditary revenue.

XVII. And be it further emitted, That all and Angular the said duties, rates, and impositions hereby granted, shall be raised, answered, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors during the time aforesaid, in like manner, except as to bonding the fame, or any discount for prompt payment, and all penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed, shall be recovered and sued for by such ways, means, and methods, and by such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers as are appointed, directed, and expressed for the raising, answering, collecting and paying of duties, in ami by an att made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled. An *8 ftr the settling of the txAfe or new impojl upon his Majesty, his heirs and successorsy according to the hr.k if rates therein in/erted; or by any other law now of force, relating to the revenue cf cx-cife in this kingdom, as fully and cfiettually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were enatted in this att, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party aggrieved, as in and by the said att of excise, or any other law or laws now in being, relating to the duties of excise is provided.

XVIII. And be it further cnatted, That the six pence per pound, and all other fees which shall or may be payable to the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, pay-

62 The thirtieth Year George III.

A.D.

mailer or receiver-general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of 1790. this kingdom, upon issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money which Chap* 4* or may arise out of the aids herein before particularly mentioned, shall be received by the said vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver or pnymnfter-general, for the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, and shall be duly accounted for by him or them to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, as a further additional aid hereby given and granted for the further support of your Majesty's government.

SEHEDULC,

SCHEDULE, No. i.

A SCHEDULE of the respective Duties payable upon Sugars of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, or the W;Jl Indies, imported into this Kingdom: The said Duties to be in Lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duticsi

Duty.

i. s. d.

TvilJSCoVADO, the Hundred Weight containing 112 Pounds —:— — o 13 *i-j

WHITE, the HundredtVeight containing 112 Pounds — — — I n 5

REFINED, the Hundred Weight containing u?. Pounds - 5 6 ioj

SCHEDULE,

The thirtieth Year of George III.

'(Q->

p *.1

-3 O

: o

SCHEDULE, No. 2.

A SCHEDULE of the respective Duties payable upon all Sugars imported into this Kingdom, not being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, or the West Indies, or of the Manufacture of Great Britain, with the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof, within Three Years from the Time of Importation: The said Duties and Drawbacks to be in Lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties and Drawbacks.

Duty on Imputation, except fiorn Great Brit;>:/> Duty on Importation frt in Great Brit.tin, ami Drawback on Expoitutinn.

1. S. d. 1. s. d.

MUSCOVADO, the Hundred Weight containing 112 Pouiads — - 19Si 1 7 Si

WHITE, the Hundred Weight containing 112 Pounds - z93i 2 5 3s

REFINED, the Hundred containing 112 Pounds ...— 5 6 lO| 4 >7 Si

T be tlirtielb Year of George III.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D. 1790.

—1

CHAP. V.

An Act for regulating the Coffee Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Starffers, the several Duties therein mentioned upon Coffee.

WE your Majesty's moll dmiful and loyal subjects the? commons of Ireland, in parliament assembled, do tr.oft humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted: and be it enacU'd by the King’s mofl. excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Rune, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, there shall be granted, raised, collected, levied, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, for and upon all ceflcc which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, a duty of six pence for each pound weight, the find duty to be in lieu and full satisfaction of all duties payable by any act or n&s of parliament heretofore made in this kingdom, upon the importation thereof.

II. And for the better securing the said duty upon coffee to be consumed in this kingdom, and to the intent that the fame may not be too burdenforne on the importers of such coffee as shall be exported to parts bevend the leas: be it enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fifth day of March, one tr.ouf..r.n seven hundred and ninety, all such coffee as shall be imported into this kingdom upon entry thereof at the custom-house, and paying down in ready money net, without any discount or allowance vhatsoever, a sum after the rate of three fliil-jings and six pence for every one hundred weight thereof, and securing the remainder of the said duty of six pence prr pound, in like manner as the duties on tobacco are required by law to be secured in cases where the importer desires to warehouse the fame, shall be forthwith carried of put into the king’s warehouse in the like manner and under the fame regulations as tobacco may be warehoused, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and the importer or importers thereof shall have power to garble and separate such coflee in such warehouses to make it merchantable, and the coffee so brought into such warehouse or warehouses, shall not be taken or carried out from thence upon any account whatsoever, other than as is herein mentioned, that is to say, such of the said coffee as shall be sold to be consumed in this kingdom, shall be delivered out of such warehouse or warehouses upon payment of the duty secured thereon by the importer or importers as aforesaid; and for such of the said coffee as shall be exported within three years after import, the duty of three shillings and six pence per hundred so paid upon import, shall be fully drawn luck, and the security entered into for the payment of the remaining duties, shall be cancelled and made void.

III. And be it further enacted, That if the importer or importers of such ccffcc as shall be so lodged in warehouses as aforesaid, shall not within the fpnee of fifteen months, by payment of the said duties so secured, or by debentures, upon exportation of said coflee, discharge his or their obligations, but that the codec, or any part thereof, shall continue and be still remaining in the said warehouses

R

for

66 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

for want of payment of any of the duties due thereon, in such case it shall and

1790. may be lawful for the said commissioners, or principal officers of your Majesty’s

Chap. 5* rcvcnuc for l*ie time being, at the respuctive ports, and they are hereby empowered to cause lhe said coffee so remaining to be publickly sold by inch of candle, first giving the importer or importers thereof fourteen days notice in writing of such intended sale, cither personally or by leaving such notice at the place of such importers last abode, the product thereof after such sale first to be applied to the payment of the said security, (lorage, and all other charges which may have been incurred, and the overplus, if any, to be rendered and paid to the importer, or other person lawfully authorized to receive the same.

IV. Provided always, That the exporter shall perform all the requisites, and give such security as is usual in cases of drawback for not rc-landing the same.

V. And be it enacted, That towards railing the supply granted to your Majesty, and for the better regulation of the coffee trade, there shall be raised, levied, ami paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, for and upon all coffee which shall be consumed in this kingdom, a duty of six pence per pound, for each pound weight thereof, the said duty to be paid by the person or persons buying the fame from the importer or importers thereof.

VI. And be it further ona£led, That every person who shall fell by retail, or otherwise deal in coflee, except as an importer thereof, and except such persons as shall have been licensed to fell tea or groceries in any city or town corporate within this kingdom, between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall take out a license from the collector of the di(lrict in which such person shall reside, and shall pay for the fame a duty of twenty shillings; and every such person as aforesaid, who shall fell by retail, or otherwise deal in coffee as aforesaid, in any part of this kingdom, not being a city or town corporate, shall take out a license in the same manner, and shall pay for the fame a duty of ten shillings, and every such license shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand Yeven hundred and ninety-one,' and for such license a fee of two shillings, and no more, shall be paid; and if any such person shall fell by retail, or otherwise deal in coffee as aforesaid, without having taken out any such license as aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

VII. And be it enacted, That every collector who shall grant a license to any person to deal in, or fell codec by retail, or fell tea or groceries, shall, at the time of granting such license, give to the person obtaining the fame a certificate thereof, which certificate dial), at every time the person or persons so licensed shall purchase any coffee from any importer of coffee, be produced to such importer, who shall endorsc on the back of such certificate the number of packages, and the number of pounds in each package, the place where, and the time when, and the name of the ship in which the fame was imported, and the time when the duty payable on the import thereof was paid, and the name of the person to whom the same shall be fold, and the time of such sale, and such importer, or his known clerk, shall sign such endorsement, and the said certificate, with such endorsement as aforesaid, shall be produced to the proper officer for granting permits, before such officer shall grant a permit for such coffee; and such officer shall, at the time of granting every such permit, specify in such cmiorfe-ment the date and number of the permit, and the place where the same shall be granted, and sign his name thereto, and upon every transfer of such coffee the like requisites shall be performed, as are directed upon the first sale, by the importer; and every such dealer in coffee ff.all, on the twenty-fifth day of March,

one

The thirtieth Year of George III. 67

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-onc, or within ten days after said day, return to the collector of the district in which he dull reside, the said certificate, iygo. together with ail endowments made thereon, or in default thereof shall for- e,

feit the sum of one hundred pounds; and in case the paper on which such 'y'-'-'O

certificate fliaP be granted, flrall before the twenty-fifth day of March, one theu-sand seven hundred and ninety-one, be filled up by the endorsements herein directed to be made thereon, then, and in every such case, every such collector shall, upon such dealer as aforesaid delivering up to him any such certificate fa by him granted, with the said endorsements thereon, grant unto such dealer a-; aforesaid a new certificate, cn which such account of all coffee to be hereafter purchased by him until the twenty-fifth dav of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, shall be endorsed as aforesaid, and every such collector shall, upon receiving from every such dealer as aforesaid any such certificate*, with the endorsements thereon, enter the fame in a book to be kept by him for that purpose, and forthwith transmit every such certificate, with the endorsements thereon, to the commissioners of your Majeilj’s revenue; and every such officer who shall grant any such permit as aforesaid, shall forthwith transmit to the collector of the district to which such coffee Audi have been permitted, an account of the quantity of such cofTcc, and the name of the person to whom the fame was permitted, who shall notify the same to the gauger of the wall: in which such person shall reside, in order that such gauger, or other ollicer of excise, may view and examine such coflee, and charge the person to whom such coffee shall have been permitted with the duty due and payable thereon.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all coffee exceeding the weight of two pounds, which shall be found conveying or carrying by land, or by water, from any one part or place in this kingdom, to any other part or place therein, to any person whatever, and all sacks, or bags, calks, or wflels containing the fame,

shall be forfeited and seized by any officer of your Majesty's revenue, unfefi. a permit then in force under the hand of a proper officer for the conveyance of such coffee, shall be produced.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the person or persons to whom such coffee shall be consigned by virtue of such permit shall, immediately after the arrive} of such cofiee to the place to which the same shall be font or directed, give notice in writing to the surveyor of excise, or in his nbfcncc, to the gauger of tfe‘ walk in which such coffee shall arrive, of the arrival of the fame, which fur-teyor or gauger is hereby required to repair to the pir.ee where such coffee fluil then be, and shall then and there carefully examine the fume, with the fi.id permit, and shall take such permit from the person having charge of such cjflee, and shall upon oath made by such person, which oath every such surveyor or gauger is hereby authorized to admiitifter, that the cofTcc mentioned in such jh t -mit was, to the best of his knowledge ami belief, the identical coffee then produced to such officer, which officer shall thereupon, without fee or reward, giv the owner, or person Ir.ving charge of such coffee, a certjficite, containing a in:.*, and particular account of such cofTcc, which certificate shall be deemed to be of equal authenticity and efttft with the original permit, and such surveyor or g-ieg-T flnll charge the person or ersons to whom such cofTcc shall have been fu a veyed, with the said duty of six pence per pound, and every month m.;!:e r.'iiin or report in writing to the collector of the district, of uli such duty on cofi: ...»

{lull have been charged within such month.

X. And be it further enacted, That all coffee exceeding two puiVs, w’ life shall* be found in the possession of any person other ti.an an importer of cuife.\ for which a permit shall rot be produced, cr in case a permit fl.all have been granted for such coffee, and such certificate as aforesaid granted wirf-iu twenty-four

II a ii',*. m

The thirtieth Year of George III.

hours from the expiration of the time limited by such permit for the conveyance of inch coffee, in case a Sunday, Christmas-Day, or Cood-Friday, shall not intervene, or if any of such dnvs firall intervene, then in such certificate as aforesaid granted within forty-eight hours from the e:xpir.ition of the fuel time limited by such permit as aforesaid, shall not bo produced, then and in every such case, -.ill such codec, with the paci..igcs in which the same shall bo found, 1'ii.ili be forfeited and fui'/ied by any cdia.r of your M.tjofly’a revenue.

XI. And be it mr.cled, 'i hut if my importer of coiTee fli.d! fell or deliver r.r.v coffee to any pevfon whatsoe\cr, with,out procuring a permit thr such eottle. such importer ib.ill be liable to p.iy the said lad mentioned duty of ft: pence /;r pound for all such codec which he cr ff.e shall so fell or deliver without fiklt permit, and shall forfeit for every such offence tb.c sum of one hundred pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every -’-etailer and buyer of coffee fr-a!* v.ithiu ten days after such return shall be or ought to have been made, pay and dear off till Inch duties ns shall be due from him, her, or them, respectively, for and on account of all such coffee as shall have been fold or permitted to any such retailer or buyer of coliee, respectively within the said month.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such retailer or buyer of coffee shall emit or refuse to give such notice of the arrival of any collie to him or her as aforesaid, or Hull omit or refuse to deliver up such permit as aforesaid, or shall not within the time herein appointed for that purpose, to pay oft* and dif-tharge all duties so returned, as a charge on him, her, or them respectively, he, she, or they respectively, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XIV. And to the end, that the officers of the revenue may be the better enabled to keep a regular tlock account on all importers of, and other dealers in cofile: be It enadcf, That every importer, retailer of, or denier in coffee, who shall 011 the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand foven hundred and ninety, have or hold in his, her, or their custody, power, or pcfiefiion, or in the custody of any oilier person or persons, for ids or her use, any quantity of coffee, either of his or her property, or the property of any other person or persons, shall on the find day, or within ten days after, give and deliver to the collector of the diitrid where such person or persons shall refine, a true account in writing of his cr her name, and place or pieces of abode, and of the true tjuantity of coffee which such p-ribn shall at the lime of giving in such account, have in his or her custody, power, or possession, or in the poflllfion of any other person or persons, for his or her life, which account shall nlfo let forth the number of package^ and distinguish the quantity contained in cacti of them, and the particular ware-houses, ilore-houses, cellars, or other places where the same shall then be, which account fluid be signed by such retailer of, or dealer in coffee as aforesaid, or one of his or her known clerks, with his or her name and places of abode, and shall, in like manner, within ten days after every twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, twenty-fifth day of December, and twenty-fifth day of March, in every year, give and deliver to such collector as aforesaid, a like account as is herein required, in which account shall be contained all such flock as aforesaid, as lie or flic had on the f.tid respective daysj and in case any such retailer of, or dealer in coflce as aforesaid, shall neglect to give in any such account as aforesaid at the icfpeclive times, and in such manner and form as is herein directed and required, such person shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds*, and in case any such account shall appear to be false or fraudulent, all such coffee of which no account, or of which a faife or fraudulent account shall be given, and the packages containing the same shall be forfeited,

and

'The thirtieth Year of George III. oj)

and shall and may be fci/ed by any officer or officers of your Majesty's revenue, and the ptrfort ot puffins so offending shall forfeit treble the value thereof.

XV. And be it enacted, That no feller of, or dealer in coffee shall receive out of any of the public warehousrs aforesaid, any less quantity of coffee titan one hundred pounds weight at any one time, and no permit shall be granted for the conveyance from the importer of coffee to any perfoit, of any quantity of coffee Ufs than one hundred pounds weight*, and for the preventing the clandestine importation of coffee into thU kingdom: be it enacted, That if any person from and after the twenty-fifth d;iy of Mill'd), one thmiikmi ftven hundred and ninety, Hull import or Iring any coffee into this kingdom, and shall not make due entry thereof, and pay the 'duty thereon, or bring the fame into such warthouse or warehouses in manner as herein dinCled, the fee fell be, and is hereby taken to be danddiintly run, and unlawfully imported, and such coffee, together \dih the packages containing the fame, and all liotfes and carriages carrying and drawing the fame, shall be foifcited, a:ul shall and may be seized by any officer of your Majesty's revenue.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any doubt shall arise whether tl.e custom or inland duty, payable for any coflee which shall be seized in pursuance of this act, hath been duly paid, or that the fame, or any part thereof, hath ken condemned as foifcited, and sold at a custom-house sale, the proof thereof shall lie on the owner or claimer thereof, or the person or persons on whom the fame fell be found, and not on the officer.

XVII. And be it furcl er enacted, That front and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thous.md seven hundred and ninety, it shall and may be lawful for my officer or officers of the revenue, at any time by day, to enter into all or any the warehonfes, llorehouses, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, and other places made use of by any person or persons felling coffee by wholesale or retail, for keeping or making such coffee, and by weighing, gauging, or otherwise, to take an account of the quantity thereof which fell at any time be in his, her, or their custody, in the weighing whereof the owner or owners of such coffee, or some person on his, her, or their behalf, fell be aiding and assisting to such officers, and shall keep sufficient just weights and feales to be made use of by such officers for that purposej and if any such coftee-house keeper, or any other' person or persons felling or dealing in coffee by wholes.de or retail, fell hinder or refuse permission to such officers, or any of them, to enter into such his, her, or their warehonfes, storehouses, rooms, (hops, cell irs, vaults, or other places, or to take such account as nfotesaid, or neglect to keep and furnish such officer or officers with sufficient just weights and fcaies to be made use of by such officers for the purpufes aforesaid, or shall keep any false weights or fcalcs, or shall neglect or refuse to assist such officer or officers in weighing such coffee as aforesaid, or fell hinder or obstruct any of such officers in the execution of the powers and authorities given to hint or them by this act, every person o(lending therein Avail, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall n.»: be lawful to import any coffee* during (he time aforesaid, into this kingdom, f.tve at the ports where tobacco may by law be warehoused , and if any ship or v..ffel fell be found within the limits of any other port, haven, or creek, within n n kingdom, having coffee on board ia any packages whatsoever, or fell be uiftovered so to have been, save only and except in case of unavoidable nec> ffity anu i.iftrcfs, of which necessity and dif-trftS the maitcr, purser, or person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, fell, immedi itely after the arrival of such ship or vessel in such port, haven, or c.eek, give notice, and make proof before the collector, or otkr chief officer c.f tl.e revenue, rtfi.lrnt at the i-e.-rest port where such fllip or Yoi. XV. S veil'd A.D. I79--Chap. 5.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

vessel shall arrive, such flnp or vessel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and also such coffee, shall be forfeited.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all coffee in any package containing less than one hundred and twelve pounds weight, shall be seized and forfeited, if found on board any flilp, vessel, or boat, in any port or harbour of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the shore of this kingdom, or shall be discovered so to have been, although bulk dial] not appear to have been broken, or any of such coffee run, or attempted to have been run, out of such ship, vessel, or boat, five only and except in case of unavoidable ncctliity and distress, of which ne-ceflity and dilirefs the mailer, purser, or person having or taking the charge or command of such ship cr vessel, shall, immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel into any bay, harbour, river, or creek, of or belonging to this kingdom, give notice, and make proof before the collector, or other chief officer, resident at the nearest port where such ibip or vdlcl shall arrive.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the proper officer shall keep a separate and riiftind account of all coffee imported into this kingdom, and of the hereditary duties which would have been payable thereon, if this act had not been made, and that he do regularly enter the amount of those several hereditary duties, and that so much of the money arising from the duties imposed by this act upon the importation of coffee into this kingdom, as the hereditary duties payable thereon would so have amounted to, shall be regularly and duly placed to the account of your Majesty's hereditary revenue.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That out of the said duties charged by this act on the importation of coffee, the sum of three hundred and fifty pounds shall be paid to the truffevs appointed for the management of the hempen and flaxen manufactur'S of this kingdom, to be by them applied to encourage and support the said manufactures and the trade thereof in this kingdom*

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the duties and rates hereby granted, shall be raised, answered, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, in like manner, except as to bonding the fame, or any allowances for discount or prompt payment, and the fame and all penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act, shall and may be sued for, levied, recovered, ami applied in such manner and form, and by such waysj means, and methods, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed, di_ reded and appointed in and by an act made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled. An act for thefettling of the txcifi and new itnpfl upon his MejeJ\y> his heirs andfuc-erJfjrs, according to the book of rates therein insertedt or by any ether law' of force relative to the revenue of cxnfe in this kingdom, concerning the duties, penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the fume were particularly mentioned, specified, and enacted in this act, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party aggrieved, as in and by the said act, or any law or laws now in being relative to the duty of excise is provided.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the six pence per pound, and all other fees which shall or may be payable to the vice-treasurer, or vice-treasurersr receiver; or paymaller-general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, upon issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money which shall or may arise our of, or shall or may he received for or on account of the several duties and aids hereby granted to your Majesty, shall be applied by the said vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver, or pnyniaffcr-geiKT.il, for the use of your Majesty, your eirs ami fncccffors, in aid and addition to the duties hereby granted, and shall be duly accounted lor by him or them.

C H A 1\

The thirtieth Year of George III.

71

CHAP. VI.

A.D. 179°\

An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors. certain Duties upon Malt.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects tlw commons of Ireland, in parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary supplies to defray the expence of your Majesty's government, have resolved to grant unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the duties herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted by die King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritunl and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there Hull be raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied unto, and for the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one indufive, a duty of two shillings and six pence for, and upon every barrel of malt ground or unground, which shall be made in this kingdom, of barley, or -of any other corn or grain, at any time between the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, by any person or persons whether the same shall be or not be for Tale, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, and also an additional duty of two shillings and six pence upon every barrel of malt ground or unground, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, made of barley or of any other corn or grain.

II. And be it enacted, That all and every the surveyors, fcarchers, gaugers, and waiters of your Majesty's revenue, and alt other officers of excise, shall at all rimes in the day time be permitted upon their request to enter the house, malt-house, kiln, or other places whatsoever belonging to, or used by any person or persons, who at any time from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one tnciufive, shall have in his, or their pofflflion any malt, made of barley or other corn or grain, made in, or imported into this kingdom, or whose rruth-house or malt-houses shall have been registered as herein directed, or shall during the said time make any malt (either for sale or nut for fide) and that all and every the said officer or officers, shall upon their request be permitted as well by night as by day, but if in the night time, in the presence of a constable, fubconstable, or other peace-officer, to enter the house, mahing-house, kiln, mill, or other places belonging to, or made use of by any publick maltilcr or maker of malt for sale. dealtr in malt, common brewer, innkeeper, victualler, distiller, cr vinegar maker, making mah, or by any other person making m.dt, ami to gauge all eifterns, tiring vats, utensils, or other vessels used by any such mahfter or maker of malt, or by any other person, for the wetting or steeping of any barley or other corn or grain fer the making of malt, and to gauge, me.»sure or weigh, and to take an account of the just quantity of all malt which shall be in the possession of any person within this kingdom, as also of the birlcy or other corn or grain which ss.all be found wetting or deeping in any such uting vat, u'tnfii, m citui:, or (bail have been wetted or ftccptd S i,

-2 The thirtieth Year of George III.

in them, or any of them, for making of malt, and shall thereof make return or report in writing to the collector of the dillrict, or to such other person or g persons as the commifliuiters of the revenue tlhall appoint to receive the same; Jeaving a true copy of fuel; report in writing under his hand, with every such person making m.tlr, or having malt in his possession as aforesaid, or at such house or malt-house; which copy of such nporr, every such officer is hereby required to leave with every such person, or at fitch house or malt-house, on pain of forfeiting the sum of forty shillings for tvery neglect or cmiflum in this behalf, and such report or return of the said officers shall be a charge upon every futh person respectively; ami if such person making or having malt in his or her possession as aforesaid, whether for dale or private life, or the wife of such person, or the foil or daughter of such person, or ativ person employed as clerk, maltster, or servant, at any malr-house or other place, shall ohflrufl, or not permit any officer to enter his or her house, or ether place, in maimer herein mentioned, or shall obllrucl or not permit him to measure, compute, or take an account of such malt, or to gauge all and every such uting vats, utenflls, cisterns, and other vessels. Or ro gauge and take an account of all barley or other corn or grain, in any #such; cilter:, uting vat, utuifil or, other vessel, or which shall have been deeped or wetted, and shall be on any floor or other place; every such person who, or whose wife, son, daughter, clerk, maliitcr, or Servant as aforesaid, Dial) so obstruct, or not permit such officer or officers as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds; and that every maltster, or other person making mail for file, or not for fate, at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thonf,i.ml seven nndred and ninety, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousanjl seven hundred and ninety-one, shall monthly and every month, cr within ten. days after the expiration of such month, make a true return to the collrcTor of the difirict iq which such person shall reside, of all the malt so made by him or her respectively in such month.

III. And be it emitted, That every maltster or other maker of malt, shall within one month aft. r he or she shall make, or ought to have made such monthly return as aforesaid,’pay and clear off all such duties as. shall be due from him, her, or them respectively, for and on account of all such malt as aforesaid, by him, her, or them made, unless such malt shall be sooner removed from the malt-house, or place where the same shall have been made, in which case the said duties shall be paid for all such malt as shall be intended to be removed, before any permit for removing, carrying, or conveying the fame, shall be granted.

IV. And be it enacted, That every maltster or other person chargeable with the duties aforesaid, who shall neglect or refuse to make such return and payment respectively as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such oflence respectively, the lum of fifty pounds; and that no maltster or other person, shall deliverer carry out any malt until he or she shall have paid and cleared off the duty as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting double the value of such malt so delivered and carried out; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted, That as often as any difference or dispute shall nrife between the person or persons making malt, or having malt in his, her, or their possession as aforesaid, and the gauger or other officer of the revenue respecttng the amount of the charge made as aforesaid, the return or report so made u a 1 be verified by the oath of such gauger or othui officer, to be made before one of the chief commissioners or fub-commissioners of excise of the proper distritt, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, that the said return or report so by him made was truly and fairly made to the befl of his (kill and knowledge, and Inch return and rerorrlh.ill then be a charge upon tl.e person or persons

making

1790

Chap.

The thirtieth Year of George III. 73

miking malt, or having malt in his, her, or their possession so disputing the fame, A.D. and nor oth.rwife. I ~po.

VI. Provided always, That no person shall be at liberty to controvert any charge made by such gauger or other officer, tinlcfs he shall object to the fame v*—v-—>

within three months after such charge shall have been made as aforesaid, such objection to be made in wruimr, and signed by the person so making the same, and to be delivered to the collector of the district in which such charge shall have been made as aforesaid, nor shall it be necessary for such gauger or other officer to verify such charge by affidavit, unless such person shall have made such return as afcref.iid of the malt made by him or her, or in his or her possession, within the time herein before for that purpose mentioned.

VII. And be it enacted, That all malt, or grain, or corn whatffiever, making or to be made into malt, which shall be found in the malt-house, v.ire-house,

or other tenement of any maker of malt, cr of any person in possdfion of any such

malt-house, ware-house, or other tenement, shall be subject to, and chargeable with ali and Angular the duties upon malt which may be in arrear and ouing, as well for any malt which shall have been made by any such maker of malt ts of any malt which shall have been made within such malt-house, at any lime before such malt-house shall have come to his or her pollession, and shall also be subject to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by the person or persons who had used such malt-house, for any offence against this ack, by not making fuel; returns, or paying such duty as aforesaid and that it Shall be lawful in ail earns to levy all debts and penalties incuired under and by virtue of this act, ami to carry on such proceedings against such malt as it may be lawful to do in case the debtor or offender was the true and real owner of the fame malt.

VIII. And be it drafted, That no mnkfter cr maker of malt shall mi:, or cause to be mixed, his cr her corn or grain, of one wuting or Keeping, or any part thereof, with his or her rorn or grain, making into malt of the former wetting or Keeping, or any part thereof, or shall mix, cr cause to be mixed any of his or her couches or floors, cr any part thereof, with any corn or grain of a former wetting cr steeping, before the same shall be put on the kiln for drying; and that no maltiler, or maker of malt, or other person whatsoever shall mix, < r enufe to be mixed, any unmalted corn or grain with malt made cf any corn or grain whatsoever, cr shall sell or expose to falc any such mixtures respectively as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting in every such case the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence respectively.

IX. And be it enacted, That if any mnltfter cr maker of malt or other person 'shall fraudulently hide, conceal, or convey away, or cause or permit, or fuller to be bidden or concealed or conveyed away, any malt out of his malt-house from the fight or view of auy gauger or other officer, or cause, or procure, or permit or fuffor to be conveyed away from the cittern, uting-vaf, or other wetting place or mend!, any steeping, or part of auy steeping of corn or grain making into malt, or shall mix such corn or grain nuking Into malt, or such corn or grain so con- . veyed away with, or amongst any couch or couches, floor or floors of ocher corn or grain making into malt, which are then depending and in operation, and which shall have been gauged or charged with duty, or if any maltster or miker of malt, shall fraudu’ently convey away, or cause or procure, cr permit, cr fuller to be conveyed away from the cittern, uthig-vat, or other wetting-place or utensil, any Keeping, cr part of auy lletping of corn or grain making into malt, so that no gauge of such corn or grain ib conveyed away can be tah.n by the officer; and if any person Hull luibour, hide, or conceal any such malt, or corn, c-r grain making into malt; then and in each of the said c.fes, every such nuhfter or maker of malt, or other perffin so offending, Shall :u e\ury such offence reiyc-

The thirtieth Year of George III.

tively, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and all such malt, or corn, or grain making into malt, with all bags and flicks containing the fame, shall be forfeited and may be seized.

X. And be it enacted, That if any maltster, or maker of malt, shall tread, press, or othemfe force together, in the cistern, uting-vat, or couch-frame, any corn steeping or ftceped, in order to be made into malt} every such maltster or maker of malt, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XI. And be it enacted, That the officers of excise for the time being, shall measure such corn or grain making into malt, and charge the duty thereon by the gauge only.

XII. And be it enacted, That every four bushels of such corn or grain making into malt, taken by the gauge as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be equal to a barrel of malt, for the purpose of charging and levying the duties imposed by this act; and that every four bushels of such corn or grain making into malt as aforesaid, shall be subject to the said duty of two shillings and six pence, such bushel to be computed according to the bushel known by the name of the Winchester bushel, containing eight gallons of two hundred and seventy-two cubical inches and a quarter each.

XIII. And be it enacted, That out of every twenty bushels so charged by the gauger or other officer upon his gauge, there shall be an allowance of four bushels made to the maker of such malt so charged in the uting-vat, cistern, or other vessel wherein the same shall be found wetting or steeping as aforesaid, or upcu the floor, within thirty hours after the same shall be thrown out of the uting-vat, cistern, or other vessel, and out of every greater or Iefs quantity a proportionable allowance shall be made in consideration of the difference between the quantity of such corn when it is wet and ftvoln, and the quantity thereof when it is converted into dry malt, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, That if any maltster or maker of malt shall not wet or steep his or her barley or other corn in the cistern, uting-vat, or other vessel, so

the fame shall be covered with water, and continue so covered in such cistern, u:ing-var, or other vessel, for the full (pace of forty hours before he shall draw the water from the same, such maltster or maker of malt shall not be entitled to the allowance aforesaid.

XV. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no maltster or other jierson making malt for sale, or not for file, shall erect, or set up, alter, or enlarge, or make use of any cistern, uting-vat, utensil, or other vessel for the wetting or steeping of any barley, or other corn or grain to be made into malt, or for any kiln, floor, room, or other place for the making or keeping of malt, or keeping of corn or grain making into malt, without first giving notice in writing to the collector of the dillrift, of his or her intention to erect, or set up, alter or enlarge, or make use of such ciflern, uting-vat, utensil, or other vessel, or such kiln, floor, room, or other place, or shall keep or make use of any cistern, uting-vat, utensil or other vessel, fer the wetting his or their barley, or other corn or grain to make malt, or any kiln, floor, room, or other place, for the making or keeping of malt, or grain making into malt, other than those which shall have been registered as herein after mentioned, and which shall be openly known and made use of in his cr her common malting-house, on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds for every such cistern, uting-vat, utensil, or other vessel, kiln, floor, room, or other place so crested or set up, altered, or enlarged without such notice as aforesaid, or kept private cr concealed, or made use of without such registry as aforesaid.

The thirtieth T'ear of George III. 75

XVI. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, D.

one thousand seven hundred and ninety, every maltster or maker of malt, vholc T"QO. malt-house or malt-houses shall be situate in a city or the suburbs of a city, or 6.

in any market-town, shall at least twenty-four hours bifere he or she shall begin *+/*mJ

to wet any corn or grain to be made into malt, give, or c.tule to be given to

the gauger of the walk in which such malt-house Avail bo situated, a notice in

writing of the particular hour or time of the day when he or flic intends to wet corn or grain to be made into malt, and every other ntaltfier or maker of malt, whose malt-house or malt-houses Anil not be situated in any city, or the suburbs of a city, or in any market-town, shall at leak fot tv-eigl:t hours beh r: he or Ate shall begin to wet any corn or grain to be nude into malt, cause to be given like notice in writing; and in case any such maltster or maker of malt shall not begin to wet lus or her corn or grain, and immediately proceed to cover the whole thereof with water at the hour or time mentioned in such notice, or within three hours after the expiration of such hour and time, then every such notice shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be null and veld; and every such maltster or maker of malt shall be obliged to give a fresh and like notice before he or she shall begin to wet any corn or grain, and that no such maltster or maker of malt shall begin to wet any corn or grain to be made into malt, except between the hours of four in the morning and nine in the evenings and in case any such maltster or maker of malt shall neglect or refuse to give such notice, or having given a notice which shall so become void, shall r.cglecl or refuse to give a like notice, or having given such notice or notices, and begun to wet any corn or grain in pursuance thereof, shall neglect or refuse immediately to cover the whole thereof with water, and to continue the fame so covered fer the full space of forty hours from the time of its being first wet and covered, or Avail begin to wet any corn or grain at any other time than between the hours of four in the morning and nine in the evening, or if any such maltster or maker of malt after the officer shall have taken an account of the corn or grain keeping in the eiftern or uting-vat, or other wetting place, or utensil, shall add fresh corn "

or grain to the corn or grain so keeping, every such maltster or maker of rr.a’r, offending in any of the said cases, shall for every such offence respectively, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds\ and if any corn or grain making into nialt of the wetting of which such notice as aforesaid shall not have been given, shall b-: found in any malt-house, or on any floor, kiln, or other place belonging to any maltster or maker of mail, every such maltster or maker of malt fer every time such corn or grain shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of ope hundred pounds.

XVII. And whereas persons making malt have frequently removed ont of their keeps, cisterns, and uting-vats, corn and grain making into malt, of the wetting of which notice hath been given as by this act is required, and replaced the fame with other corn and grain to be made into malt, without having given notice of the wetting thereof, and have pretended that such corn or grain hath been corn or grain of the wetting of which they gave notice, and that it required a length of time to steep the fame sufficiently: for the prevention whereof, be it enacted, That all corn or grain which shall be found in any steep, eiftern,

or uting-vat, after seventy-two hours from the hour mentioned in the notice* herein before directed to be given, of the wetting of corn or grain to be made into malt, shall be confiuered as new corn or grain to be made into malt, and be charged with duty accordingly, and the person making the same into malt, shall be fabjeci to the penalty by this act inflicted on persons wetting corn or grain to be made into malt, without having given notice thereof as is hereby required.

7G ‘The thirtieth Year of George III.

A- D.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if after the duty by this act imposed, shall have

1 79°* hceti paid by or charged on any nv.iltfter, or maker of ir.a’t, or o:hcr person hav-

-hap. 5. mult in his or her possession, any quantity of such malt shall by acet'ent happen to be damaged or loft, by fire, or shall perish or be damaged by any inevitable accident happening to any barge or vessel in which such malt shall be transported, or trar.sporting from any one pa it of this kingdom to any other part thereof, cr put on board for that purnofe, it shall and may he lawful to and for the respective proprietors of such malt to make proof thereof on the oath of one or more credible whness or vitnesses, before the principal officer of excise, in the respective districts where fuel) malt was burned, or put cn board, or loft or damaged, which oath, every such cilicer is hereby authorized and required to administer; and upon such proof beinc made to the satisfiiftion of the commissioners of the revenue, and nkc proof that, the malt was entirely loft or tlestroyed, or so damaged, as to be totally unfit for use, and that the duty thereof was charged or paid, as the case shall be, it shall and may be lawful for them to pay or allow to the proprietor or proprietors of such malt, out of the duties arising by virtue of this act, so much money as thali have been charged or paid for the duty of the malt so lost or destroyed, or damaged, or to vacate the charge as to so much of the duties as shall have been charged only, and not paid.

XIX. Provided always That all such malt not entirely lost or destroyed, but only damaged as aforesaul, shall, before fuel* payment or allowance by the commissioners, he publickly burned, or otherwise destroyed by order of the said commissioners.

XX. Provided also, That if any person fl-all defraud your Majesty, your heirs or successors, by receiving from any collector of your Majesty's revenue, any sum or fun.5 of money upon pretence of such loss cr damage by him, her, or them sustained, or by having the charge of any duties, allowed or vacated upon any such pretence, where no such loss or damage shall have been sustained, then every such person shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds fer every five pounds which such person Audi so fraudulently receive, be allowed, or fir which flub charge Avail be vacated, and so in proportion for any greater or less K.r.i.

XXI. And be it enacted, That all malt whatsoever, which shall be found conveying or carrying by land or by water, from any one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, and ail sacks or bags, calks or vessels containing the fame, together with the cart, car, or other carriage or draft, and all tackle thereunto belonging, and the horse or bead drawing or carrying the fame, shall be forfeited, and in case of conveyance by water as aforesaid, the ship, boat, or other vessel conveying the fame, with all her tackle, furniture, and apparel, shall also be forfeited, unk Is a permit shall be produced for the fame, under the hand of the proper officer, and that every porter or carman, or matter or person having the charge of such cart, car, carriage or beatt, ship, boat, or other vessel carrying . cr conveying such mr.lt, find! forfeit the sum of five pounds, and in default of payment thereof, shall fuller three months imprisonment.

XXII. And be it enacted, That cveiy such perfnit for the carrying and conveying of malt, thali contain the rial name and fur*name, or names and surnames, ;-iul place of abode of the person or persons lending such malt, and of the person cr pirfor.s to whom the fimie shall be font, and the true quantity thereof, and t »:c Teal name and surname of the jcilon who made the said malt, and was charged with the duty thereof, and the time when the duty which had been charged thereon was paid, and shall specify the time it shall be in force j and also

fl-ail

The thirtieth Year of George III.

ih.iH contain such other particulars as shall be directed from time to time by the commissionevs or the revenue.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in all cases where by law a permit, or let-pass for carrying malt from one place to another is required, ami inch permit or det-pass llir.ll be ilHted or taken nut, the owner or other permit cr pcvlotis to wuom such malt shall be fold, consigned, or fern, fluil either v/itum twenty-lour hours, Or in case a Sunday, Christnns-Dav, or Good-l-’riJ.iy (halt intervene, then in forty-eight hours after the arrival of such malt at the place to which it Ilia! have been sent or directed, or within twenty-four hours, or hitty-ei.-ht lumn relpcc-tively, as the case lltall happen as aforesaid, after the expiration of the time limited, in fitch permit or let-pass, repair to the furvevor or other officer of o:cife, at such place with such permit or kt-pass, and ledge the fame uiih him, and tuch luv-veyor or other oilicer of excite shall thereupon repair to the place v. here such malt Avail then be, and Audi then and there comp, re the fame with the contents of the Add permit, and shall take the said permit from the owner or oilier person having charge of the fame, and upon affidavit made by the person or persons to whom such malt shall have been so fentj which affidavit, such surveyor, gauger or gaugers, are hereby respcGuvely authorized to take, that the malt mentioned in such permit, was really ami truly brought from the place mentioned in such permit, by virtue and in pursuance there.ol, such furvevor or gauger, shall without fee or reward forthwith give to the person so bringing such permit or let-pate, a certificate signed by such officer, that such permit or let-pass was lodged with him, which certificate shall contain a copy of such permit cr let-pass without crafure or interlineation, and the day of granting such certificate, which certificate shall be deemed, taken, and allowed to be of the fame efleft as such permit or let-pass for every purpose for which such permit or let-pass might be used, had not the fame been lodged with fuclt officer as aforesaid, in the'manner herein directed.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if any malt be found in the possession of any person or persons after the space of twenty-four hours, or for:yeight hours respectively as aforesaid, from the arrival of such malt, and from the expiration of the time limited in the permit or let-pass by which such malt was ctrried and conveyed, the same shall be forfeited, unless such person shall have obtained, and shall produce such certificate as is herein before directed, and chat it shall and may be lawful for any officer of his Majesty's revenue lo seize such malt, together with the sacks or packages in which the fame stir.ll he contained.

XXV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for any officer of jour Majesty's revenue, entering pursuant to tlte provisions herein contained, into the houses, out-houses, mills, store-koufes, or other places whatsoever herein mentioned, to demand a permit or let-pass signed by the proper officer, for all malt that shall be found therein, except such malt as shall have been made by the maltster, or maker of malt, in whose public or registered (lores the same shall be found, and if on demand made by such officer as aforesaid, no permit or let-pass for such malt signed as aforesaid, cr such certificate thereof as aforesaid, nor copy thereof attelled by the proper officer, shall be produced within a reasonable time after such demand, or proof made that a ptrmit cr certificate had been granted for the fame, and was afterwards lost or mislaid, then all such malt shall be deemed and taken to be unlawfully made, and shall be forfeited as such, together with the sacks or bags in which the same shall be contained, and the fame may be feued , and every person in whose pofficfiion any malt shall be found, without such permit or certificate as aforesaid, shall for every barrel of such nu!t so found in his or her possession, forfeit the him of twenty shillings.

Vol. XV. U

77 A.D.

179°. Chap. 6.

XXVI. Aai

oo r->. T'he thirtieth Year of Ge.,.^ +1-

A.D. 179°-Chap. <3.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if any ground malt Hull be found in the possession of any brewer or difliller, wetted or maflied in any kieve, pan, boiler, bach, or ether utensil in the pnfllfiion of such brewer or difliller, and if on demand made by any such officer as aforesaid, a permit or let-pass for such malt, signed as aforesaid, ora certificate or a copy thereof attested as aforesaid, shall not be produced within a rcafnnable time after such.demand, nor proof made that a permit or certificate had been granted for the fame, and was afterwards loft or ir.ifiaid, then all such malt so found, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the brewer or difulicr in whole pofilfiion - the same shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That if any malt exceeding in the whole the quantity of fix {tones, shall be conveyed or carried by land or by water from place to place within this kingdom, and that there shall not be ilamped or marked on the outside of crery sack or other package containing such malt on both fides thereof, and at or near the middle of such sack or other package, the word, Jl'LiIt, in large \ Iain black Roman letters, not less than three inches in length, or if that part of every such sack or package on which the word, Malt, shall be so stamped or marked, or if the uppermost sack or package, where there shall be more sacks or packages than one on the fame carriage, or in the fame boat or vessel, Hull not be placed so as to appear to publick view, without altering the pofirion of such sack or other package; then and in every such case, all such malt, with the sacks or packages containing the fame, and also the beast, car, or other carriage, or boat or vessel carrying, bearing, or drawing the fame, with all tackle thereto respectively belonging, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That every brewer or difliller who shall remove any malt from any kiln-house, store-house, or other place belonging to him, into his or her brewery or distillery, shall obtain a permit or let-pass, signed by the proper officer, for the fame, whether such malt shall have been made by such brewer or difliller, or purchased from any other person, for every which permit the sum of one penny, and no more, shall be paid; and if malt shall be found in any brewery or distillery, whether such malt shall have been made by such brewer or difliller, or purchased from any other person, for which a permit or let-pass, signed by the proper oilicer, or a certificate shall not be produced on demand of any officer, or within a reasonable time after such demand, unless proof shall be nude that such permit or certificate had been granted, and that the fame was afterwards loft or niifUid, then all such malt, together with the sacks and bags (if any) in which the same shall be contained, shall be seized and forfeited, or the find malt, if manufacturing into beer, ale, or spirits, shall be considered as malt which has not paid duty, and shall be liable to forfeiture, and the person in whose possession it shall be found, shall be subject and liable to such fines and penalties as persons in whose possession concealed malt is found, or liable to

XXIX. And whereas inaltfters, and others dealing in malt, have frequently, after the officers of your Majesty's revenue have taken an account of the flock of malt of such persons, and entered the fame in their stock-books, decreased their flock of malt by having fold or otherwise disposed of or consumed the fame, and have suffered malt to be removed from their flores without a permit, whereby great frauds have been committed, for prevention whereof: be it enacted, That in every case where the stock of malt in the flores of any maltster, or dealer in malt, brewer, or difliller, shall be less than the quantity of malt, which by the fleck account kept by such officer of the malt of such person or persons, he, she, or they ought to have in his, her, or their flores, every such person, for every time such dccreafu shall appear, shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings, for each and every

Ubt .... i«t uj George III. 79

every barrel which shall be deficient of the quantity, which by the stock-book, A.D. or account of ftcck kept by such onicer, such maUfter, or dealer in malt, brewer, 179®*

or diiliiler, ought to have in his, her, or their possession in his, her, or their Qjap. 6»

{lore. '—"'V"-"*'

XXX. And be it enacted, That no inland or cnafting bounty whatsoever, shall be paid or payable on any malt brought to the city of Dublin, unless the person or persons who shall claim such bounties respectively, shall at the time of demanding the fame, produce and deliver to the officer empowered to pay the same, such certificate as is herein before directed to be given in lieu of such permit, a true copy whereof, every such officer Audi forthwith give to such person, attested by himself, which copy Audi be of equal authenticity with the original certificate for the several purposes hereby enabled in respect of such cei-tificate.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That no maltster or person making malt, Aiall make, fell, or expose to sale any malt, without having (nil registered with the collector of the district, in which such person shall reftde, his or her name and place of abode, and his or her several malt-houses, lleeps, cisterns, uting-vats, kilns^ utensils, and other implements for making corn or grain into malt, and the several rooms, stores, and other places for the keeping of malt, or of corn or grain making into malt, and also the several doors in his Gr her several mnlt-house or malt-houses, and the dimensions thereof, specifying the number of l'quare feet which they contain, and also the dimensions of the several deeps or cisterns therein, and also specifying the quantity of barley which each shall be capable of holding, or in default thereof, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and for every such registry, the sum of one Hulling, and no more, shall be demanded and paid.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall register his, her, or their malt-house, or malt-houses, or carry on the trade of a nialtfier in any other name than his, her, or their own name or names, or in the name or names of any person or persons, except those who Aiall be really interested in such malt-house or malt-houses, and for whose benefit and advantage the same shall be carried on, then and in every such case the person or persons so ostend-.ing, shall respectively forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That no registry of any malt-house or other house,

which after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, hath been, or which shall be creeled for, or converted to the purpose of making malt for sale, or shall be used by any brewer or distiller, shall be received by the said commissioners or their officers, unless the steep or eiftern therein, shall be of dimensions sufficient to contain twenty-five barrels of barley at the least, nor unless such malt-house shall contain after the rate of two thou-saud six hundred square feet of growing and drying floors, and three hundred and twenty-four square feet of kiln floor for every twenty-five barrels of barley which the steep shall be capable of containing; nor ftiaJI any registry of any such malt-house be received, unless there shall be a square couch frame for each and every steep or eiftern contained in such malt-house erected, fixed, and secured in such manner that the surveyor or other officer may take an area thereof, and which shall be of the depth of two feet at least, and not more than three feet, and capable of receiving the fame quantity of grain as the steep or cif-tern; and if any registry of any malt-house, the steep or eiftern in which shall not be of the dimensions aforesaid, or which shall not contain the respective numbers of square feet of growing and drying floors and kiln floors, or in which there shall not be such square frame for every steep or eiftern therein as aforesaid, shall be mace, such registry is hereby declared to be null and void;


uO The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

and *>2 person using such malt-house, shall he subject to all :uc;i penalties and I 790. forfeitures as any person u/ing a malt-house not reghUTeJ is by tins act fub-0.:itv b. Je£l to*

XXXIV. Provided always, That in all cases where the floor of the Iain of any malt-house fa creeled or converted shall be covered with iron wire, or iron plates, such malt-houfo may be regiilero] by the f.iid commiliiouers, although it Hull not contain n number of squaro feet of kiln floor after the rate atorvl.dd.

XXXV. Ami Ik it enacted, That where any'niait-house shall be registered in the name of any person or persons under the aye of tweilty-one ye.ir.Sj CVCiy such person shall be liable to the payment of all duty or duties of exetfe, and of all penalties and forfeitures that may be incurred and become payable by this act, and be subject to such regulations and restrictions, as fully to all intents and purposes, a:; if such person or persont* was or were adult and of full age.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That every person making malt, or making corn cr grain into malt, shall keep constantly fixed on his or her malt-house, or nvalt-houses, flairs, or steps belonging to every floor, or other place belonging to every such malt-house, which shall be used for keeping malt, or coni, or grain making into malt, fuflic’ient to enable the olflcers of excite who Hull enter such nialt-koufe, at all times to have easy and convenient needs to the fever.ll flours, floras, and other places belonging to every such malt-house, and limit on demand of any such officer ns aforesaid, made to the owner of such malt-house, or to the person attending at such malt-house, furnish such officer with lights sufficient to enable him to view, gauge, and take an account of malt, and corn or grain making into malt in such malt-house, and in every floor, store, or other place therein, or shall for every neglect or default in either of the said cases, forfeit the luni of twenty pounds.

XXXV U. And be it enacted, That all corn or grain making into male, shall be immediately after the same shall be thrown out of any steep or dflern, put into such couch frame as aforesaid, and shall there remain thirty hours at lead, or i’u.h manlier or maker of malt shall net be entitled to the allowance herein directed.

XXW11l. And be it enacted, That if any malt cr corn, or grain making into malt, shall be found in cr upon any kiln, floor, store, or other place for the

making or keeping of malt, or of corn or grain making into malt, not duly en-

tered and regiflcred according to the provisions of tin’s act, or if any corn or grain avh.itfnever be found in Iteep, cr wetted in any place, except in cilUrns, uting-vai!, or oilier wetting places, cr utenflls duly entered 2nd registered as aforesaid, nil such malt and corn, together with the f.icks, hags, or vefleU containing the fame, shall be forfeited *, and the owner or owners thereof, or the perfoil or per-

ions in whole pofldllon the same shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings for every barrel thereof.

XXXIX. Am! wheTcas it is necessary for the collection of the duties on malt, that papers called specimen-papers /liottM be put lip and preferred in every niitlf-house, in order that the ofllcers of the revenue, v/hofe duty it is to visit such malt-hunies, fhotdd enter on such paper their visits at such nvalt-houses respectively, and the gauges depending on such visits: be it enacted, That cvcrv maltster, or maker of malt for sale, who shall be furnished by any ollicer of the revenue with any such fp?cimen-p per, shall put the fame up in his malt-house, and preserve and keep the ianie polled in such manner that any officer of the revenue visiting such m;.l:-house may view the fame and make entries thereon, and if any such maltster oi maker of malt, shall not keep and preserve such specimen-paper in manner herein directed, unavoidable accidents excepted, he or ihc shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five pounds.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

XL. Atid for the better encouragement of common brewers, ami makers cf A

strong beer or ale for file, and to the end that no such brewer or maker of strong j

beer or ale for sale, or any retailer thereof, may be under the ueedfity of felling the fame at a higher rate than the usual prices: be it enacted, That there shall be

paid and allowed to every common brewer or maker of strong beer or ale for lale, the sum of one {billing and six pence for every barrel of such llrong bter or ale by him or her so brewed, containing thirty-two gallons, each ga'lon containing two hundred and seventeen cubical inches and fix-tenths cf a cubical inch, by v.*av of compensation for the duty imposed hv this act upon the malt whereof such llrong beer or ale shall be made *, provided that it ins!1 appear to the f.iii? faction of the commissioners of your Majesty's revenue, that such allowance is claimed on all the strong beer or ale made or brewed by the person claiming fitch allowance within the period in which the same shall be alledged to have been made or brewed; and that the duties payable on all such strong bevr or ale have beat chat god, fate on such quantities as he, flic, or they r.t’.v be entitled to be allowed as common brewers.

XLI. Provided also, That proof upon oath to the ftiLfaclinn of the said commissioners be iirft made, which oath every commissiona1, fuh-Commissioner, and collector, or such other person as is or Q14.ll be lawfully authorized for that purpose, is hereby empowered to administer of the quantity of nu't lift'd in nuking and brewing such tlrong beer er aie, and unless such llrong beer Ith.«t {pceie* of strong beer called porter, that such quantity was not less than after the rate cf fix stones and an half to each barrel, containing such thirty-two gallons as a fa laid, and also that not less than two pounds of hops were tifed in making and brewing every such barrel 5 and for every barrel of any species of strong beer in which a Ids quantity of malt than ftven Hones and a quarter shall be used, no greater allowance shall be made than after the rare of two pence halfpenny for every Ho w cf malt actually used therein, in lieu of the allowance herein bel'010 mentioned.

XLII. Provided also, That where a drawback shall be claimed on strong beer made and brewed in any place where brewers arc not, or shall not be permitted to brew, as well small beer as strong beer, like proof on oath shall be made that no part of the worts produced from the said malt, or any of the malt, or other material used in making the said strong beer or ale, hath been used in making filial! beer.

XLIII. Provided also, That proof to the f.uisfaction of the said commissioners be fitft made of the payment of the duty, chargeable by virtue of this act, upon a.! malt from which such llrong beer or ale Hull be made or brewed.

XLIV. Provided also, That such certificate or certificates as is or are herein directed to be given in lieu of the permit or permits for all such malt, or an arteited copy or copies thereof, shall be produced and delivered before such allowance be paid, and that such person shall also swear that the llrong beer or ale, for which he or the so demands an allowance, was made or brewed from the malt specified in the permit or permits, a copy of which is or are contained in such certificate or certificates.

XLV. And be it enacted, That there shall he made and allowed to every oiftil-ler or maker of t'/ju.j vit*, spirits, or strong waters, within this kingdom, f:om malt, an abatement of five penes of the duty or duties now payable, or which shall bs payable, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament paiicd in the present session, to your Majesty, your heirs or fucciflors, upon every gallon of aqua vit,:, spirits, or strong waters by him or her made or diililled from malt during the time rforefiid, as a fall jwipcnfjtion for th: dtry i.npofjd by this act on the null

82 The thirtieth Year of George III.

1) whereof such aqua w/'/V, spirits, or strong waters, shall have been made, and a

further abatement of one penny for every gallon of such aqua vita, spirits, or strong waters*, provided it shall appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of your Majesty's revenue, that such allowance is claimed on all the spirits made or distilled by the person claiming such allowance within the period in which the same shall be alledged to have been made or distilled, and that the duties payable on such spirits have been charged on all such aqua vita, spirits, or strong waters, five such quantity thereof as such person is by law entitled to be allowed in respect to such spirits being distilled from a still or dills of certain diinenfions or contents , and provided that proof on oath to the iatisfacrion of the said commissioners be first made, which oath every commissioner, fub-commissioner, ami collector, cr such other person as ia or shall be lawfully authorized for that purpose, is hereby empowered to adminiiWr, of the quantity of malt used in diililling the fame, and that such aqua vita, spirits, or strong waters, were distilled from malt only.

XLVI. Provided also, That it shall appear to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, that the duty chargeable by this act upon all the malt from which such aqua vita, spirits, or strong waters shall have been so made or distilled hath been paid.

XLVII. Provided also, That such certificate or certificates, or an attested copy or copies thereof as herein mentioned, for all such malt, shall be produced and delivered before such allowance shall be paid, and such person shall also swear that the aqua vita, spirits, or strong waters, for which he or flic so demands an allowance, were made or distilled from the malt fpscified in the permit or permits, a copy of which is or are contained i;i such certificate or certificates, and no di~ stiller shall be allowed a greater allowance than after the rate of two shillings and six pence for every barrel of malt so used in distilling such spirits, and one penny for every gallon of the said spirits which shall have been so charged with duty, any

thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And whereas monthly vouchers arc returned to the proper officer of the quantities of beer and ale, and of aqua vita, spirits, and strong waters, brewed and distilled within every month, ending the twenty-fifth day of each month, save the months of June and September, the former of which ends on the twenty-fourth day thereof, and the latter of which ends the twenty-ninth day thereof; therefore towards enabling the said commissioners to judge whether such brewer and distiller claiming the allowance aforesaid, claims the fame on all the strong beer or ale, or aqua vita, spirits, or strong waters respectively brewed and made, or distilled by him or her within the period in which it Avail be alledged the fame were brewed, made, or distilled: be it enacted, That no such allowance shall be made to any such brewer or distiller, if it shall appear to the said commissioners that the period within which lie or (he shall alledge that such strong beer or ale, aqua vita, spirits, or strong waters were respectively brewed, made cr distilled, (ha!) comprize any greater or less space of time than from the twenty-fifth day of any one month to the twenty-fifth day of any succeeding month, save the month of June, which shall be computed to end on the twenty-fourth day thereof, and the month of September, which shall be computed to end on the twenty-ninth day thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That if any aqua vita, spirits, or strong waters, shall after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, be made or distilled within this kingdom, from any corn or grain unmalted, all such aqua vita, spirits, or strong waters, and the calks, or other vessels containing the fame, shall be forfeited and seized, and in every such case, the proof shall lie on the party claiming such spirits, and not on the officer seizing the same.

The thirtieth Year of George III. 83

L. And be it enacted, That upon all aqua vU.r, i'pirits, or strong waters, which A. T)» shall be made in this kingdom, between the twenty-lifth day of iSIarch, one thou- 1/90* hind seven hundred and ninety> and the twenty-fifth clay of March, one thous.uul Chap* 6* fjven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, and which shall be made or diitilled within i—y~-- tills kingdom from any other material or materials than malt, except unmalted corn, there shall be paid ami allowed by the collector of excite of the didrift wherein such hqu.t vita, spirits, or (trong waters, shall be made or diddled, an abatement of one penny out of the duty or duties now payable as aforesaid for each and every gallon of such aqua vit.r, spirits, or (trong waters so distilled, to the perfim or p*T-bus so making or distilling the same.

LI. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, there shall be paid and allowed the sum of two shillings and six pence per barrel to every person exporting malt out of this kingdom, on which the duty payable thereon by this act fit.il! have been paid, such payment of two shillings and six pence for each barrel of male, being in the nature of a drawback or compensation for the fame, and to be paid by the collector of the port from whence such malt fliMl be exported., out of any money in his hands arising from any unappropriated aids or duties granted to your Majesty; or if such malt shall be exported within the time allowed bylaw for the payment of the dudes (hereon, then the charge for the duties upon such malt shall be vacated for so much as shall be exported, upon the person or persons exporting the fame, performing respectively the fame requisites, and complying with the like regulations and rcflriftions as are to be made and observed by persons exporting any article whereon any bounties or drawbacks are payable for obtaining the same.

LII. And be it enacted, That no bounty whatsoever shall be paid on the inland carriage of any malt to Dublin, unless the fame (hat! fell for eight shillings at lead per barrel, and that but one-half of the said bounty shall be paid upon all malt which (bail fell for more than eight shillings, and not for more than ten shillings per barrel 5 ami tli.it no bounty whatsoever shall be paid in any case on the land carriage of malt to Dublin, unless there shall be added to the oath to be taken before the paymaster of com premiums, or his deputy, by the corn factor or person felling the fame, ami claiming bounty for malt so bought, the words following, that is to f.iy, " That every barrel of malt for which said bounty is claimed was good, merchantable, properly manufactured, well trodden, fereened, and cleansed from dirt and other impurities; and that every barrel of such malt, and not merely the average thereof, did actually fell, without any practice or collusion, for the full sum of eight shillings, or ten shillings, and upwards, by the barrel," as the case may be.

LIII. And be it enacted, That all and Angular the said duties, rates, and im-pofttions hereby granted, shall be raised, answered, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors during the time aforesaid, in like manner, except as to bonding die fame, or any discount for prompt payment, and the fame, and all penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act, shall and may be sued for, levied, and recovered, and applied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are preferred, directerl, and appointed, in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled,

An act for the settling of the txiife, or new impsjl upon his Majesty his heirs andfur-ceJfors, according to the bo.k of rates therein inserted / or in or by any other act or acts of parliament now of force, relative to the revenue of excise, concerning the duties, penalties, and forfeitures therein mentioned, as fully and effectually to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly reenacted ill this act, with the like remedy of appeal, to and for the party cr par-X 2 ties

§4 thirtieth Year of George III.

t f

A.D.

ties aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act or acts, or any of them is 1790. provided.

LIV. Provided always, That the monies arising by the fule of any malt, or of corn or grain making into malt, and of the fucks in which the same shall be contained, which according to any of the provisions of this act shall be forfeited, shall go to the officers respectively who shall have seized the fame, deducting fer the use of your Majesty, your heirs ami successors thereout, two shillings and six pence for every barrel so forfeited, over and above the duty chargeable thereon; any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. And be it enacted, That neither the six pence per pound, nor any other fee shall be payable to, or be deducted or received by the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver or paymaster-gener.il, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom for their own use, for or on account of the issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for, or on account of the aids hereby granted to your Majesty, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this act, but that the same shall be received and duly accounted for to your Majesty, your heirs and successors.

CHAP. VII.

An Act for granting certain Aids., Duties, and Impof lions, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Time therein mentioned, and for continuing the Ejfetl of a Treaty of Commerce and Navigation concluded between His Majesty and the Mofl Christian King.

WHEREAS by a treaty of navigation and commerce Concluded between )’°ur Majesty and the mofl Christian king, wines, beer, cutlery, hardware, cabinet-ware, and turnery, all works of iron, flccl, copper and brals, and all forts of cottons manufactured in the dominions of his mofl Christian Majesty in Europe; also woollens, whether knit or wove, including hoficry, fadlcry, gauzes; also millinary made up of muslin, lawn, cambrick, or gauze, of the manufacture of France, or of any place belonging to or under the dominion of his most Christian Majesty in Europe; also linens, camfcricks, earthen ware, pottery, and porcelain, plate, glass, and glass ware, are to be imported into this kingdom on payment of certain duties as in the said treaty is particularly stipulated and agreed upon: in order therefore to continue the efteft of the said treaty, and as a further supply towards the support of your Majesty's government, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it be enacted, and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until the twenty* fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, all wines and linens being the produce or manufacture of France, imported into this kingdom, and all beer, cutlery, hardware, cabinet ware, and turnery, all works of iron, Heel, copper and brass, and all forts of cottons manufactured in the

dominions

The thirtieth Year of Gcores III. 85

(ion'.irior.j of his moll Christian Majesty in Europe, nlfo woollens whether knit A.D.

or wore, including hoficry, firdlcry, gauzes, aiio mihuary n:.cie up <-5' rnuilin, I/OO.

lawn, cjmlnuk, or gauze <4 the tnar.u;.r. u,re of lr.u-.cc’, or of any place belong- Gup. 7.

ivg to or u:Ar the thmiimon ol his nudi Chihlim tl y in Europe, ;ufo ca:-

bricks eairhen ware, pottery and pnc-Vm, pl.r.-. , i;Val, .\nd pi.Is v.u.re, maybe

imported into this kingdom in any lhutiih or Iviih nuilt ship or vvfiVi owned,

gated, and legillered according to law, cr in nr.y French i-uilr {kip cr vet:’:! wholly

owned by the subject of his mo<t Christiun May-fly, and wher-vft! e nv.uitr ;.nd

three fourths of the mariners ;it the kail, arc rUo subjects of his moil Ch.wlhm

Majesty, from any port tv: place whatever in Europe belonging to 01 v.r.Lr the

dominion of his moil Ckriitian Mnjeuy, upon due emrv ol inch goods at the

cuilom-honlo in the pen or place in this kingdom into which the lime shall be

respsclively brought or imported, and on payment of the liver..I and respeiflhe

duties inserted, described, and fit forth in the foiiedu'e in u!:cd, No. 1. ):ia*u:no

annexed, previous to the ur.ftiinring cr lauding of fitch goods vdpcciively, ami

there flirtii be raised, levied, collected, ami paid unto your Majesty, you. I or*

and tV.eccficis, on the importation of fuel: g< ods, w-.-.r*.?, and meich.mdiVes into

this ki- c lom during the time ajoR-f.iid, the fo\er;:l duties uloecliveiv let form

in the f. - 'chcdulc hereunto annexed, s...y lav:, union', e:r ullpe to the contrary

RorwithlUncing; winch ilveral duties Ih.ill be paid down in ready money net,

without any discount cr allowance v/hatilcvcr for prom.}-: payment, ..ml Jh.nl be

in lieu of all cedes payable to your Majuty, by r.;y I.;\v or U*s now of force in this kingdom.

II. And be it further enacted, That from ami after the twenty-sinh el.iy et March, one thoulatul seven humired and ninety, until the twenty-fifth day of Match, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclubve, any sort of French wine may be imported into this kingdom in quart bottles or Safes, either for sale or otherwise’, any law, custom, cr usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Hull extend, or be construed to extend, to permit or allow the importation of any French cambricks or lawns, otherwise than in ships or vessels of the burden of li.\ty tons or upwards, and in bales, cases, or boxes, covered with lackdoth or c.uivas, c;xii of which bales, cases, or boxes, shall contain one hundred whole pieces, or two hundred demi or half pieces of such cambricks or lawns j or the importation of any French wines in bottles or stalks, other than in packages, each of which Uiall contain at the least three dozen quart bottles or stalks, and in case any French cambricks or lawns, or any French wines in bottles or flaJks shall be imported in any other form or manner, or in any less quantity than as aforesaid, the same shall be, and are hereby declared to be forfeited, and shall and may be fuzed by any officer or officers of the revenue.

IV. And whereas it is stipulated in the said treaty of navigation and commerce, that all articles of the growth, produce, cr manufacture of the dominions of the said two sovereigns in Europe, not included in the sixth article of the fl.id treaty,

shall be mutually imported on payment of duties as low as are payable on the importation of like articles from any other European nation: and whereas sli such articles included in the said sixth aiticie of the said treaty, so far as the fame relates to this kingdom are contained in the schedule hereunto annexed: be it enacted,

That for and upon all articles, the growth, produce, cr manufacture of France, cr of any place bjonging to, or under the dominion of his most Umflian Majesty in Europe, not mentioned in the said schedule, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, directly from France, or from any place belonging to, or under the dominion of his ir.dl Christian Majesty in Europe, no

86 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

higher duties shall be raised, levied, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and 1790. Tuccessors, than payable on the importation of the like articles from any other Chap, 7. f°Icign European nation imported into this kingdom, any law, usage, or custum W-’V* to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, That if any of the wines mentioned in the said schedule hereunto annexed, upon which the duties hereby granted are charged upon the importation thereof, shall after payment thereof, be again exported by any merchant or merchants to any place, except the British settlemems on the coast of Africa, or the British plantations in America or the West Indies, within three years after the importation thereof, and if due proof be first made by certificate from the proper officer of the due entry and payment of the said duties, and that all other requires have been performed which are by law required to be performed for obtaining drawbacks, that then the several drawbacks upon the said wines in the schedule hereunto annexed, marked No. 2, respectively mentioned, shall without any delay, fee, or deduction, be repaid for each ton thereof, and so ia proportion for any greater or less quantity, unto such merchant or merchants so exporting the fame, within one month after demand thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

VI. And be it further enacted, That the value of such goods, wares, or merchandizes, according to which the duties thereby imposed and ascertained, and let forth in the said schedule (No. 1.) hereunto annexed, are to be answered, levied, collelfced, and paid, shall in all cases be taken to be so much as such imported goods, wares, or merchandizes respectively are really worth at the port of importation, and that such value and price shall be ascertained by the declaration of the importer or proprietor of such goods, or Jus known agent or fa<stor, in manner and form following, that is to say,

I A. 11. do hereby declare, thnt the gsods mentioned in this entry, and contained in the pcchiges, (here specifying the fiveral packages, and defer thing the several marks and mm-bt rsj as the case may be) are of the growth) product, or mamtfaftttre (as the case may he) of and that lam the importer cr

proprietor thereof, cr that I am duly authorized by C.D. the importer or proprietor (htrt'fy (as the case may be) and I do enter the fame at the value of

Witness my hand day of

(A.B.)

The above declarationJigned the day of

in the presence of

Which declaration shall be written on the warrant of the entry of such goods, wares, or merchandizes, and shall be subscribed with the name of the importer or proprietor thereof, or his known agent or fnflor, in the presence of one of the principal officers of the revenue of the port of importation, who shall certify the fame under his hand, and such declaration so made and signed shall be to all intents and purposes whatsoever, of the fame force and efiett, and the importers or proprietors of such goods, wares, or merchandizes, shall be in every respect bound by such declaration, as fully and cffc&ually as if the value of such goods, wares, or merchandizes, had been as heretofore ascertained by the oath or affirmation of such importer or proprietor} and if upon view and examination thereof by the proper officers of the revenue, it shall appear to them that such goads, wares, or merchandizes, or any of them, are not valued according to

the true price or value thereof, and according to the true intent and meaning of this act, that then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said officers of your Majesty's revenue, as soon as conveniently may be, and without any

The thirtieth Year of George III. 87

any umteceflary delay, to take and detain (itch goods, wares, and merchandizes, D,

and to cause the same to be carried and conveyed into your Majesty's wareJioufe, j jgo. or otherwise properly secured at the port of importation, for the use and benefit Chap- 7. of your Majesty, and the commissioners of the revenue, or any three of them, are hereby respectively empowered to dircc-l the collector of the port in this kingdom into which futh goods, ‘wares, or merchandizes may have been imported, to pay out of any money in his hands applicable to the fame, to the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandizes, the value whereof so ascertained as afore-faitl, together with an addition of ten pounds per centum^ thereon; and also ti.e duties paid on the importation of such goods, but without any further allowance either on account of freight or any other charge or expence whatever, v.htch payment the said commissioners of your Majesty's revenue are hereby directed to cause to be made within fifteen days after the goods shall have been so taken and detained.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such payment so made to the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize respectively shall be deemed ami taken to be in full satisfaction for the same, to all intents and purposes, as it such goods, wares, or merchandize respe£Uvdy had been regularly fold; am! it shall ui:d may be lawful for the said commissioners, whether the value of the goods, wares, or merchandize so respectively ascertained as aforesaid, together with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon; and also of the duties paid on the importation thereof be demanded or not, to cause the said goods, wares, or merchandize rc-speclively to be fairly and pubJickly sold to the bell advantage; and in case these shall be any overplus remaining from the produce of such sale, after deducting the value so ascertained as aforesaid, together with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and of the duties paid on the importation thereof; and also the charges arising from the warehousing and sale of such goods, the said commissioners shall ami may order one moiety of such overplus to he paid to the several and respective oflicers of the revenue concerned in the view and examination of such goods, wares, or merchandize, as an encouragement for the faithful discharge of their duty, and the other moiety of such overplus, together with the amount of the value of the goods so ascertained as aforesaid, with the addition of ten pounds per centum^ and also of the duties paid on the importation thereof, Audi be paid into the hands of the collector of the port within which such goods shall have been fold for the use of your Majesty; but in case it shall so happen, that the produce of such sale, after deducing the charges arising from the warel.oufing, securing, or sale of such goods, shall not amount to so much as the value of such goods so ascertained as aforesaid, with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and of the duties paid on the importation thereof, that then and in such case the whole produce of the sale of such goods, after deducing the charges arising from the varehousing, securing, and sale thereof, shall be paid to the collector of the port within which such goods shall have been so fold, for the use of your Majesty.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whatever money shall be paid into the hands of any such collector on account of the produce cf such file, shall be by him accounted for in like manner as if such money had been received by him for or on account of the duties hereby granted.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the proper oilicer or oflicers, do keep a Separate and diflmft account of the several articles upon which duties are imposed by this act, which shall be imported, whereon the hereditary duties are, or shall be changed, altered, or removed by this act, and that he or they do reguljrly enter what those hereditary duties would have amounted to on such articles so imported, if the fame were to have continued payable thereon, and that so much

Y 2 money

88 The thirtieth Year of George III.

ftt ])# money ar'sing from the several aids and duties iroposed by this act, as the said j jgO' hereditary duties would h tve so amounted to, shall be reguhriy a:U duly placed Chap. 7. to ^ie a<;count of your Majesty's hereditary revenue.

X. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective duties, rates, and impositions hereby granted, fn.dl be r ftfed, answered, collected and paid unto your Wajolly, your heirs and fuccdlu.s, curing the time aforesaid, in like manner, except as to bonding the fame, or any allowance for discout.t or prompt pwiv.eni; and all forfeitures hereby imposed, shall be sued for, and recovered by such wavi, means, and methods, and by such rules and directions, and with such powers as are appointed, directed, and expressed lor railing, collecting, and paying duties, and suing for and recovering forfeitures, in ami by an act made in tin.-, kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years ofluslate Majtily Charles thefcccr.d, emitted, An aci for the settling of the excise or new ixnpfl upon his Majesty, his heirs andf:c~ cejfrs, according to the bock of rates therein inferUd; or by any ether law now of force, relative to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were enacted by this act, with the like remedy of appeal for the party aggrieved, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws now of force, relative to the duty of excise is provided.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the six pence per pound, and all other fees which shall or may be payable to the vice-treasurer, or vice>treasurers, receiver, or paymaster-general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, upon issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money which shall or may arise out of, or shall or may be received for or on account of the several duties and aids hereby granted to your Majesty, shall be applied by the said vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver or paymaster-general, for the use of your Mnjeily, your heirs and successors, in addition to the duties hereby granted, and fluff! be duly accounted for by him or them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said schedules herein before mentioned, and which are hereunto annexed, shall be deemed and taken as part of this act, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

No. 1.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

No. l.

89

a. n.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties to be paid on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being of the Growth, Induce, or Manufacture of the SLuropean Dominions of His Mod Christian Majesty, which ill all be imported into this Kingdom, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and ninety, to the Twenty-fifth Day of Marc'), One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, to be paid down in ready Money net, without Discount or Allowance, and to be in Lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties of Customs and Excise payable thereon, by Virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made in this Kingdom.

INES, being the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of his most Christian Majesty, which shall br imported.

If filledandim-7 Subject to aliens duty, ported, 3 subject to aliens duty,

If unfilled and } Subject to aliens duty, imported, 5 Not subject to aliens duly.

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

BEER, of the mnnufacture of the European dominions of his most Christian Majesty, imported direlUy from thence into this kingdom, in ships of the built of either country, or British built, owned and navigated according to law, for every hundred pounds

of the value thereof ——

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

- Of the manufacture of the European dominions of his mod

Christian Majesty, imported dirc&Iy from thence into this kingdom, in ships of the built of either country, or British built, owned and navigated according to law, for and upon every thirty-two gallons thereof, a further duty of —

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity. CABINET WARE, TURNERY, and MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS, of the manufacturc of the European dominions of his most Christian Majesty, imported into this kingdom directly from thence, in ships of the built of either country, or British Vol. XV. Z built,

I) U T Y. T. /. <!. soths 36 10 .1

35 0 A 4 33 >4 1 -1 32 12 o 1:

c

o 4 I

The thirtieth Year of George III.

90

A.D. 1790.

D IT T Y.

IO O

And in proportion for Any grater or less value.

ARTICLES made of iron ami fled ftp irately or mixed, cr worked or mounted with other fubflanccr., such articles not exceeding in their wine two pounds fourteen shillings and two pence Irish currency the hundred weight, being of the manufacture of the European dominions of his most Christian Map*fly, and imported directly from thence into this kingdom, in fltips of the bud: of either connin', or Britishi built, owned and navigated according to law, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof 500

Ami so in prepotlion for any greater or less value.

ARTICLES made of iron and Itccl fcpnrniely or mixed, rr worked or mounted with other fubitances, and exceeding in their value two pounds fourteen shillings and two pence Irilli currency the hundred weight 5 ami all buckles, buttons, knives, or feiflurs, ami all other articles of hardware or cutlery, ami all articles made of copper or brass, separately or mixed, or worked or mounted with other fub-fl.mees, all such articles being of the manufacture of the European dominions of Ins most Christian Majesty, and imported directly from thence into this kingdom, in lltips of the built ot either country, or British built, owned and navigated according to law, for every one hundred pounds value thereof ----- IO C O

And so in preportion for any greater or less value.

MANUFACTURES of cotton, whether knit or wove, including ho-hery, being of the manufacture of the European dominions of his most Christian Majesty, and imported directly from thence into this kingdom, in ships of the bulk of either country, or British built, owned and navigated according to law, for every one hundred

pounds value thereof 12 o o

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

WOOLLEN MANUFACTURES of all forts, whether knit or wove, including hoflery, being of the manufacture of the European dominions of his most Christian Majesty, and imported directly from thence into this kingdom, in ships of the built of either country, or British built, owned ami navigated according to law, for every one hundred pounds value thereof 12 o o

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

CAMBR1CKS, of the manufacture of the European dominions of his most Christian Majesty, imported directly from thence into this kingdom, in ships of the built of either country, or British built, owned and navigated according to law, viz.

The derni piece not exceeding seven yards and three quarters of a yard in length, and not exceeding seven eighths of a yard in breadth, or not being above the value of two pounds fourteen shillings and two pence Irilli currency 0 5 5

And so in proportion for any greater quantity.

The demi piece of seven yards and three quarters in length, exceeding seven eighths of a yard in breadth, or being above the

value

The thirtieth Year of George III.

9r

n u T Y.

value of two pounds fourteen finlihigs and two pence Irish currency, for every one hundred pounds of the value of kll such cambricks so imported in demi pieces lo o

And so in proportion for any greater cr less value.

LAWNS of the manufacture of the European dominions of his mdt Christian iWsjtlty, imported direcljy from thence into this kingdom, in fh'ps of the built of cither country, or llritish built, owned and navigated according so law, do.

The demi piece not exceeding liven yards and three quarters of a yard in length, and not exceeding one yard and one quarter of a yard in breadth, or not being above the value of two pounds fourteen fiiiliings and two pence Irish currency o 5

And so in proportion for any greater quantity.

The demi piece of seven yards and three quarters of a yard in length exceeding one yard and one quarter of a yard in breadth, or being above the value of two pounds fourteen shillings and two pence Irish currency, for every one hundred pounds of the value of all such lawns so imported

In demi pieces — lo o

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

GAUZES of all forts, of the manufacture of the European dominions of his most Christian Majesty, which shall be imported in ships of the built of either country, or Britishi built, owned and navigated according to law, for every one hundred

pounds of the value thereof ----- 10 o

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

PORCELAIN, EARTHEN WARE, and POTTERY, of the mar.ufaO.urc of the European dominions of his most Christian Majesty, which shall be imported directly from thence into this kingdom, in ships of the built of either country, or Eritiih built, owned and navigated according to law, for every one hundred pounds value thereof - n .>

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

LINEN, of the manufacture of the European dominions of his moll Christian hhjeily, which shall be imported into tins

kingdom, viz.

Damaflc tabling, the yard - o o

Darnaik towelling and napktning, the yard c o

Diaper tabling, the yard o o

Diaper towelling and napkining, the yard ----- o o

Diaper napkins, die dozen o 3

LINEN, of the manufacture of the European dominions of Ins moll Christian Majesty, which shall be imported, not otherwise enumerated or described, for each ell

Sail cloth of the manufacture of the European dominions of his moll Christian Majesty; which Hull be imported, fer every one hundred pounds of the value thereof r r 0

And so in proportion for any greater or Rfs value.

Z 2 PLATE

5

9

a

10 11

3 '9- . 6 !.»<

- 4,'

3 1 D

1 8 ‘

A.D. 1790. Chan. 7,

R

The thirtieth Year of George III.

92

A.D. 1790.

Chap. 7. PLATE GEARS, an.1 GLASS WARP, nf the msiiuMm.

of the European dominions of i.is moll Ci.ridian Maje'.ly, which shall I)': imported direct’y from thence in ships of the built of either country, or IVstiflr built, owned and navigated according to law, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof ——

And so in proportion for any greater f'Y left value.

SADLERY of the m.uuifcclure of the Kun'pean dominions

of his most Ci'.rtdian Majody, which flvai! be iriponed directly front thence in {hips of the built of cilltcr country, or Ikitiilt built, owned and navigated according; to Jaw, for every one hundred pounds value thereof -

And so in proportion for any greater or led value.

MILLINERY made up of muslin, lawn, c.imbrick, or gauze of any kind, or of any other article herein before mentioned, being of the manufacture of the European dominions of Ins most Chritlian Majesty, which shall be imported diveclly from thence in fitips of the built of cither country, or British built, owned and navigated according to law, fot every one hundred pounds of the value thereof ——

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

If any other article not herein before mentioned, which may be legally imported into thic kingdom, shall be used in such millinery, duties shall be paid thereon as low as are or may be payable on the like articles imported from any othet foreign European nation.

D U T T.

£ - -/

15 O 0

12 0 0

NTo, i.

No. 2-

A SCHEDULE of the Drawbacks upon every Ton of French Wine exported to any Place, except the Britishs Settlements on the Coast of Africa, or the British Plantations in America, or the West Indies, as the fame has been imported. Filled or Unfilled, subject to Aliens Duty, or otherwise, if the same shall be regularly exported within Three Years after the Importation thereof: The said Drawbacks to be in Lieu and full Satisfaction of all Drawbacks payable by any Act of Parliament heretofore made in this Kingdom.

Not having paid Aliens Duty. Having paid Aliens Duty.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

1. s. d. aoths. 1. s. d. aoths. L s. d. aoths. 1. s. d. 2Cths.

3i io 4 4 2990 12 31 ii <5 4 29 10 i 4

vo

The thirtieth Year of George III.

The tkirncih Year of George III.

CHAP. VIII.

Hn .-Hi to piomotr the Linen nne! Hempen Manufacture, by cn-nea/ing the Hi:pp>y of Iri!h F/a.\-/eeJ, and encouraging the F. sport of Lnietis amt Saii-C/olti, and for granting to His Majesty, His lleirs and SncerJ/ors, the Duties therein mentioned.

UfinJ. TT THEUEAS :!;c <'ultir.ition and raving of l).i\-fce<l was formerly much <lif-V V cniinged by the bounties on the importation of foreign feed: ami

whereas the premium, heretofore jjr.inte*! for lowing and favin£ flax-feed in this Kingdom, have rernkti wuch to promote a fuilicient supply of Irish ll«t.\-fctd j be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice ami content of the lords !p,ritual and temporal, and commons in thi-. prefem parliament aiilmbled, and by me authority of the same, Tn.tt from and after the twent"* tilth day of March, one thottland k»«rti hundred and ninety, until the tventy-fifth day of March, one thoulam) Ieven hundred ami lUMety-one tttdufive, m* bounty or premium shall he paid fur or on account of any flax-iced or jinked imported into this kioedom, any law to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the lum of f.-ven tVmfmf t-vidr-d and fnty pounds, Audi be applied to encourage the g’.owih t)f fl.tx-f-*-d in tins kingdom, the said sum to be paid out of such monies a- the bounties on import! d flax-feed were usually paid out of, or out of all or any of the aids or Cm: a granted this session of parliament j the same to be paid by the vice-trsalV.rers, receiver or receivers-general, his or their deputy or deputies, to the truitecs of the hempen and linen manufactures, without any further or other w.tvr.int to !> sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf.

I). And be it further ciuded, That the said trultces shall, ami they are hereby required at such time or torus as shall appear to them most proper, to ’wopose ami publish premium:; for encouraging the growth of flax, and promoting a fufli-ciciit supply of Iriilt flax-feed i.i ail or any of the counties of this kingdom, and in such proportions, ami to be claimed under such rellricdions and regulations as they shall think proper.

III. Provided always, That every claim for every ruch premium Audi be made before, and Hull l>: adjudged in manner herein-.il’ter mentioned by the said truf-toes on the report, upon oath, ot fitch of their officers as they shall appoint for that purpose, prexious to the fpiing allizwi in the year one ihoufanc! seven hundred ami ninety-one.

IV. And be it further eiuued, That so fuon as the said Irulkes shall have determined am! pub’ilhcd the proportions of money to he distributed in each county for such premiums, tiv.y tit ill give notice thereof to such of their olUctrs ns they shall apj'oint for th.it purpose, who are hereby required to poll, or c.mfe to be polled, a copy of fit* h notice, fnccifying in such notice the time and pine? of payment mi the door of the county court-house, within twelve days after he il.aii

have received the same.

V. And be it further enacted, Tiu.t it shall and may be lawful for tin* fail' tn.f-tees, and they are luvebv required tj n] point one of their iiilpevlors, or some

94

A. I), f -q,o.

Oil I

The thirtieth Year of George III. 95

other proper person to attend at the time am! place so nieciiied, and there to ve- I),

main a sufficient time for the purpose of paying the Uid premiums *790’

VI. And be it further uucled, That it flail ami may be lawful for every person Qiap> <J. appointed by the said tniftces to pay the said premium.-., whether he be inspector

or other person, to have, receive, and keep f«>r his own use, as a reward for his trouble and attendance, the turn of six pence for every t/enty IhiHings which lie flail pay to any person for premiums aojodged as aloieia'ul.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every iufpeclor, or other person appointed to pay Rich premium.-;, having received such money as aforesaid, Hull pay upon demand, without any other tee or reward than as atorel.dd, to every person to

whom any premium* ih.di be adjudged, the full amount of the premiums lo ad-

judged to him, her, or them, denuding thereout Inch pait thereof as shall be i!i-reeled by the said trutlecs for the payment i>l I’t.iveyors or infpiclors, tver\ which deduction dull be paid for the survey or mlpecihm by fitch person in manner required by the said trustcesand every Inch inlpcc'i-r or other person shall enter all payments by him m..de, and monies by him received, ill a book to be by him kept for thatptRpMe, and llnll at the femmer aili.’.es lay before the grand jury, his account of all Inch monies received and paid by him, verified by affidavit, to be by him* sworn before one of the judges of alfitfe for Inch county, and shall And or deliver a duplicate thereof, verified in like manner to the fecictary, or other chief oilicer of the said uultees within one month after such alfi/.rs.

YUl. And be it further ciucled, That id! films of motley heretofore issued to the tre.ifuvers of any comities, and which remain in their hands ..fur payment of all claims adjudged by the respective grand juries, or majority of persons who compote the fame, and after piyment of all such fees anil deductions as aforesaid, and like-wife all sums of money which shall or may be blued to them or to tire itifp-eelors, or nnyoflrer psrfm or perfous for payment of claims to be adjudged at any enfiting aifi/es, and wisieli fii ill remain in their hands after payment of all claims so adjudged, ami of all such fees and deductions as aforesaid, Dial! and may be applied for encouraging the growth of flax-feed in this kingdom, in such manner as the said mtftees flail direct from time to time, and shall be paid upon demand by every such treasurer, inspector, or other person, to the order of the said trustees, without fee cr reward.

IX. Provided always, That if any such twafurers shall be required by the said irultecs to p-ty :»ny such remaining sum or sums, or any part thereof, to encourage the growth of tlax-fr.i within the county whereof he is treasurer, he shall and may dedjV, and tike ami receive to Ids own ’ale for his trouble and expence therein, a sum after the rate of six pence for each pound winch he shall pity, and no more.

X. And be it further i-mcled, That if any inspector, or other person shall omit to pill on the door of the county cmirt-house Inch notice as aforesaid, within twelve days arter he lli.-il have received the fame, or shall omit to fend the fecrerary or other chief o-hcer of the said trjftec*, a copy of the entries Iiereby directed within the time heri in before appointed, or if any iulpeclor, .-r other person, shall omit to verify !>,r mid.nii aconnt, or to i.sv account: manner aforesaid before :!ie grand jury, or to lend or deliver a dupiiv st;* ther verified in like manner to tire f.iiii S;crv.!.i7v, or other cicI ol’i-.ci oi the f:d iruliecs as herein before direct.d, every f.u:h infp:ct->r ur other p.rfo.i, shall for eicry f.ich o.T.-nce rcl'pec-livelyforlcit the sum oi forrv >, mods, to be r-rm’.-red In civil bill in a court of proper jurisdiction, by any p.wt.o i! fu-: for the fane.

XI. And be it farmer enacts', That if any such iiifpefior, or other person,

ill ill ref'.ife to [uv’ey m liennin.i ;o any p;i fin: to v. hmn any fadi premium shall be -nibi'^ ’!, tli; fail fi.hi pr.rinir, ha-.: ig money .;>;\kab’e tIn-.\:o

/ .: . in

g6 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A. I), i"*1'’ mjsii'g f«th AMuclimis only as aforesaid, or Hull n.yhcl or refuic

to pay such deductions nr, in demand for any such lurvty or tnfpecliun which the fain truilecs shall order, or ll.ai! aegtei or rdufe to pay upon demand, to iln order of the faiil truiL-es, without fee or reward, all such Jams as shall or may remain in his iumU after payment of, or retaining ia Ids hands a sum fu/ftcic.r for the ptymctit of all claims adjudged as r.for.fiid, he shall upon being hrgT.ly convict-d di«.i.of, f.ifJt the iu.n of f.r y p-ua:!? fur every fuc!i essence to the parry injur'd, to b. r. cou red by civil bill as d'-r-. said.

XII. Provided aUvav*, md be it further c:» ictod, That if any inspector or other perftm so appointed, lli.dl have realm to believe that any claim has been fraudulently made, it Hull and may be lawful for him to Tcfule paying the fame, until he shall recthe further order* thrreup n from the said trustees.

XIII. Ami where..* the ei.couuging by bounties on export, various branches tf the linen and hempen manufactures will tend to promote and enlarge the fame; be it further enr.de I, Th it every person who shall export out of this kingdom to Africa, Anicrta, Spain, Portugal, Gibralta*, or the island of Minorca, at any time or times between the iwt wv-fifth d.»v of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and twenty-fifth dry of March, one tisoufand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, any Irith buckram, or filleting, of the breadth of twenty-live inches, or more, or any Irish linen of the like breadth, either plain, printed, painted, (lamed, nr dyul, or any punted, printed, (tamed, or dyed Irish caihec, or cotton, or cotton mixed with linen of the like breadth, lledl receive without fee or deduction the bounties following, that is to f..v, lor tv.-ry yard thereof, which in its plain date, ami bcfoie it* being printed, painted, (Lined, or dyed, shall be under the v due of five pence, a bounty of one halfpenny; and for every yard thereof, which i.i its plain date, am! before its being printed, painted, finned, or dyed, shall be of the value of five pence, and under the value of six pence halfpenny, a bounty of one penny; and for every yard thereof, which in its plain Hate, ami before its being printed, Rained, or dyed, shall be of the value of six pence halfpenny, ami under the value of one shilling and seven pence halfpenny, a bounty of one penny halfpenny.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every person or persons who shall export to any of the said places during the time aforesaid, any Irish chequed or stripev! linen of the breadth of twenty-five inches, or more, not exceeding one Hulling and seven pence halfpenny, nor bung,under seven pence the yard in value, or any Irish made diaper, huckaback, (heeling, or linen, upwards of one yard in breadth, and not exceeding one shilling and seven' pence h ilfpenny the square yard in value, shall receive without fee or deduction a bounty of one halfpenny for every yard of such chequed or striped iiner.; and a bounty of one penny halfpenny for every fqu ,re yard of inch diaper, huckaback, or linen, upwards of a yard in breadth, and so in proportion for any quantity exceeding a fq a a re yard.

XV. Provided always, That all Irilli hearings, and all other f.bricks made of linen, or hempen yarn only, shall be deemed and confuiered as IrHh linens within the meaning of tin’s act.

XVI. And provided also, That where any of the aforesaid linens shall not be of the breadth of twenty-live Inches, they Hull be entitled to, and receive bounty after the rites aforesaid for every nine hundred square inches of such linen, deeming nine hundred square inches equal to one yard of twenty-five inches breadth or upwards.

XVII. Provided also, 'Hut the exporter cr teller for exportation of such plain Irish lir.cn, Iritli chequed or lipped linen, and Iri.1i huckabacks, diapers, Iheetings, and other fp.'cics of linens, upwards of a yard in breadth, and of such printed, paintc1, Rained, or dyed Irish liner. , caijicoes, cottons, or cottm.3 mixed with

linen,

1790.

I Chap. 8

T/:e thirtieth Year of George III.

97

3":cn. fV.ru! in Id; cr.ivv exm-fi; tl;c quantity thereof, and the value, exclusive cf nil A. I), priming, p liming, or ilyi'jp, ;:ni likcwiic cmiorft* on the ocher granted j ygo.

upon such entry the ttue qu.uniry and value ;ir aftr-Taid, of the linens or other Chap. S* intended to he shipped, and shall b.lore hi* receives such bounty, produce a V.-— cerriiic.its fto.it the fearJi.r or other proper officer appointed to see the fame Chipped, verifying the shipping thereof, ami likev.-ifc to give fulfinent ftcurity to the collector or other chief officer of the of,n, in the penalty of double the value as aforesaid of the goods intended to hj exported, and of one hundred pounds more j wjiicll fovtiriry every inch collector or other officer is hereby empowered and required to take by bond payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucedVors, roiuii-tionedj that such linens, diapers, huckaback;, iheetings, or other species of linens, euliicoes, or cottons, or cottons mixed, so shipped or intended to be shipped, or any part thereof, shall not be lauded or brought cn shore again in any part or pans of Great Britain, Ireland, or the We of Mail, ami flsail also before he receives any such bounty make oath, or if a known qunkcr make affirmation, which oath or affirmation the said officer is hereby empowered to administer, of the value as aforesaid, of such linens, cr.Iiicoes, cottons, or cottons mixed, and that the fame were made in Ireland.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every person who fltnil export to any place, except Great Britain and France, and the French dominions i:i Europe, during the time nforefimi, any Iriflnnnde sail-cloth or canvas, fit for, or made into fails by way of merchandize, {lull receive without fee or dcdufHoii a bounty of six pence halfpenny for every three ells thereof.

XIX. Provided always, That the exporter of such sail-cloth or canvas Audi, before he rec.’ives the said bounty, nuke oath, or if a known quaker make affirmation, which oath or zliirm.uion the proper officer of the revenue at the port where the fame Hull be fiiipped, is hereby empowered to administer, that such sail-cloth or canvas was made in Ireland, and is actually exported, or shipped to be exported, without any intention to be landed In any p.ut of Great Brii.iin, Ireland, the I/Ie of 31m, France, or the French dominions in Europe, and that no former reward or bounty on export has been paid lor the fame by virtue of this act,

Or any act heretofore puffed.

XX. And for the better credit of the said manufactures, and to prevent frauds in obtaining bounties thereon: be it furthir enabled, '1 hat if the aforesaid miliars shall appoint any pwlfon or pirfons r.t any of the ports in this Kingdom, to itispect linens intended to be exported on bounty, and shall give notice thereof in writing to theconuniJfioners of his ALsjtfiys revenue, no bounty find! be paid after such notice at any port at which lueh p.ifms Dull he appointed to inspect, u.ulcft it

shall appear to the fitrveyor or oilier oiltjjr at the port, by some seal or mirk affiled

to each package of lin-ns, by such person orperfims in mann r herein after mentioned, lhat he has examined the fame, nor unlehs it shall also appear by the certificate of such person orp.rfons, that such linens .;ra of good, found, and merchantable quality

XXI. And in order to prevent abuses in obtaining t!ie said bounty: be it further enacted, That it In dl and may be lawful to and for any furvevor, or other oifiar of the iwenui, after the entry of any linens c-r other goods, as being entitled lo the f.iid bounty, and before and after the !l ipping thereof, to open and strictly examine any bale, truss, or other package, to fee if t!ie goods are duly entered and etidorfed on the cocket; ami if on such examination the lame Audi lie found to be duly entered and cm!orft*d, the officer flu! at Lis own charge cause the same to be rc-packed, which charge fltnil -be allowed to such oliker by the commissioners of the revenue, if they shall think it reafoaable.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if upon view and examination by the J 'Tfjo. proper officers of the revenue, it dull appear, that all or any piece or pieces of

b aunty hereby granted, is or are of greater value than one Hulling ami seven pence lulfpeunv f< r yard, exclusive of any value ariting from its being painted, primed, (tained or dyed, or that any piece or pieces of diaper, huckaback, lleeting, or other species of linen, upwards of one yard in breadth, which Avail be entered for exportation, an entitled to the bounty hereby granted, is or are of greater value titan one ti.filing and seven pence halfpenny the Apure van!, that then and in every such case, the exporter or feller of such linen for exportation, shall, upon demand made in writing by the turn-yor of the port where such goods and merchandizes are entered, deliver, or cause to be delivered, so mativ picas of such linen as shall 1)0 demanded by the f.iid officer, into his Majesty's warehouse at the port of exportation, for the life and benefit of the crown; and upon such delivery, the fur-veyer of such port, with the privity of the collector or other chief officer, shall out of any money in the hands of such collector applicable thereto, pay to such exporter, or feller for exportation, the value of one shilling ami eight pence halfpenny per yard; and also if the fame be primed, painted, (tamed, or dyed, the full value, coil and expence of such printing, painting, mining, or dying, taking a receipt for the fame from such exporter or feller for exportation, in full satisfaction for such goods, as if they had been regularly IbM \ uni the commiluoners of the revenue shall enufe such goods to be fairly and nubllekly sold to the belt advantage, and out of the produce thereof, the money lb paid or advanced as aforesaid, shall be repaid to such colleger, to he replaced to the account of your Majesty's revenue, and if any overplus shall remain after defraying the expences of fueii file, ami the ncefiYiry chnges incident thereto, one moiay of such overplus shall be paid into t: e receipt of your Majehy’s i*:rheipi,:i> towards defraying the expencts of your M.»}rfty’s government, and the other moiety to the proper officers who shall have fetvch.-d and ex rv.iu.-d such linens.

XXIII. but be it further enai'lc. 1, That if any person or persons shall enter for c .*;c..th»n, my Hi-.:, i.:!ieo, cotton, or cotton mixed, at any value, cxcltifive of ti.c value of its bsing prin.ed, painted, tLfi.cd, or dyed, not exceeding the value of one shilling and tVven pence halfpenny /<r y;rd, or any diaper, huckaback, H.ectinp, or other linen, upwards of one yard in breadth, at any value as afore-i..id, not exceeding one shilling and A von pence halfpenny per fijuare yard, and which upon view and examination of the proper officer of the revenue shall bo thought to be of greater value before its being printed, primed, flamed, or dyed, than one lhiiiing ami (even pence halfpenny per yard, or fcjujrc yard vefpcclively, :i:ui shall on demand made in writing by the lurvcvor or other officer of the port where such linen is entered for exportation, refute to deliver, or cause to be delivered, all or any of ttie pieces of such linen, diaper, or huckaback, or (hccting, into your Majesty's wv.rchouse at such port, for the use and benefit of the crown, n:td to r.cctve from the fbiti officers of the revenue at the said port, the value of one shilling and eight pence halfpenny per vavd, or square y..rd re(ne£Uvely, for iuc.i linen, together with the value, colt, or expence of printing, dying, painting, or ilainuig the fame, as the fame may be, in full finish: clion for the fame; or if the proper officers of the revenue A,all upon view and examination, find any inch linen which shall be entered for expotution at the value of six pence halfpenny fer yard, or above that value, not exceeding one shilling end (even pence luUpcnny per yard, to be under the value as aforesaid, of six pence halfpenny per yard, or which shall he entered at the value of five pence per yard, or above that v.fui, and not amounting to the value cf Jix pence halfpenny /<r yard, to be under The thirtieth Year of George III. 99

dvr the value r.s r.l’orefuid of five pence per yard, or if any fuels linen shall be less A. X) in quantity than flail he e<-roiled in find ctulorlement °n the ibid entry or cocker, IJ9O. C,r iiir.il not be of the breadth of twenty-five inches at the le.dl, or of the breadth Clltip* 8. of one vr.rd if so cute-.cd, or if the same shall be entered and endorsed under a V*-uroivj dcnmv.hutv.v.i, whereby tire laid boumv, or mv par? thereof, might lave been fraudulently obtained, that then and in every fuels cale, all fuels linen, c.illico, cotton, or cotton nske-1, which shall be so seluL-d to be delivered, or that shall be under the value as aforesaid of six pence halfpenny per yard; or five pence per yard respectively, or lisa! appear to be in Ids qu unity than expressd in such etifiorlen-.ent, cr be under the breadth of twenty-live inches, or one yard reflectively, or entered or endorsed under a wrong denomination, and also all the goods contained in all and every package or packages eudorhd on fuels entry or cockct,

Ih.dl be forfeited, together with such package or packages, and shall ami may be seized by any cflicer or oilicers of the revenue, and the owner or merchant shall not be emitted to receive any hounlyfor such goods.

XXIV. And to prevent linen of bad quality, or fraudulently made up, frosn being exported: be it further enacted, Thar after notice given as aforesaid, to thefiiid i-mnmiflioiiers no bounty Hull be paid Oil an;' such linen, eallien, cotton, cotton mixed, diaper, or liucltaluclc, which shall be exported as aforesaid out of any port where any inspector or other person shall be appointed, unless such inspector or other person to be appointed as aforesaid by the truflccs of the linen and hempen mmufiictures, shall by so.no leal or mark alined to each package thereof, certify his having examined the fame, or shall, in the prdenee of the surveyor or other offi;,.r of the rtvcaue, examine the fame, and atlix his seal or snath thereto.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any plain, chequed, or flriped Iriflt linen, or stained, painted, printed, or dyed Iriils linen, cnllico, cotton, or cotton mixed, diaper, huckabacks, (heating, or sail-cloth, oresnvas, for which the bounty shall have been givus or claimed, Hull belauded in Great Britain, liehmd, Hie of Man, France, or the French dominions in Europe, the exporter or exporters (hereof shall forfeit ike fame, or the value thereof, and every person concerned in bringing hack or landing the same as aforesaid, stir.II forfeit one shilling for every yard or fqu.sre yard of such linen,' callico, cotton, or cotton mixed respective’y, and two shillings lor every ell of such canvas or fiul-cloth, so brought back or landed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the find several bounties ihr.1! be paid out of all or any of the monies arising from all or any of the duties granted tin’s fulion of parliament applicable thereto, in the hands of the coheder of the pert here such goods fl.-dl be shipped for exportation j and if there Shall not be money fulTictent n*. hie hands, then out of fuels monies applicable thereto, as ihdl be in the hands of the eolieclor of the port of Dublin, cy u:y other coiledr.r, whom the coaarni dinners of your M.ijefljh revenue fn.iil from rime to time Hired!,

XWJI. And be it further enacted, That the fa hi hr unties shall be paid on demand, without feu or reward, to the exporter or fuller for exyiurUtUm, fe.hjed to the several Teguhuicr.5 herein contained.

XXVill. And in order to make a provision towards payment of the said bomi-ti-s on linens and oilier goods o.norn.d, and for the further support of your M, -jells’s government: be it enaeled, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of Match, one thous.vsd fevc.s hundred and ninety, used the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand fi.ven hundred and ninety-one int’uuvc, tl.t re shall be raised, levied, coiiccicd, and pud t*> your Majesty, your heirs.vi<: (hccefibr-, in ready money net, an additional inquil or duty . fit:- ;!:c rate of five pounds per emttnn on the produce or amount of the dtr.h; on all teas and vines imported during the time aforesaidd, except v.ixies of the gsr.v. :h of l critical or Madeira, and of I mice,

cr

Kb

The thirtieth Year of George III.

IOI

CHAP. IX.

A.D. 1790.

An Act to enable Grand Juries to present for Coroners as therein mentioned., in (lead of the Sums which they are no to by Law empowered to present.

WHEREAS grand juries in such parts of the kingdom in TramMc.

which they are now by law empowered to present for coroners, in lieu of fees, can present at each affixes, as the law now stands, the sum of twenty guineas, ami no more: and whereas the faitl sum has been frequently found a very inadequate recompense for their great labour and trouble in executing their said office: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the puffing of this GmOp-

ad, it shall and may be lawful to and for grand juries, in such parts of the kingdom in which they are now !>y law empowered to present for coroners, in lieu of fees, to present for the said co- sum not coroners any sum not exceeding forty guineas, at each assizes, in lieu of fees, and itistead of the sums which they are now by law cm- al5,tcs-powered to present.

CHAP. X.

An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Success'ors, certain Duties upon Carriages.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland in parliament assembled, towards railing the neccflhry supplies to defray the expences of youT Majesty's government, have resolved to gram unto your Majesty the several rates and duties herein after mentioned j be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal) and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That for and upon every coach, chariot, berim, calaih) or chaise with four wheels, which any person shall keep in his or her possession, at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one tlioufuui seven hundred and ninety, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there shall be raised, collected, and paid to your Majesty a duty of four pounds, and for and upon all chaises with two wheels only, VOL. XV. C c which

102

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D. 1790. Chap 10.

which any person Hull so keep in Ins, her, or their pefieflien, a duty of fifteen shilling*.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this ;ct contained, shall extend to, or be conllnted to extend to charge any ilage coach, or hackney coach, or hackney cluifc, or any coach, chaise, or other carriage kept by the maker fer sale, or any cabriolet, or garden chair.

III. And be it further enacted, Thatrcvery peifoa who fluil keep any hackney coach, or hackney chaise, or any co.;ch or chaise for liira, except within the dry of Dublin, and the lib riles thereof, at any ti:*c between the twimy-fifth day of March, one thous.tm! f.ven I.nti'ircd and ni?;cJv, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thou find seven hundred and nine;-.-one, fiudi take out a license to keep the fame, from the commissioners of his M..jo!K’s revenue, or from the tol!e£lor of the district in which such person shall rtiulc, for which he or flic shall pay a fee of one shilling, ami no more 5 ami if any person shall keep any fit eh coach or chaise within the time aforesaid, without having taken out such license as aforesaid, he or il.c shall be subject to the duties hereby granted, not-witMlanding such coaches or chaises may have been used for Lire.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thous.mil seven hundred and ninety, every person hereby required to take out a license as aforesaid, shall have, or cause to he painted on a board, with letters visible and legible, at lead an inch long, in white upon a black ground, or in black upon a white ground, his, her, or their name and surname respectively, at full length, Itcatful a http caches and ekaifetfir f.h?, which board shall be affixed on some conspicuous place on the outfice of the front of his, her, or their House respectively, not more than three feet difiant from the top of the {hop door or facet door of such house, and such person or persons respectively Hull preserve ami keep up the fame during the time he or flis shall respectively continue to keep such carriage or carriages as aforesaid, or in default thereof shall forfeit respectively the sum of ten pounds.

\r. And to prevent frauds by persons who, in order to evade the duties upon carriages with four wheels and two wheels, make use of a carriage or carriages with wheels of such final! dimensions as are properly suited to cabriolets or garden chairs intended only for pleasure, giving the name of cabriolets or garden chairs to such carriages so uicd upon journies cr otherwise: be it enacted, That no carriage whatsoever, whether with four wheels, or with two wheels, shall be deemed a cabriolet or garden chair, or be exempted from any duty as such, in case the fame shall be used by any person not paying duty for one or more carriage or carriages with four wheels, or in case the same shall be used upon any public!: or high road at the distance of more than three miles from the house or demesne of the person to whom the same shall belong, unless for the purpose of fending such carriage home to the proprietor thereof, when it shall have keen first purchased, or for the purpose of fending the same to be repaired, or returning therefrom when it shall have been repaired, and that no carriage be deemed a cabriolet or garden chair within the meaning of this act, if any of the wheels thereof shall be of a diameter exceeding four feet: any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That for the better collecting the said duty chargeable upon every person who shall keep any carriage with four wheels, cr carriage with two wheels, except as before excepted, every person who at any time from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall have or keep any coach, chariot, berlin, calafti, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, except as before excepted, and in respect whereof he or (lie shall be chargeable with the said duties, shall within fourteen days after the said

The thirtieth Year of George III. i°j

find twenty-fifth clay of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, or 1").

within fourteen days after he or Hie shall have or keep any fuel; co.it-h, chariot, 1J0C.

berlin, calafli, or chaifc with four wheels, or clv.iie with two wheels, by writ- Qh;ip. o. ing under his or her hand, certify to the collector of exeth* in i me cue cl the ^—v— dlftricls wherein lie or (lie shall reside, and fikcutlh to tile cx.mmv.for of ho'.rrh-nioncy in Dublin, mentioning to him in such writing tl;e name and district of the collector to whom lie or ihe hath so certified, a true account, cf ewrv loci', coach, chariot, berlin, calafii, and chaifc; with four wheels, or \tiih tuo

wheels, which lie or (he shall have or keep, except ns before excepted, with the name of the place and parish of his or her refuknee or abode r.t the time of giving such certificate; which certificate fir.il! be kept by the respsclive collectors of tl.c several districts of this kingdom for the time being, and fit all bo r.Ifj entered or registered in an alphabetical book to be by them respectively kept for that purpose, and a copy of such entry signed by such collector or his ckr.*, shall be delivered, if required, without fee or reward, to the p:rfon delivering inch eerti* ficite, and a number shall be entered on every certificate so registered, and th* examinntor of hearth-money {hail, on demand, without fee or reward, gi\e ;m acknowledgment under his hand to every person who shall certify any carriage or carriages to him, that such carriage or carriages hath, or have been certified, which certificate shall be evidence of such carriage or carriages having been certified as aforesaid, and the find examinator shall once in every throe months, trans-mi: to each collector a list of all persons refilling in such collector's district, who shall have certified their said carriages to him within the find three months, which lifts shall be preserved by such collectors,’and every person who shall have paid the duties hereby imposed, may resort to such lift, and the same shall be evidence 0:1 any information on this act, that such person hath duly certified his, or her carriage to the said examinator, ami such collectors respectively shall under their hands, on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand ftven hundred and ninety-one, give a true lift of all coaches, chariots, bsriins, culafhcs, and chaises with four wheels, and chaises with two wheels, from time to time returned ro thun respectively in such certificates, with the names of the persons and places of their abode refneelively mentioned in such respective certificates, to the person who for the time being shall be appointed by the commissioners of your Majesty's revenue of customs and excise, or any three of them, to collect and receive the find duties; and that such persons as shall be appointed by the said comrrdilioners, or any three of them, to collect and receive the Did duties on coaches, chariot:, berlin , calafiies, and chaises with four wheels, and chaises with two wheels, shall bate full power and authority to levy, coiiecl, and receive the same within the <iif-tricl wherein such certificate shall be entered, in the same manner as your JVIa-jesty’s revenue anting from fire-hearths, is now by law levied, collected, and received, and shall respectively sign and deliver acquittances without fee or reward for the fame, and shall keep duplicates thereof in a bool: to be kept for that puTpose, in the same manner as acquittances arc given and kept for the duty of fire-hearths, and shall respectiveiv return the book containing the duplicates of such acquittances to such person and persons at the same time, and to be disposed of in the same manner as books containing the duplicates of acquittances for the said duty of fire-hearths are returned, and that the duties nfor*-xaid shall be paid in the respective districis wherein such carnages !iv.fi! be entered or registered respectively, and in no other.

VII. And be it enacted, That every coach-maker, or other person making carriages for falc in this kingdom, shall within ten clays after lie cr she shall fell and deliver any coach, chariot, berlin, calafli or chaifc with four wheels, or two wheels, certify to the collector of exclfc in the district where such coach-C c z maker

The thirtieth Year of George III. 105

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the sum of five thousand pounds shall A.D.

be on id out of the first produce of the said duties on carriage*- to the corporation IjtyQ*

fer paving the streets of Dublin, to be by them expended in paving, lighting, and -'Y-—-

cleansing the said streets, without any further or other warrant to be obtained in

that behalf.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures indicted by this act, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed, in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of Charles the second, entitled. An cel fer the settling of the extifct or new mpost upon his i\L:j:jly> his heirs amisuccessirst according to the l>o:h of rales therein infected; as fully and effectually to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed, and rc-enacted by tills aft, with the like remedy of appeal, to and for the party and parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the Maid act of excise, or any ether law or laws now of force, relating to the duties of excise, is provided.

XV. And be it enacted, That neither the six pence per pound, nor any other fee shall be payable to, or be deducted or received by the vice-treasurer^, receiver or paymaster-general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, for their own use, for or on account of the issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for, or on account of the aids hereby granted to your Majesty, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this act, but that the same shall be received, and duly accounted for to your Majesty, your heirs and successors.

CHAP. XI.

An Act for granting certain Duties upon Licenses, to be taken out by the several Persons therein mentioned

"E your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray the expences of your Majesty's government, have resolved to gran: unto your Majesty the several rates and duties upon licenses herein after mentioned: be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every person manufacturing candles or fosp for sale, and every person filling or nianufacturing paper-hangings for fine within this kingdom, at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thous.iiid seven hundred and ninety, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand ftven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, shall take out a Iicenfc from the commissiuiiera (f your Majesty's revenue, or from the collector of the district In wlfich he or she ftull refidcj and shall pay foT the fame a duty of twenty shillings *, and every person felling tea or groceries by retail m any city or town corporate within this kingdom, at any time during the time aforesaid, shall take out a Iicenfc in manner aforesaid, and shall pay for the fame a duty cf twenty shillings; and every person felling tea or groceries by retail, within the time aforesaid, in any part Vol. XV. Dd

Exfiiul

foo The thirtieth Year of George III.

£ of this kingdom, not being a city or town corporate, shall take out a license in

Q like manner, anti shall piy for the fame a duty of ten shillings; and evert per-

C’ha'l 11 *':n or :my K°W or silver plate for sale, and every person who shall keep i tan-yard, or un-pit, or shall tan leather for sale within this kingdom, at any time during the time aforesaid, shall take out a license i:t manner aforesaid, and shall pry for the fame a duty of twenty shillings; and every fattor or person, nor kin;: a eiifliiJcr, or licensed ns a retailer, felling home-made spirits in this kingdom, at ary time curing the time aforesaid, shall take out a Kcenfe in manner a'h resaid, and pav for ths fame a duty of forty shillings, and every peifou. who Hull keep any cofr’ce-house, at any time during the time afore-f.tid, shall take cut a iicenfe in manner aforesaid, and pay for the fame a duty of forty fluking-. *, for each of which licenses thti'c shall bet^ken by such collectors or their use, a foe after the rate of one (lulling in the pound, according to the liutv p.ivihle to y.'/iir Majesty on such License or licenses, and no more, any law or it!.1"'; to the contrary notwithstanding; which salt! rates and duties shall be colfccled and raif0 by such. person and person?, and in such manner, and hv such w.iv; and means, as the duty payable for licenses to keep alc-houses, u raised and colieded, by virtue of an act made in this kingdom, in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty George the second, entitled, An ail f'.r letter ref dating the cdlcelion of his Mcjtjtys revenue, ami for preventing if frauds thirein, andjor repealing an ail math' the I ft session of parliament, entitled, An a a fr continuing' and amemhug fevti’a! lavas heretofore in title relating to his dlLffds revenue, andjor the mere tjftih/alpreventing of frauds in h-’S JUufff's a fetus and excise, and the fevered aids andjlalutis, 10 lie h are 1,untUncd in the jaitl ait, and cot.itr.ucd tiereij, as fully to all intents and purposes, as if the provisions in the said atl for that purpose were particularly mentioned and expressed, and enacted in this act.

II. And be it enacted, That every such person as aforesaid, shall take out such rdpedive licenses before he, (lie, or they shall respectively manufacture, fell, or keep for f.de as aforesaid, any of the aforesaid respective articles or tilings, and that every person who shall during the time aforesaid, make, fell, or keep fer sale as aforesaid, or expole to fa!o any of the f.iid respective articles and things contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, without taking out such licensc respectively as aforesaid, shall for every such ofrence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That persons in p.mnerfldp, and carrying on trade or business in one house or (bop only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one licensc; and that no otic License which shall be granted by virtue of this act, shall authorize ami empower any person or persons to whom the same shall be granted, to make or manufacture, or fell or keep for sale ns aforesaid, any of the articles or things herein before mentioned in any other house or place than the house or place wherein he, (lie, or they respectively did make or manufacture, or fell or keep the said Tcfpeclive articles or things at the time of granting such license, to be mentioned in such license.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, cveiv person hereby required to take out a license as aforesaid, shall have, or c.tufe to be painted on a board, with letters publickly visible and legible, at lead an inch long, in white upon a black ground, or in black on a white ground, his, her, or their name and surname .‘espectively, at full length, as also the names of the several articles which they shall be so Kcer.fed to manufacture or fell respsctivdy, and that he, fl.e, or they are licensed respectively to sell the same, which board shall be aflised on forne conspicuous place on the outline of the front of his, her, or their house respectively, not more than three feet diitant from the top of the (hop door or fiireet door of such house, and such jvrfon cr persons respectively, shall preserve and

keep

The thirtieth Year of George III. 107

keep up the fame during the time he, flie, or they shall respectively continue to A.D. fell such articles, cr.i;v of them as uforefaifi, or in default thereof, flnll forfeit I 79?. respectively the sum of ten pounds. Ciiap. ir.

V. And be ir cua&ed, That from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thou- —,»-*— sand seven hundred and ninety, to the twenty-fifth d.iv of March, cm thous.md

feveii hundred and ninety-one inclusive, no person or persons whatfi :vcr shall fell, or tap out hr retail, any cyder within this kingdom, without having taken out a license from the said commissioners or collectors respectively for that purpose, for each of which licenscs there shall be p.:id a duty of twenty /hillings.

VI. And be it enacted, That during the time aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the chief commissioners of your f-h-j*. fly's exrife, rr any one of them, and the collectors of your Majesty's excise, in their respective ditlriels, from time to time, to itTuc and grant such licenics for the felling and t.'pmng out of cyder by retail, anti that for every such lictnfc to be granted, the sum of one shilling and one penny, and no more, shall be paid or dem.inded as a fee for the fame, and it any person or persons shall, during the time aforesaid, fell or tap out cyder by retail without such licensc as aforesaid, every such person so oiiending, shall for every time he or ihc shall so oltlnd, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

VII. And be it entitled, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed and appointed in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling of the excisey am! new itnyc/i npw his Majesty} his heirs and successcrs, according Iq the h'A f rates therein iifirted; or by any other law or laws relating to his Majesty's revenue, as fully and effectual!? to all intents, conitruclions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and exprelieu, and re-enacted by this act, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who fitall think him or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act of excise is provided.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the six pence per pound, and all other fees which shall or may be payable to the vice-trcnfurer, or vicu-treasurers, receiver, or paymaster-general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, upon ilfuing or payment of any sum or Aims of money which shall or may arise out of, or shall or may he received for or on account of the several duties and aids hereby granted to yotir Majesty, shall be applied by the said vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver or paymaster.general, for the life of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, in aid and addition to the duties hereby granted, and shall be duly accounted for by him or them.

IX. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, there shall be atjfwered and paid to your JM.1 jesty, your heirs and fuco'flors, hv all perfous hawking about trees, ihrubs, and plants for sale within the city of Dublin, or five miles thereof; and by all perfous felling or expjfing to sale within the said city, or five miics thereof, in 2ny Hand, flail. Iked, booth, or other place not being a part of, or in his or her dwelling, any new or old books, maps, prints, pamphlets, charts or drawings, and also by all persons who fludl fell, or exprfe to sale within the find city, or five miles thereof, any glass bottles, not being respectvdy the makers or importers thereof, and not felling wines, spirits, beer or ale, and

1) d 2 also

100

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D. 1790.

ifa by a:i persons who fniil fell, or tsepose to sale, within the said city, or five miles thereof, old clothes in any Hall, filed, booth. Atop, or other place, a duty of furry Imiii'ig-i, and also by every psrfon carrying on the business of a pawnbroker within the said city, or live miles thereof, a duty of ten pounds, ar.C also by every perihn tV.ling spirir, by retail in the etty of Dublin, or five miles thereof, n duty of ten Ciiihngs over and above all other duties heretofore payab’e by any former act or acts, which l-.verai 'aft mentioned duties shall be levied by such persons, and by inch ways and means, and under such rules and directions, powers and authoiities as are enacted by ;m act passed in the twenty-eighth year of your M ‘.jesty’s reign, entitled, An act for rendering mere rjf.ftu.il an act passed in the twentyfxth year f the i-ign f hii prejint Jllajjly King George the thinly entitled, An act [:r the better txerution cj the L<w wHliu the city cf Dublin-, end certain parti adjacent thereto, and quieting and pntifting p-.Jfijf.cm within this hingdent, for the more expeditious transportation cf j< tons, fir reviving, continuing, and amending certain statutes then in Mentioned, and jer repealing an act passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for improving the police f the city of Dublin, and for other purposes, as fully to all intents and purposes, as if the several provisions therein contained were re-enacted in this act, unless the same shall be otherwise provided for by parliament.

CHAP. XII.

An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for graining io His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.

£';-iteJ, X T E your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland

VY hi parliament aflenibled, as a further supply to your Majesty, to support the expences of your Majesty's government, do most humbly beseech your Ma-jefiv, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Ma-icfty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-hull day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until the twcr.ty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, and no longer, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the several rates and duties herein after mentioned, that is to say, for and upon all tobacco which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, a duty after the rate of six pence per pound weight, without any discount or allowance whatsoever.

II. And whereas it may tend much to the encouragement of the tobacco trade, if importers of tobacco shall be allowed to lodge their tobacco in warehouses, and to have time for the payment of the duty thereon: therefore be it enacted, That every such importer of tobacco, who shall not choose to pay down the duty as afere-laid, shall and may in lieu of paying down the fame, secure a duty after the rate of Ox ptr.ee for each pound weight thereof in manner following, that is to say, he cr llie Hull give bond for the amount of such duty after the rate of t'.x pence pc; pound, to be made payable at the end of fifteen months, to comir.cr.ce fresh the date cf such bond.

The thirtieth Year of George III. iocj

III. Provided always, That where tobacco shall be landed, on bill of view, the A« D importer or owner of fncli tobacco, flvall within ten working days a her the land- 1790. ing of such tobacco, make entry thereof, and pay the duty for the fame, or enter Chap* 12* into bond for the payment thereof in manner herein directed, and in failure there- u— of every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds for every hogfnead of such tobacco which shall not be entered, and for which the duty shall not have been paid or secured as aforesaid, over and above the duties payable on such tobacco.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon such bond being executed, the commissioners or principal officers of the revenue at the respective ports, shall cause all such tobacco to be warehoused in tire usual manner, and such proprietor or proprietors of such tobacco, or his or their servants Audi have free access into such warehousesat all times within the usual hours of discharge, and the proper officer or officers is, and are hereby required to attend without fee or reward , and all tobacco so warehoused shall be charged and pay such duty as aforesaid, according to the net weight thereof, at the time when such tobacco shall be fold or delivered out of such (lores as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That such proprietor or proprietors of such tobacco, shall respectively pay all the charges and expellees incurred in any way by unshipping, bringing, carrying, or conveying any tobacco from the several and respective ships so importing the fame, to the respective w.trehouses in which tile fame tobacco is to be deposited as aforesaid, or in bringing, carrying, or conveying the tobacco fresh such respective warehouses, to and on board the fever.il and respective fliipr, in which the same shall be reflectively exported to foreign parts, favc and except the charges and expences of paying the revenue officers, under whole special care the said tobacco dull be so respectively conveyed either from the ship to the wavthouse on importation, or from the warehouse to the ship ou exportation, any law, cuilom, or ufuge to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the respective proprietors of tobacco so to be brought as aforesaid to the respective warehouses before mentioned, shall be at the expence of (tripping or taking the hogsheads in which the tobacco shall be lo imported as aforesaid, from the tobacco, before the same shall be so weighed as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any tobacco which shall have been entered, and the duty the.con paid or secured in manner aforesaid, shall from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred ami ninety, be exported from tins kingdom, the exporter shall upon the exportation thereof, within three years from the importation, on producing a proper debenture to be made out for that purpose, be paid or allowed to draw back the whole net duty usually paid at cr after the importation of such quantity lb exported, or in case any such tobacco shall be exported within the time aforesaid, by the person or persons who Audi have entered into bond as luoref.dd, and such bond shall not have been discharged, fuJi person or persons so exporting such tobacco, shall have the bond vacated, or allowance made by eniry on the back of i’tiei bond, for such quantity of tobacco as shall be so exported as the case shall be, any law or custom to the contrary notwith-ihiidingj and every such person or jvi Ions so exporting as alorcf.iid, And! at the taking out of a permit for any such tobacco to be exported as aforesaid, make o-.rh before the proper officer of the revenue to be appointed and empowered to administer oaths, that he or (lie is the real proprietor and owner of such tobacco, anti is real!v and knaf.Jt the exporter thereof.

YiH. And be it further enacted. ’Hut it the proprietor or proprietor:, of fv.;h tobacco, as shall be so lodged in v/avchoulcs as sif»>\Tuid, shall nut within the said fp-.ccof fifteen month;., by payment of the ibid duties lo bonded for, or I y deben-

i io The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

tures upon exportation of such tobacco, discharge his or their obligation", hut 1790* ^iaf r‘ie t0‘J‘’*CC0 or any part thereof shall continue, and Le Ilill remaining in the

hup. 12 warchuufes for want of payment of the duties thereon; in such case, it fiiali ami may be lawful for t’nc said commissioners or principal oliicers of your Majesty's revenue for the time being, at the respective ports, and they are hereby empowered to cause such tobacco so remaining, to be publicly sold by inch of candle, firit giving1 the importer or importers thereof fourteen days notice personally, or by leavings notice in writing at the last place of such importer’s abode; the product thereof after such falc, first to be applied to payment of the said bond, llor.igc, and all other charges which may have been incurred, and the overplus, if any, ro be rendered and paid to the proprietor or other persons lawfully authorised to re- celve the same.

IX. Provided always, That if any tobacco shall upon importation thereof, and ' before the original importer thereof shall have bended the duties of the fume, be fold

or transferred by any importer thereof to any wholesale merchant, fuel, whdefale merchant may bond the duties thereof, in the same manner, md fubic-fl: to the like rules, regulations, and restrictions, as die importer thereof is by this ail at liberty to bond the same.

X. Provided always, That if any tobacco shall be imported by strangers, or shall by any laws now of force, be subject to aliens duty, a further duty shall, over and

above the said duty of six pence per pound, be paid or secured thereon, after the rate of one penny for each pound weight thereof.

XI. Provided also, That when any tobacco so warehoused as aforesaid, shall be Intended for home-ennfumption, no such tobacco shall be taken out of such stores as aforesaid, until all duties due and payable thereupon shall have been paid, nor until a clear, distinct, and proper voucher from the proper officer of your Majesty's revenue at the respective ports where such tobacco shall be so warehoused, shall be produced to, and deposited with the officer or officers in whose custody such tobacco shall then be, which voucher shall be directed to such officer or officers, and shall ascertain all such duties to have been paid for such tobacco.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the duties aforesaid, whether paid down or fccuied, shall be, and are hereby declared-to be in lieu and full fluisfaclion of

all duties payable upon the importation of tobacco, by virtue of any law or Jaws heretofore made in this kingdom.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the duties imposed by this act shall be paid, the sum of two pence halfpenny for each pound weight shall be placed thereout to the account of his Majesty's hereditary revenue.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any tobacco,put into the said warehouses, shall be burned or destroyed by fire, during the time it remains in the said warehouses, the bond entered into on warehousing’such tobacco, shall be discharged for so much thereof as shall appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the revenue, or any three or more of-them, to have been so burned or destroyed.

XV. And whereas great frauds may arise to the diminution of your Majesty's revenue, by warehousing tobacco as aforesaid, in ports where there are not, or shall not be a sufficient number of officers to attend the fame: be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no importer of tobacco at any port, except the ports of Dublin, Drogheda, Dundalk, Newry, Lehaft, Galway, Limerick, Londonderry, Cork, Ys’nterib.'d, and Wexford, shall be entitled to have the fame lodged in a warehouse, or take any benefit by virtue of any thing iii this act contained, in respect to warehousing or bonding the same.

111

The thirtieth Year of George III.

XVI. Ana bo it further enacted, That from nr!:! after the tv.cniy-fifth day of 1"),

March, one thaufaml ft-.en hundred nnl ninety, if any U bicco i:i any pnckr.go j ~{JO. whatsoever, fli.d! b_* fui'.nd on board any fl:'p, vc:TJ, <t bo.it whhin four le.-guii Qdp. 13, of the shore of this kingJom, or fh.-.U have been dilVovcred i'j to have been, be* \^»—y—-J tween Tory Island roid l’.iir ihv.d, such ship, ve/ftl, ur bo.it, v.iib :;!1 ].cr ru:<,

tactic, furniture, ammunition, and r.pjKiici, shall be torki-e.l, as alf) :! fuel: tobacco as shall be found on board her, save onb r.:ul t.' c-. p: in cute cf uu.tvoi.i »l 1c necesiity and ditlrefs, of which necesiity or dillvcfs, the tr.r.’Xi, jn'riir, or rc.son having or taking charge or command of such tbip, \*e:TeI, or \ oat, i;,..’! ir.m.-diatcly after the arrival of such ship, veilU, or ho it in t!:i . kir.^dom, gire ninkv, and mate proof before the collector, or other chief officer of ti*c reunite aiident at the nearellport where such ship, vessel, or bo?: iSiail ar»he.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it fi.all not be lav.fyl to import any tobaoeo during the time aforesaid, at any place 01 port, lave such pi :vc>or pets wi.ric tobacco maybe warehoused by virtue of tins act, and if any flip or vefiei hall bo found within the limits of any other purr, haven, or creek within this kingdom, having tobacco on board in any packages w!ia(loe*\r, r shall be dreovered l'» to have been, save only and except in case of unavoidable needs}'*; and di;lr:'V) of which neeciluy and distress, the mailer, puriVr, or o her person ha-ing or taking the charge or command of such ship or vefibl, shall immediate1/after the anl/al of such ship or veil'd in such port, havei, or creek, give notice, and .11 tke proof before the collector or other ciiief officer of the revenue, refluent a: the nc.irell port where such ship or vessel shall arrive, such ship or veil'd, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and allb the said tobacco, shall be forfeited.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no tobacco, except of the produce of Great Britain, North America, or of the British plantations, shall be imported into this kingdom, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in any ship or veil’d, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such tobacco, and treble the value thereof, together with such ship or veil'd in which the same shall be imported, with all Iter guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel.

XIX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the importation of any such tobacco into this kingdom from any place, save from Great Britain, or from the place of the growth of such tobacco.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, it shall not be lawful to import into this kingdom any tobacco manufactured, except fntiff; and if any manufactured tobacco, except fnufT, shall be imported into any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek in this kingdom; or if any ship, vdfd, or boat shall be found within four leagues of the shore of tins kingdom, or shall bedifeovered so to have been, with any manufactured tobacco, except fnufT, on board any such ship, vessel, or boat, or if any such ship, vessel, or boat shall have had any such manufactured tobacco, except snuff, onboard, although such tobacco shall not be actually found on board such ship, vend, or boat, upon proof made that such manufactured tobacco had been on board such ship, vessel, or boat many bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek in this kingdom, or within four leagues of the fiiorc of this kingdom, then, and in every such case respectively, every such ship, vessel, or boar, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, shall be forfeited, as also all such manufactured tobacco as shall be found on board such ship, vessel, or boat, and the packages containing the fame, save only, and except in case of unavoidable necessity and distrest) cf which necessity anddjftrefs the matter, purser,

B c 2 or

112

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

or person having or taking the charge or command of such ship, vessel, or boat,

1790. immediately after the arrival of such flop, vessel, or boat into any bay, port.

Chap. 12. harbour, haven, river, or creek of or belonging to this kingdom, give notice and V—--ymake proof before the collector, or other chief officer of the revenue, resident at the port nearest to the place where fuel? ship, vefltl, or boat shall arrive.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, all bonds to be given pursuant to this act, shall be deemed and taken to be due and payable, immediately upon the day mentioned in the condition of the said bond for the payment thereof, anil that interest at the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, which intcrdl is hereby declared to be a-charge on such tobacco, shall be paid to the crown on all such bonds, such interest to be computed from the day the bond becomes due, unto the day whereon it shall be paid off in money, or the day the searcher certifies upon the debenture, that the tobacco was shipped for exportation, the amount of such bond to be payable as aforesaid, notwithstanding such tobacco shall remain unexported, and although the time limited by law for the drawback on exportation, shall not be expired, and no such security shall be vacated until all such interest shall be paid thereon.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no allowance shall be made to the importer for or in consideration of any damaged or mean tobacco, either at the scale or otherwise, but in case any person Hull refuse to enter such tobacco, and to pay or secure the duties aforesaid for such tobacco, then he, flic, or they shall have liberty to refuse to enter ami pay duty for the fame, or to separate such damaged tobacco, hv cutting off from the hogshead, or other package, so much thereof as he, flie, or they shall refute to pay or secure duty for, and the principal officers of your Majesty's revenue resident at the port where such damaged tobacco shall be landed, or any two or more of them, shall cause such tobacco to be burned, or otherwise dcilroyed, without making any allowance to such importer for freight or other charges, oilier than the allowances herein provided for, any l.iw or cullom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXilL Provided always, That no person shall have liberty to separate the stalk fioiu the leaf, on pretence that the fame is damaged or mean tobacco.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no drawback shall be allowed for any tobacco llnlhs or items exported by themselves when they have been or shall be fe-parated from the leaf, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the land-waiters appointed for the delivery of every ship or veil’d at riving at any port or place in this kingdom, and having tobacco on board be, and they are hereby authorized and required upon the landing of any such tobacco, to cause such landing rnaik to be fixed amt set upon every hngfl.ead, calk, cheil, or other package whatsoever containing the fame, as shall be directed by the commissioners of the revenue, or any three of them, and also to enter every such landing mark in their feieral books oil pain of forfeiting the fttm of fifty pounds, and the proper officers of the revenue respectively, flull in like manner, upon the exportation of any tobacco from this kingdom, cause such export mark to be fixed and set upon evety hogfl.ead. calk, chest, or other package whatsoever containing the fame, as shall be directed

by the commissioners of the revenue, or any three of them, and shall also enter / every Inch export mark in their several books, on pain of forfeiting fifty pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoular.d seven hundred and ninety, no debenture shall be made forth for any tobacco imported into this kingdom from and after the said day, nor any

draw back

The thirtieth Year of George III.

drawback be paid or allowed for the fame when exported or entered outwards for exportation to any part or parts beyond the fees, ufllvfs the fame, and every part thereof, if ic be in leaf and unmanufactured, shall be shipped and exported from the lhme port or place at which such tobacco was at nril imported into this kingdom, and no oilier 5 and also ur.less the fame tobacco if unm.uiufaclurcd, ard every part thereof be fnipped and exported in the oiigin.il package in which and with the fame marks thereon, with which it was at iivlt imported into this kingdom, together v.ith tlm landing mark and export nv.nk herein required to be plated ami ret thereupon, and no other, without any ahir.rion wluttuever being made in the package, cm* pi such as shall be occ.ilio:;cd by nrcefiaiy cooperage ler the repair of the said package, or at v other tobicco being p*u tin rein, or any part of the to* iv.cco being rcinoicd cr i..ucn out of the package in which u was at first imperial, except oiliy ten pounds weight of tob..cco wl ieh i’.r.u! he allowed to he taken out of each hojjUiead, cad;, chest, or case, r.stir the fame lh.nl have been weighed at importation *, and if any perl'oti or p. rJbns \v!i: il'ccur Until enter any un-matutfaflured rcbtcco for cxpottuiion at any other perrer place than that at which the fame tobacco was imported, or in nuv other hoglhcad, calk, chtll, case, or ot’-.i.r package tlun the fame in which the said unmanufactured tobacco was originally imported, nr without the lame marks or numbers, and the said landing and rvjnrt marks, all such tobacco linill fas forfeited, ami no drawback thereupon ‘.hall be pud, cm if any shall have been paid, the same shall be repaid, and the p vlcn who entire.I, or cauied the same to be entered, shall forfeit the sum of t'10 imndred pounds, and if any person Until ship for exportation any hoglhcad, obeli, calk, case, or oth.-r pick-age of tobacco, out of which more than ten pounds weight of tehacco iiiall have been taken for farr.ples, he, she, or they so or Teiui-ing, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds fur every fuel* hoglhcad or other peek.;go of tobacco so flopped for exportation.

a.\

VII. And be it fimkm cuacted, That no tobacco Hull be imported or brought into this kingdom in any package whatsoever, other than Hi IlOglhSHtlS, Calks, cheiU, or wooden cases, every such hoglhcad, calk, chdt, or case, to contain lour hundred and twenty-five pounds net weight of tobacco at the least, under pain of fors:tin*» ali such tobacco as ss.ail be irrported otherwise than as afotc-fald, together with the hogii.eads, calks, elicits, cases, and other packages containing the lame.

KMVIII. Provided nevt-rtheiefs, and be it further enacted, That when any unmanufactured tobacco Hull he imported in hogsteads, calks, chelts, or wooden cases as aforesaid into this kingdom, if upon landing and examination thereof, it shall appear that the tobacco contained in any such hogsheads, chclls, wooden cases, or c Iks, is so much damaged, that by the cutting off the damaged part thereof for which no duty is paid, the found tobacco remaining in any such hogf-heads, chclls, calks, or wooden cases for which duty is to be paid, is under the weight of four hundred and twenty-five pounds, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the importer or importers thereof, in the presence of the land-waiter appointed to deliver the ship in which the fame was imported, to cause all such found tobacco to be put together in one or more of the said hogf-heads, chells, calks, or wooden cases out of which the damaged tobacco was taken, and the said land-waiter or other proper officer is hereby curetted and required to enter in their respective books the true and exact weight of all such found tobacco put into each and every such hoglhcad, chest, calk, or wooden case, with the fever;! and respective marks and numbers set on each and every such hoglhcad, chest, calk, or wooden case, and also to note and specify in their hooks, that such hogfhe.nls, chells, calks, cr wooden cases were packed and refilled in their presence; and every such hoglhcad, chest, calk, or wooden case of un-Vol. XV. rf manufactured

A.D.

179c. Chap, f 2.

ii4

A.D. 1 TP-

The thirtieth Year of George III.

marufartured tobacco, shall and may be exported from the same forts, and to other,; t which they were originally imported, and debentures shall be ;m:rie out Chap. I0, and the «;r. wl)3ck be paid for the tobacco rhercin contained, provided t'"* r.tian-tiiy i f :'-c tobacco in every such hogshead, chert, calk, or wooden case amounts to four hundred and iwuitv-site pounds weight or more, in t,;e fame irc.i.ner ami fori", and under the l'..me reiiriclions to all intents ami pu-posts, as ii li e p.iCe..j»c* of such tobacco h/.d not been alterui j any thing Krein contained to the cov.: in any wise »o:witiillam:ing.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand fiven hundred and ninety, any person *c ho llu!i enter any unnn-imOdiured tobacco outward!*, at any port or place in this kirn,don:, in order to be '.hipped and exported in any ship or vessel whatsoever to any pan?'T parts beyond the fens, shall, before the fame or any part thereof is kuion cn board any Hup or vdlei to he export*, d, deliver to the surveyor or land-waiter appainted to examine tobacco li.ippid for e\j\ nation, an account in wijting inn fair, diflSn:-, and legible manner, signed by the person or persons exporting fncii tobacco, and, containing the mark and number contained in the mani'clt, which was upon each and every hogfnead, calk, chefi, or other package of such tobacco at die time when the fame was flrit imported into tins kingdom, and alfc the lauding mark ami number which was placed ami set upon each and efry hogih*ad, call:, cheit, or wooden case thereof, when the fame was first landed in this kingdom, together with the txuc: weight that every kogliead, calk, cheit, or wooden case, with the tobacco therein contained was of a: the time of its being landed in this kingdom, and also the particular mark and num-'ber set upon every fuel: hoplhcad, calk, cheit, cr wooden cate by the exporter or exporters thereof at the time the same shall be brought to the water fide ro be shipped for expmtati.m; a duplicate of v.hlch account, figi,cd in the like manner, shall be lodged with the collector of the port from which such tobacco shall be exported, which account shall be filed by every such collector in las office, ami a copy of it entered in a book to be by him kept for that purpose, and the fun < yor or land-waiter appointed to examine iecii tobacco oil exportation, shall weigh the fame, and enderfc on the cocket a true copy of such account, and the weight of such tobacco at the lime of exportation, and lign the fame, and no officer shall admit any cocket, isnicls endorsed and fgned as afcrcfcic!; and every ex porter of tobacco shall atfo from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, write cih the weight of each hogfmad, calV, chert, or case of ur.nv.imfacU.;cd tobacco by him, her, or them fnipped f t exportation from any part of this kingdom from the entry made of each hogilicau, chest, calk, or calc of such unmanuf <C)urcd tobacco ?t the time when if was fit fl- imported into this kingdom; and if any person who a iter l he said twenty-fifth day of March, one thotif.md fovea hummed ami niarty, shall r ter outwards for exportation from any ju*it or ports of this kingdom, any unmanufactured tobacco, shall neglect or reftif to give in fuel1 recounts respectively as aibre-hud, c\try person so oflending i!..ill for every such cilVr.cc, forfeit ti e sum d’ i’r.c pounds for every hoglhcad, calk, chert, or o»her package of such unmami-l.idured tobacco, and no drawback or debenture for or on account of the exportation merer:, Hull be made on*, granted, or paid.

Xa\ jir.d be it further enacted, That every person, who from ard r.ft'.-r the fvcpty.fiiii day of M.rch, one thousand seven hundred ?. d ninciv, fli?.!l impair auv cco into this kingdom, and who shall in :mv \\ ife n t idu‘1 ure the k i:e, or my part thereof upon his, her or their own account <r - ceou'-cs or c.ad«. or pro-.ute the fame, nr any part ereof to be manuv.cUired ibt ! her, 01 their own account or accounts, bj any other pc/i\n. fl-J! bclorc :.‘e!' p;e or

Tie thirtieth Year of George III.

it

5

any patt thereof be manufactured by the importer cr inverters, or shall be delivered A.

an account in writing cont.in'ing the mark ai;i number as specified in the ma-nifcil, of every luck he r.ftu-r.d, ccik, chest, or other package of tobacco intended to be manufaOurev!, with the :ir.mc of the ship or slups in which, and the time when, the tobacco so imen Vd to be r.v.nuf.ic!ired was iirpc.net!; a!so the landing nurk am! number Art on each iuy.lte.td, c.:ik, chef!, or case at the time of their imp* nation into t! i> Unei-cp*, and ilfo the ex.icl weight which each hogf-head, calk, chrft, or case, and the tobauo thru in contained were of at the lime of their being fir it i.ind~d in tins Kingdom, and the rx.»et weight the fame were of at the time of the ddiwvv of such ub.-cco in be mamsfuclured; which account Utah be figued by such importer or importers, cv one of hi?, Inr, or their Known clerks, and also by the pnfon or persons to whom such tobacco shall be delivered to be nunufaOurcil, or by one of his, her, or their known clerks, with their fever.:) and respective names and phiccs of abode; and such importer and importers shall, at the time of ttcir delivering in such accounts as aforesaid, writeoff from :hc entries made at the time or times at which the tobacco contained in such aVC'um:; was imported, ami rgainst every particular Hup in which the fame was imported, the weight of each p.>rt\eulv.r boghead, calk, chest, or case convince it: such account of tobacco intended to be manufactured as aforesaid, in ti t same manner and P rm as if the fame tobacco had been delivered for exportation; and in case any importer or importers of tolucco fludl neglect to give in such account as aferef. id, ..i the time and in such manner and form in all lei puds, and to all inrern.o and purpnies ns is herein directed and inquired, or in case such account ih.dl be f die or fraudulent in any respect whatsoever, he, flic, or they onendinj! in any of the cases aforesaid, flwH forfeit the fam of thirty pounds fur every hogshead, calk, chefl, or case of ttbacco, an account of which shall be omitted to be given as herein directed, or of which a wrong account fn.dl be given; ..ml the person or persons to whom such tobacco shall have been delivered to be manufactured, negic (fling to sign by him, her, or themselves, or by ids, her, or their known clerk, such account as afdre&id, or Ggning any false tr ir u.*;:Lnt account, shall rfo forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such hogfi.eee, calk, chcfY. or cal*- cf tobacco cf which no account, or of which a f.dft: or fraudulent ;.ccou»'.t :.i- " V iven.

XXM. And be it furtl: . u- , That every pvrfon who from and after the twenty-finli nay of Minch, <: thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall impost any tobicco into tins ki; ! and shall fell nr deliver the fame or any part thereof to ary perrm ci ;.i:ous whatsoever, shall, within fourteen days after lha delivery thereof, out ;* !:;Iter, cr their custody to the purchaser or purchasers thereof, or t their t -.r, or for their uie, give and deliver to the collector, or ether chief u.i.eer -c ' revenue at the port or place where such tobacco w-ts imp- reed,: n ace urn . - ruing, containing the mark and number, as fpc-cilied in tlx nunixl:, ct; > ogfliead, calk, dic'd, or other package of tobacco fu lo!d or dcl.v;rec, v.vdv.; irne oi the ship or ships in which fecit tobacco so fold and delivered v.us h vd, ami the times when, and also the landing mark an.I nu nber A.t on each r. i xad, calk, chest, cr case, at the time of their im-pft iti -n into tins king h . ' '*th tin: exact weight which each of such hogf-ji-.-us, calk*. chetls, ore..1 .;u! the tobacco therein contained were of at the fi.- of tlscr being hrlt l.:i. :tins kingdom, and a’.fu the exact weight thereof: ‘ ‘.c tin*., of their file . livery to purchaser or purch. f rs therof; :.^h account dull be signed by ;n.*b importer or isaporters, or one of his, her,

Ff a

or

11 (> The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D. -r their known clerks, and also by such person or persons to whom such tobreen

IJQO. shall he foM or delivered, or one of his, her, or their known clerks 5 to winch

Chap. I 2. *Jid fcvvr;!i signatures shall be added the places of abode of such purchasers, *>-*—»—impoiuis, ami other pnibi -, so lignin^ such accounts} and such. itnro-:cr or in.-portt rs Ih.iil, at the time of their delivering in such accounts as aforesaid, \\:i <j|i from the entries made it the time or times at which the tobacco contained i:i such account uv.s imported, r.rnl again! c‘tty particular fi.ip, in which the fame was imported, the \u i.;ht of r.>ch particular hogshead. calk, ch.c’t, or case ol tobacco contained in such account, in the same manner anti form, n* if Inch tobacco li.r' been deliver; d for o.pi nation } and in case any imponer or in porn.:-of tehacco shall Uej'kci to love in such tueoimt ;.s afoul..ni, ;:t the time, ami in lueh manner and form in ai! resptck', and to all interns ai:e. pmposes as is hire in directed, or in case fuel: account il all v.t the time lie fame is given in, or nr any time afteTW..rds apjv.ru- he faite or fraudulent in -any rdpect uhatfuever, he, llic, or th.ey ollemni.!'in mj of ti.c e. u.» aforesaid, Hull forfeit tl,e sum of thirty pounds for eviiy l.ogh ,u., talk, theft, or oil er package of tobacco, an account of which flu! be omiuui to be given in such manner as is herein directed, or of which a false or fraudulent; ccount Hull be given} ami the person 01 pufon* to whom, or to whole order, or ior whose tile inch tobacco shall have been fold or delivered, neglecting to lign by him, her, or themh.hi.s, or by his, 1 er, or their known clerk, lueh account as .-foreuid, or kgning, er causing to be fgt.cd, unv f.iifc or fraudulent account, mail also ii.iieitthe in a: of thirty pou.uV f« r every such hogshead, calk, chclt, case, cr oti.cr package of tobacco, of which i.o account, or of which a lalfc or fraudulent account i* given.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tia.r in case any f.:ch tobacco shall, before landing thereof, receive any tk.nuigc, it shall ami may he iawiul for the commissioners, or any one of then:, or the collector or other thief ollicer of the revenue, at the port wherein such tooucco shall be landed, to pay to the importer at the rate of one halfpenny for every pound of such tobacco foi which the importer shall refuse to pay, or secure the full duties, and which shall be cut ou or ft panted from the found tobacco, in order to be burned or otherwise destroyed by the officers of the revenue, so as such allowance shall not exceed ihlriv Ihiliings for all the tobacco damaged in any one hogshead imported; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no drawback shall be allowed on any tobacco exported in any package if unmanufactured, containing less than four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, and if manufactured containing less than two hundred pounds weight, any thing herein contained notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no tobacco, nor tobacco Italics, nor fnutV, exceeding in quantity four pounds weight, shall be conveyed or carried by land or by water from any port or place in this kingdom to any other port or place in this kingdom, or from any place within any port in this kingdom, to any other place within the same port, in any hogshead, calk, chert, case, or other package, unless such hogshead, caik, chert, case, or ether package, be luimpcd or marked on the outside with the respective words, tobacco, tobaccofolks, ox fajt, in large letters, not less than three inches in length, under the penalty of forfeiting all such tobacco, tobacco rtalks, or fnuif, with the package thereof.

WXY. And be it further enacted, That no tobacco mamifaOurcd or tinmanu-f.tOltned, or fnulT, which shall have been removed from the pert or place cl importation, or from any other port or place in this kingdom to any other pert or place in the fame, shall be again returned or lent back to such port or place from

vjKuec

The thirtieth Year of George III. 11

whence the (ante was or were before removed or font, upon any pretence whatso- A.D. ever, without leave being firlu had and obtained for that purpose from the com- \ JtJO.

milltonas of the revenue, or any three or more of them, and without a special Chap. I 2, certificate he granted to accompany the fame in fitch m inner and form, and by such pL?son and peiioni as the said contrailiioners respectively shall think proper to appoint, upon p'ain of forfeiture thereof, together with the horses, cattle, carriages, vdi'els or boats made use of in the removal or conveyance of the same.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That towards railing the supply granted to your Majvdv, and for the better regulation of the tobacco trade and of the manufacture cf tobacco, no person find after the twenty-fifth day of March, one liioufimi seven immiret! ;md ninety, manufacture any tobacco into roll, pig-tail, fnuSV, or otherwise, or deal in unmanufactured tobacco, except as an wholes.de importer only, or an ivhoiefale merchant only, without first taking out a license for the fame, signed by one of the commissioners of the revenue, for which licenic ihc lam of twelve pounds shall be paid by every such person j and that no periou deeding in tobicco as a wholtf.de merchant, not being the importer of such tobacco, shall so deal therein, without first taking out a license in manner aforesaid, for which license the fuin of twenty shillings shall be paid by every such person, and every such license shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thous.md ftven hundred ami ninety-one, and no longer*, for each of which liesnfes there shall be paid a fee of two shillings and no more, any law to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any person shall manufacture any tobacco, or deal in the lame as aforesaid, without having taken out such license refuectively as aforesaid, he or flic Shall forfeit the fnm of three hundred pounds.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no license shall be granted to any person to manufacture, or Shall authorize any person to manufacture tobacco in nnv place in this kingdom, other than in such place where by law tobacco may be warehoused, or in the shire-towns of counties, in the counties of cities and counties of towns, and such other towns in the several diilricU of this kingdom, in which collectors of the revenue resided on the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-ilven, or where they now rcfiric, and idfo such town from which any dillricl takes its name, or where surveyors of excise arc -reiidenr, unless such license be ligned by three of the said commissioners, and all unmanufactured tobacco kept in any house, (lore-house, or other place not belonging to the person licensed to manufacture tobacco in such place, situate in any other part of this kingdom, and ail tobacco -prefles, tobacco tables, tobacco spinning wheels, and fnulf mills, ami all other utensils for manufacturing tobacco found in any part of this kingdom, other than us aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and the person or persons in whole possession any such tobacco table, press, wheel, fnufl mill, or other utensil for manufacturing tobacco shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and no permit shall be granted for the conveying of unmanufactured tobacco to any place other than places where persons may be licensed to manufacture tobacco.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That persons in partnership, and carrying on the trade or business of mnnufadluritig tobacco in one house only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one license, and that uo one license, which shall be granted by virtue of this act, Shall authorize or empower any person or persons to whom the same shall be granted to minufacture tobacco in any other house than such one house and working places thereunto adjoining, as shall be mentioned in such license, and in the entry to be made thereof with the collector, in pursuance of this ail.

Yol. XV.

G

118

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

XX’CIX. And be it further enrich'd, Th.it from and nfur ti.e twer.ty-Httli c’ny

fi,r-:mes sit full length, sir.! the won1-: /7< . > f 7 T :.r."/v /;.w.r, aiv.l shall

s.r.:. the fame on fiw.c cuufpictiou; place oir th: «.:!: i-j of the fiont of his, her, or their Jinufc, not more i!.;n i!:nc fat tlx top of the il.of

door or streit door of fii'.’li house, and prefer vc !»ap vp fame linrirg the time he, li.e, or tliry Hull cotnirme to manufa.1 i.n to - o: to cktii in tobacco, or in default thereof l!i li! tetfeit the farn of t:n

XL. And be it cr.-icid, That every ccilalor win id'.! n Hccnfe to any person to mnnttfaelure, or othr:\iife ch*.:i in tobacco i.-rVirefai.l, Hull -at the time of granting such license, give to the person ohtaiiiii’.j rise lame, a certificate thereof, which certificate shall, at cwry toot. the r*sion or persons to li-cenfal shall purchase any uiimsmufacltired tobacco from any importer of tobacco, or person licensed to deal in unmamiiatiura! tobacco, he produced to such importer, or person licensed ns aforesaid, who shall ctubrfe on such certificate the number of hogsheads fold, also the marks, mitr.bcis, ami weight upon each hogflicad, the place where, and time when, the mime of the ship in which the fr.ne was impoited, ami the time when the duty thereon was paid, and the name of the persons to whom the fame ll.all be loid, and the time of Inch sale, ami such importer, or his known clerk, Hull sign such endorsement; and such certificate, with such emiorfi.tr.ent as aforesaid, (h.dl he produced to the proper cfiicer for granting permits, before such ollicer shall grant a permit for such tobacco, and such officer shall, at tlx time of granting every such permit, specify on such cmlorfement the date and number of the permit, and the place where the fame shall be granted, and sign Lis name thereto*, and in case any unmanufactured tobacco shall he sold by any person licensed to manufacture tobacco, or deal in the same as nforef.ud, to any other person licensed to manufacture tobacco, or deal in the f.r.x -as nforu.ud, the officer for granting a permit for conveying the same to the person buying the fame, shall cmlorfe on the said certificate of the filler of such tobacco, the time of granting such permit, and to whom the fame was granted, and upon every transfer, the fame retjuifites shall be performed as are directed upon the first sale of the importer; and every such manufacturer or dealer in tobacco, fluil, on the twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, or within ten days after the said days respectively, return to the collector of the dtftrici in which he or she shall reside, the said certificate, together with all emloriVir.ems made thereon, and every such collector shall upon receiving such certificate with such endorsement thereon, give a new certificate to the person who shall br so licensed, and such manufacturer or dealer shall, on the tuemy-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, or within ten days after, deliver to such collector the certificate by him or her received as aforesaid, with all endorsements made thereon, and if any such person shall not deliver up any such certificate at the respective times aforesaid, he or (lie shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds; and in case the paper on which any such certificate shall be granted, shall before any of the days on which the fame is hereby required to be returned, be filled up by the endorsements herein directed to be made thereon, then, and in every such cate, every such collector shall, upon such manufacturer, or other dealer as aforesaid, delivering up to him any such certificate so by him granted, with such en-darfemems thereon, grant unto such manufacturer or dealer as aforesaid, a new

1790. Chna 12.

certificate

110

The thirtieth Year of George III.

coniiicst^ 0:1 v/Ncii frc!: r-cc^unt of totocco to be j’urch.'.fetl by lion in fuc'* A. D

wanner, nnJ within fuLII times respediwly ;s nibr.fjhi, d-a! Le emtoricci as I/90,

aforesaid; a:u even' such coif..dor, ih.ii, up.-i rccil.i.'.p trem cve.y such m«mu- Chap* 12. fiidurer cr r n afjrdaui, any luc'" c< Julie.;.; v.hk r:oi ciVorkmcms flitre-on, enter the frns in a book to he heyt by Hr.: Hr that purpof-, an.l f.uthwish tnnsmit cv^ry such ceitUie.it., with the ei^h:?.:3 tLuiu, to the rcgdler-general of tobacco for t!.c time l:t in.;.

XI. 1. And bj cmuled, 'i‘br. if my r:f.: so kccr-fed, fit.:!’ i:ot on demand me.de by nr.v < tkeer m* yotir MHeuv’s vtu .’uce tu such iihccr Inch certificate, with the imlo'tHvic’its whit it h.'.vc I ten made tl-.TCnn, or not luticr such officer to inspect and c:...:vine the fit!-.-, t!.»n ittch perlen ioiicerfed, tliedl for every Inch ne.-hd or rcfvf.-.l, iV-ruk fun nf mie hundred ptundr; ami in case r.nv tmlcrilment made on fuc*. i\;:;kc:j) shall appear to the salt! com-ntiiiioRers of your Majeliv’s revenue, or lince of them, to have been era!.-;, obliterated, or fraudulently altered, then it shall and may he law ini Hr me faiil commiliiamrs, or ary three of [item, m annul or vacate the license } ranted to the person or persons whole ctniiiedo thail k,;u* bun crated, obliterated, or fraudulently altered; aiul every potion to v.horn inch err.lul, obliterated, cr altered certi/kate fli-.ll have been granted, flu-l! fcrrh.it the sum of one hundred pounds.

XLII. And be it further en.tcled, That from and after the twenty-fifth day or March, one thous.ind seven hundred and ninety, all tobacco manufactured or unmanuhichiu’d, of \vh,:t quality or speeits louver, and all limit’ above the weight cf four pounds, that shall be carried and com. eyed from any one place in this kingdom to another, as well from one part of a city or town, to another part of such city or tovwi, as f;om any city or town to any other part of the kingdom, Hull and may be lVm.ed by any olTicev of his Mujeily’s revenue, and shall be deemed ami taken to be smugglul goods, and forfeited as such, unlcfsthe carrier or person conveying llic fame, lkail produce a permit. cr let-pass given by the proper officer of the revenue for the carriage of such tobacco or fnuif, upon demand, by any such officer.

XU1l. And be it further enacted, That no unmaimfaflurcd tobacco, tobacco flulks, or lnutr, exceeding in quantity four pounds weight in the whole, although in separste packages, th.il! be remoted, carried, or conveyed, either by land or by water, at any one and the same time, by any one and the fame carriage or conveyance, and directed to one and the same person, or to different persons in one and the fame partnership in trade, without a permit being (hit had ami obtained from the proper officer of the place from whence furh tobacco, tobacco stalks, cr fnuiT, shall be removed, which permit shall accompany the fume :o the place to which the fame is tr» be carried or conveyed.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That all tobacco and snuff found in the poillffion of any buyer or retailer of manufactured tobacco, for which a permit or certificate, as the case may be, of force fuilicient to protect the fame, shall not he produced, shall be forfeited, and the person in whole p;ffil-ilion the fame .'hull be found, Audi forfeit five shillings for each pound weight thereof.

XLV. And be it further maeled, That there shall be levied, raised, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, for and upon all tobacco which Audi be manufactured in this kingdom in any manner as aforesaid, during the time aforesaid, a duty cf six pence per pound lor each pound weight thereof; the duty to be paid by the person or persons maiiufachiring t/ic fame, or taking any part of the fame out of the original package; i.nd the said duty of six pence per pound shall be paid as aforesaid, fot every pound weight of such tobacco contained in such package at the time when such package shall be opened, and all G g 2 tobacco

120

The thirtieth Year of George III.

tobacco taken out of such package as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be I *709 tobacco taken out of such package for thy purpose of manufacturing the same.

Cll'tn 1°

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it" any manufacturer of, or dealer in —j tobacco, shall open any package of tobacco for the purpose of taking any tobacco out of such package, except in the presence of the proper officer of excite, or after twenty-four hours prewou.i notice thereof having been given to such officer to attend, and Ids neglecting to attend pursuant thereto, in which notice shall he expressed the package or packages vl.iJi is or are intended to be opened, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XI.VU Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for every such manufacturer of, or dealer in tobacco, to take out of any such package any quantity cf tobacco not exceeding two pounds in weight for samples, and for no other purpose.

XLViil. And be it further enacted, That every person manufacturing tobacco, find! cause to be branded or painted on each and every table with or without a spinning wheel, which shall be kept by him cr her, or be hi ids or her possession for the purpose of spinning tobacco, or on which tobacco may be spun, and on a conspicuous part thereof, his or her name and surname, and the number of the table, beginning with number one, and proceeding in the common arithmetical progression, until every such table shall be numbered, and every such per-Ibn ill whose possession shall be found any table for the purpose of spinning tobacco, or on which tobacco may be spun, which shall not have been so branded or primed, or oil which the fame number shall be branded or painted, if two or more of such tables shall be branded or painted with a similar number, shall forfeit for each and every such table the sum of twenty pounds, and every such table shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of your M.ijdty’s revenue.

XI.IX. And be it further enacted, That every person manufacturing tobacco, shall befers any Hcenfe for manufacturing the fame be granted, make true and particular entry in writing under his, her, or their hand or hands, or under the lumi of his, her, or their known clerk, with the collector of the district in which l.c, file, or they shall rcfule, of every tobacco table, and the number of wheels and spindies for spinning tobacco, and of every tobacco prels and snuff mill kept by him, her, or them, and also of all houses, warehouses, workhouses, fliops, rooms, cellars, vaults, and other places by him, her, or them respectively intended to be made use of for the manufacturing, keeping, or felling of tobacco or snuff, distinguishing the places where such tobacco tables and wheels, tobacco prtfles and fault mills are respciflivdy intended to be kept, and shall tender to such collector a duplicate of such entry, and such collector shall at the foot thereof certify that the fame is a duplicate of the entry made with him, ami the same shall in all cases be evidence of such entry, and every tobacco table, tobacco wheel, tobacco prt'fs, or other engine or instrument for pressing tobacco, and fuull mill, which shall be found in the possession of a person not licensed to manufacture tobacco or fault', cr which shall be found in the possession of any person who shall be lieenfed to manufacture tobacco or fault', and of which such entry shall not have been made by such person, or which shall be found in any room or place other than such rooms or places as shall be mentioned in such entry for the keeping thereof, Hull be forfeited and seized, and the person in whole house, out-house, or poficlnon the fame Hull be found, shall forfeit for every such table, wheel, prels, or mill, the sum of twenty pounds} and every manufacturer of tobacco shall for every house, wareheufe, workhouse, {hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place which shall be used for manufacturing, keeping, or felling his, her, or their tobacco cr snuff, of which such entry shall not

have

I *2 I

The thirtieth Year of George III.

have been made, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and ai! tobacco and muff which y\t J)f tKdl at any time be found therein, with all c.iiks, vessels, and packages whatso- 1790. ever containing the fame, shall be forfeited and fuzed by any oiTicer or officers Qhap. 12. of the revenue.

L. And be it enacted, That where any entry frail be made by any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or fr.uO" of any w.irehctifl, uvikhouse, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place lor manufacturing, l.aping, or felling tobacco cr lnitlT, no other entry shall be made by any other manufiolurer or nunufa<flurei'S of tobacco or fnulV, net bcirc in p.-.ui-ership with such manufacturer or manufacturers making such first entry of the fame warehouse or workhouse, or of any Ihop, room, cellar, vault, or oilier place whatever, for the manufacturing, keeping, or felling of tobacco or InuiV under the fame roof, or within the same house or tenement, of which such iirlt entry shall be then existing} and every such further entry made by any manufacturer or manufacturers, of the fame house, or of any ihop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, under the fame roof, or within the same house or tenement, shall be void; and all tobacco and fnuIT,

ami the packages containing the fame, and all implements for manufacturing tobacco and fnulV found tlurein, not the property of the person or persons having made the fiilt entry, fln.ll be forfeited and seized by any oilicer or officers of the revenue.

LI. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall be so Hccnfed as aforesaid to mamif.irhive tob.cco, shall he charged and chargeable with, and shall pay the duty of esicife for not I elk than four thousand pounds weight of tobacco in each quarter of the year, for each and every tobacco table- which shall be kept by such person, and that no such person shall he so licensed, unlefli such person shall flrfl enter into a bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the penally of two hundred pounds for each and every tobacco tabic which Hull be mentioned in such entry as aforesaid, conditioned to pay the duty of excise for such time a» such license shall be of force, for not Ids than four thousand pounds weight of tobacco in each quarter in the year, for each and every tobacco table which shall be kept by 1dm or her, such quarter to commence from the twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twen y-fifth day of December next preceding the date of such Iiccnfe, and auo the duty of excise for all such tobacco exceeding such quantity, as such person or persons fl:.dl be liable to pay by virtue of tab ad, during the time such Iiccnfe Hull be in force.

LH. Provided always, That where aa entry or regiflry shall have been made by any manufacturer of two or more tables, such bond shall not extend to charge him or her in respect of one of such two or more tables, with the payment of the duty of excise, for more than three thousand pounds weight of tobacco, in each quarter, as aforesaid, unless the quantity manufactured by such person shall exceed the rate aforesaid.

LIII. Pro'idid also, That in case any manufacturer of tobacco shall not deem it expedient to manufacture an equal quantity of tobacco in every quarter of the year, cotr.mrrcr g aforesaid, it shall and may be lawlui lor Inch manufacturer, after having given a notice in writing to tin* collector of the districl in winch he or (lie ih :! be iicenftd to manufacture lohiCCO, specifying whether flier he intend to t:f any, and what number of tobacco t. bics in the then enfuitig our-er, c :in:v.cr.einit as .'foresaid, and the number intended tube idl'd in such quarter, on or bifoie the rommcncenunt of uicluprnkT. to fend at i is or her own cxnence to, and d.-'vnhe in your i.ii.kuy’s likes i:i the ibid dillricl, all, or any of the tobacco tilde, which Ih.t'd h we been so unrrrd and Rgiit. red as aforesaid, with the fphtnin^ wheels tiu»%.:* 1 .’lo'iging, nml fu.h colieclor 1:1.11! give such manu-

Vol. XV. II h fjeturer

122

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A D. fafltirer a receipt for the fame, specifying the amount in number of the tables, ;md the numerical numbers which lli.ill lure been branded or painted thereon; and .»lfo the number of /pinning wheels winch shall have been so sent to such (torts, and every such manufacturer shall, for such quarter, ami for each ami every quarter, during which his or her t..b!e or i b'cs, with the i,diming wheels thereunto belonging shall remain in such llores, be difihaiged from such bond, so far as the same shall relate to the charge of duty in respect of the tables which shall have been so dcpofiud and kept in such stores; and in case* such ir.r.-i)uf.i£Uircr shall think proper 10 ripolkfs himself or herftdf in any subsequent quanrr, of all or any of the* tables and wheels which shall have been lb deposited as aforesaid, huh tollcdor shall, at the commencement of such quarter, deliver jo fiuJi manufacturer, such table or tables, wheel or wheels, as fiuil be required by him or her. lie* or (he giving such tolleclor a receipt for the fame; and every such manufacturer shall be ch.occd in such quarter, am! in every ensuing quarter in which he or flit Hull have Ui.h tables in his or her possession, with duty of exctlc, not kfs than at the rate ufoiesaid, for the number of tables which shall be in his or her poilliliou, and which shall not remain deposited in Audi ilores.

LIV. Provided stlfo, That if any manufacturer of tobacco shall, in any quarter of the year after he shall have* nude entry as aforesaid, of the number of tobacco tables to be nfed by him or her, propose to keep a greater number of such tables than the number fult entered, no entry of such greater number shall be received, nor certificate thereof given, unkTs such manufacturer Audi enter into a new bond with fureries, as aforesaid, in a penalty at the rate aforesaid, for every tobacco table so intended to be kept by him or her, conditioned as is herein mentioned, with respect to the bond herein before required to be entered into, on taking out a luenlc to manufacture tobacco.

LV. And be it further enacted, That every table, bench, or other fixture, with or without a wheel, on which any tobacco shall be manufactured, and which shall exceed the length of four feet, and be of the breadth of twenty-one inches, shall be icnfiiiered as a tobaao table, within the intent and meaning of this act, mild’s such table, bench, or other fixture, be kept by a licensed manufacturer, ami be itftd only for the purpose of fixing a fuuff mill or mills thereto, or for making up tobacco into rolls, after the fame hath been spun.

I, V1. And be it further enacted, That every table, bench, or other fixture, tiled for the purpose of manufacturing tobacco, whuh shall be of a greater length than twenty-one feet, or if the lame shall be twenty-one feet or upwards in length, and be of greater breadth than twenty-one inches, shall be considered as two tables; and any table with which nure than one wheel shall be uftrd at the f.tmc lime, fil.tll be tonfidered to be so many tables as shall be equal to the number of wheels used, or whi.hmay be used therewith at one time, and (halt be charged and chargeable with, and liable to pay duty for a quantity of tobacco in cath quart.*i accordingly.

And be it tiuded, That the surveyors, gaugers, and other officers of your Majesty's revenue lh.u», from time to time, make return or report in writing to the collectors, in their respective districts, of the duties of ex. ife chargeable by virtue of this act, on ad perfoijs chargeable therewith, in such di/tricls r<Tp -finely, and such return or u pon shall be a tbarge on all such personss.

l.Mil. And be it further ciiacled, Ihat the said inland cr cxiiA-duty of fix p.'i c pound charged by virtue of this act on all tobacco chargeable thtrcwhh, ll-ail be paid by the manufacturer or manufacturers, orptrfon iji pr: suns taking uibaice out ot tilt original p.n.kage% to the collector of the «Ulruf, v.-r! tcveu nay» alter inch package shall he opened for the pt.rpose of taking any o.’.v.ao

out

'1P-Chap. 12

The thirtieth Year of George III. 123

out of the fame, except for a f.imple, or in default thereof, all such tobaccoA.D.

shall be forfeited and fth',ee; and every such manufacturer or person who shall 1790.

mal:e default therein, shall, for every such default, fin felt the sum of fifty pounds, Chap. 12. and also one Hulling for each pound weight of tobacco contained in such original ^-v*- package.

I.IX. And be it further enaOtd, That if any importer, or other person dealing in tobacco, shall fell or O liver any tobacco to any manufacturer, or dealer in tobacco, or other person, without procuring a permit or permits for such tobacco, such importer, or person dealing in tobacco, felling the fame, shall be liable to, and pay the said excite duty of six pence per pound for all such tobacco as he or file shall so fell or deliver without such permit or permits.

LX. And be it enacted, That every person manufacturing tobacco, or dealing therein as nfordaid, shall be subject to, and shall pay the said lad mentioned duty of six pence p.r pound for all tobacco which (half be fold or delivered to such person, uulcfs he or she shall prove that such tobacco had been sold by him or her in the fame Hate in which he or !he bought the fame, and to whom the fame was fold.

LXl And be it furtluv enacted, That the said respective duties of twelve pounds, and twenty (hiliings, to be paid by persons licetifed to manufacture to-bicco, or otherwise to deal in the same as aforesaid, and the said duty of fix police per pound on all tobacco contained in the original package out of which auv part of such tobacco shall he taken, may be lfcvied by the officers of your Majesty's revenue, in such manner, and by such ways and means as the duty payable for licenses to keep nlchouses is raised and collected, by virtue of an act of parliament made in this kingdom, in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty George the ficond, entitled, An act for the better regulating the cAU cl't'jti of his Jilii}ji\s revenuet anti fer preventing cf frauds therein, and for j <-pealing an act made in the hfl f ff;:ns of parlianunty entitled, An act for continuing and amending fevered I tins here: fore made relating to his Majtjlfs revenue, and for the more efiech/a! prevent:? g f frauds in his Majestf s customs and exctfe% and the several acts and statutes which arc mentioned in the said act, and continued thereby, as futly to all intents ami purposes as if the provisions in the said act for the purpose were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enatted in this act.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any tobacco tabic or wheel, or any tobacco press or fmtiT mill shall be found in the possession of any person, having also in his or her possession any tobacco in leaf, or in a fiate of manufacture, or any manufactured tobacco exceeding the weight of one pound; or if any unmanufactured tobacco shall be found in the possession of any person having also in his or her possession any manufactured tobacco, exceeding the weight of one pound, or if any tobacco in a flute of manufacture shall be found in the poll'clfioti of any person, the fame Audi be conclusive evidence that such person is a manufacturer of tobacco.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That every person not being a manufacturer of tobacco, uholhtd! fell tobacco or fnu:F by retail, shall take out a licensc for that purpose, from the collector of the district in which he or flic And! reside, which llcenfe such collector shall grant without fee nr reward, and that every person not Itcensed to manufacture tobacco, in whose possession shall be found mere than two pounds of manufactured tobacco, or one pound cf fnufl*, shall be deemed a retailer of tobacco; and unh-fi such pc:fnn shall produce fitch iiunfe as aforesaid, for retailing the fame, he or she II.all forfeit five pounds, and r.li tobacco and fnulf found in his or her puiLHion shall be fors.ited, ;ud may be feizcii by any officer of your Majesty's revenue.

; 124 thirtieth Year of George III.

i

A.D. 1«X!V. And be it enacted, That there shall be allowed and repaid for and upon

I -{jo. tobacco manufactured in this kingdom, that shall be exported after the tw»*nty-Cli'ip I"1 *;!y ^aT£b» one thousand seven hundred and ninety, a sum after the

rate of two shillings and three pence for every five pounds ’.eight thereof, upon proof being made that such manufactured tobacco paid the aforesaid duty of six pence f.er pound.

)<XV. And be it further enacted, That upon all tobacco manufactured in this kingdom, which lira) I be exporter after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven huuured and ninety, there shall be allowed by way of drawback or compensation for the duty paid on the import of the leaf tobacco whereof it is manufactured, the sum of five pence for every pound weight of such manufactured tobacco,

i, X\T. Provided always, That neither the find drawbacks or allowances shall be paid on the export of any manufactured tob.«eco, unless the fame be exported in packages not less than two hundred pounds weight each, nor unless due proof be lirlt made that the leaf tobacco whereof it is manufactured has paid the duties required by law on the importation thereof.

LXVII. And be it flutter enacted, That at or before the flapping for exportation of any mumif.»£lureu or immsmufafluvcd tobacco, the exporter or exporters with two or more person or persons to be approved of by the collector or other chief officer of the port Horn which such tobacco shall be exported, of whom the mailer, or other person having the charge or command of the ship or vessel in which such tobacco is intended to be exported shall be'one, shall give security by bond to his Majesty, in a penalty after the rate of two shillings and six pence ' for every pound weight of fu- h tobacco, that such tobacco lb shipped, or any part thereof, shall not here-landed, or btought on shore again in any port or place within this kingdom, or the ides of Man, Karo, or Ferro; and such security shall be difehatged in the manner herein mentioned, that is to say, for such of the said goods as (halt be entered for, or landed in the kingdom of Great Britain, the ilknnlsof Guernsey, Jerky, Aideiney, or Sark*, the condition of the bond shall be, to bring in a certificate in discharge thereof, within six months from the date of the burnt, ami within eighteen months for such of the goods as shall be entered for, and landed in any of his Majesty's colonics, plantations, islands, or ’erritories in America or Africa, which said certificate for such tobacco as aforesaid, as shall be landed in any port or place, where any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs shall be relideut, shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's culloms there; and shall spec-fy that such tobacco was there landed, and shall testify the landing thereof, and for such tobacco as nforefatd as shall be entered for the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Aldirncy, or Sark, such ceiiificate shall be signed by the piopcr officer or officers of his Majestys culloms, if any such officer or officers shall he rctiding in laid ilium's respectively, and in case there shall be no such officers refiJeut there, then by the governor of the said islands, or the deputy rnor thereof reipoilndy; ami for such tobacco as aforesaid, as shall be entered lm any foreign port or place, to bring a certificate, if such port or place shall be in Kurope, within fix mouths, and if in Africa or America, within eighteen r.‘ »n hs, under the hand and leal of Jus Majesty's consul, if any such be there, and il not, under the hand and leal of the chief magiiirntc of i'uch port or pirce, fii.d miller the hands and ftals of two known merchants, then being at such pert ov p'a-vt, that such tobacco was there landed, or furh bond or bonds shall be dhJi.ug.d upon proof in any of the said cases rdpcctivdy, that such gcuJ? \veie taken by enemies, or perished in the sea, upon proof bring made thereof to *ho ihtisf.u'.lion of the commissioners of the rdenue.

IaVJIL Aid

The thirtieth 'Year of George III. 1.25

1,

XVIII. And b: It further enacted, That f.-im and after the twenty-fifth day of A.D. March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, ihertr Ih.'Il be ahowed at the scale, I/tJO. eight pounds for draft tno;! etery hog mend, call:, died, or c.ite, that hull contain Chap. I 2. four hundred and twenty live pound.? weight of i.dvcco, or nun-; and two pounds '— for every such hog(he;n*, c..lk, chcil, rr e.:f: for auich ,ilJowar.ee Hull

not be deduced on expcr.a*io:i.

IjXIX. And be it further eu. cl.v, Tint finm md inter the twtiitv-f.uh day ol March, one thousand le\ er. m n.n wl aini nircry, tin1 adh ca.nr or oi! er proper oihccr of the revenue, in the on:r -»f :'uhlir, am! dlo at cuty port or place ill tllis king" dom, where any tobacco fi: til be :r.p< :tul alter the said twenty-fifth day of March, one rhouf.md fcvui hundrv«i and ninciv, :h.*:l once in every calendar month, transmit or deliver to the personsi appointed, or n ho ih.Jl be appointed by the chief commtlfiouers of the revenue, to tin cilice of regificr-gcnenl of tobacco, one of the land-waiters boob, hi which his account d ail bo nttcred and kept of the landing and discharging of tobacco imported, at such port or place, ami also true and exact copies of every enrrv of tobacco for expottadott, and of the several ami respective endoifemenis relating tiv.r to, which shall lie delivered to the feareher or proper officer or ollicers at fuc!i prr or place where any such tobacco shall be entered and shipped for exportation to foreign parts; and also true ami exact cop:o> of every account, which, purfu.uit to the dire'dions herein given, shall be delivered to any officer of the revenue, of such port or place, of tobacco intended to be manufactured by the importer or importers thereof, on his, her, or their Own account, cr which flui'i be delivered by the importer or importer:. thereof, to any oihtT person or persons v.Ir*tsoever, to be inanufudured for the account of such-importer or importers, and also true amli-cuT copies of every account, which, pursuant to the directions herein given, Iliad be dclhered to any oilierr or oilicers at such port or plrce, by the importer or importers of tobacco, sold by them ro any other person or persons wluitlb.ver, v.i.ich f.iid fc^ r. l ,»uountt. are to be hep: by the said register-goiieral of tobacco, for the time Iv-r.g, who is to keep proper books, and enter therein the said several r.nd resp.:cl:\e at can:?, so rrnnsmitted or delivered to him, which several entries lh..l! he made, ami an account thereof kept in such manner and form, that the marks and numbers on every Jiogf-head, calk, chest, case, or other package of tobacco, with the weights thereof, lit importation, may be compared and checked uith the marks, numbers, ami weights, at the exportation thereof, or when fold or delivered for home consumption, or to be manufnflured, to the intent that the identity of all such tobacco imported, fold, or delivered to be m mufnetured, maybe thereby known and ascertained; and when any thing shall app-.ar 10 him to be done or practised at any port or place, contrary to the directi-ms ami intentions of this act, he shall immediately deliver an account thereof in writing, to the commissioners of the revenue for the time being; and if any collector, or other chief ollicer of the revenue, at any pair or place of this kingdom, find! mglecl or refuse to transmit and deliver one of the hmd-v Tiers books, ;,ml a true copy of every entry of tobwco for exportation, and of in-, fcviral endorsemonts relating thereto, herein mentioned and described, and atfo true copies of all the accounts herein mentioned and defenbrd, within the tin.es herein rtfpcclivclv limited and appointed for that purpose, he and they so negle^iinr <:t refuting, shall forfeit listy pounds for every such nvglc 't or refufah

LXX. And to the end tli<*t the diker; of the revenue maybe the belter tn.i-b’ed to keep a regular ib-ck acc- u’t on :h~ venders of tobacco, be It cnatled,

1 nat every importer, and cv.-rv o-- p.H.^-urer of, or dealer in tobacco, and every other person, who shall on the fvcmy-fiV! d..y of M neb, one thousami seven hundred and ninety, have or hold in hit, l.~v, or ih.ir uilody, power, cr possession,

Yci. XV. I i whether

126

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A. n.

I

Chap* i "!

whether tn the king’s stores, or in any other place, or in the custoily of any >’7 p.-rf* yersons, for hip, her, or their own life, any lolu.cco exceeding n tj*: «:t*;y li.- pounds weight, either of his, her, or their property, or the proper'." of ,.;.v other pci son <-r persons, lltdi, on the said d.iy, or within ten days aft'.r, give ..ml deliver so tlm cmhc-Ur of the dil\ri£l, where such person or p*. r-li.ii- ii t!i , fide, a true ..utun: in v.i.iirg, of his, her, or their name or names reip k live,./id places, of -anode, and of t!:c true quantity of tobacco which such perl )!; or pnlbils lluli 'efp'.d/vely, at the time of giving in fuJi account, have in ids, ;i-r, >»r r eir custody, power, or poUrlhon, or in live pctielltoii of any other perivin ».r ns, for his, her, or their ulV, which ace mnt ilia.ll also contain toe oer.Vid ru.k> of every l.'-glltvad, cdk, chest, or other package, in which inch toh.eeo shall be contained j and illbeichot the fever.il ami respective marks and immhc.i f;t upon each such !;ogfn.-\ d, calk, elicit, or other package respectiuly, and distit.guiliiin;'the tjuami-v cun itntd incai’i oi them, and also the quantities in c.de, or lOole, and the ipi.cuit y of ll.sk, and number of rolls, to wit, fnutr-rolis, cat'e, or pig-tail iVp.irati.iv, with the exact weight thereof, and the particular warc-hinifes, ‘.for. -houhs, tv. ;t\., or otimr places, where the same are then lodged and lie, which account tiui! he dgnci. by Inch importer or manufacturer of tobacco, or other pm ton as afnrdYid, or one of his, her, or their known servants or agents, with their fever.il and ldpetlive iv.-m s :ni places of abode, and Hull in like manner, within t<*u days alter ev;rv r-.vct.tv-foiirth d^y of June, twtuty-mmh day of »S\-p: mu t, twenty-fifth day of Hca inber, ami twnuy-fifth day of March, in t*v. ry year, give and deliver to lueli colucW as aforesaid, a like account, as U hen in before rcqutretl, in which acco.nit shall be contained, all such tlock of tobacco a% alfir:f.ud, as he, she, or they rc-sperlively had on the said respective days*, and in case any such imp.tut or muiui. lurer of tobacco, or other person as niorii'.’id, dull nvghct to give ;nv of the said accounts herein before directed, at the resp.edu e time-, and i:i such manner and form, as herein directed and required, such person shall for every such omission or tieglecl, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and in c.de any sue'i ;:jcou’U Hull appear to he false or fraudulent, all inch tobacco, (t.nks, fnuif, roll, or other kind or species thereof, of which no ac-con t, or of which a f.iifo or fraudulent shall be given, and the calks, clicfU, dies, or other packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may ho seized by any oficor or officers of his M.ijofty’s revenue, and the person or pev-ibm so ofiending, shall forfeit tri.be the value thereof*, and every such collector, or other chi« f ollicev shall, upon receipt of fuel; accounts, give a certificate to the perl.m or jvrious giving in the fame, of the quantity of tobacco, by such person or parlous so returned to such collector, or other chief officer, to be in his, her, or their custody, power, or po'.Vc lion, which certificate find! be produced by such person or p*rior.s to the oilier: who shall take an account of his, her, or their flock; and if such officer or o;iic rs, upon examining the find Hock, shall tinii the fame 10 - xcivd the (jiiamhy mentioned in such certificate, Inch exceeding shall be f. r: and nny be seized and t iken hv any Inch ollicer, out of any tobacco then

in the p.nVcnicm of the p.-vin-i ov paliuis so.fciting the fame; and every such col-lr*‘or, or other chief ollicer, liuli also upon the receipt of such accounts, forth* ukheaule the several :tm( reljudive goods contained in such accounts, to be examined th.-rehy, and th ill then enter such accounts in a boos, to be kept by every such for that purpose; and then every such collector shall forthwith trans-

mit fu-hac-nuts to the r.-iihl *r-gi*:i:ril of tobacco for the time being; and in calc ;u*y c.dlolo-, mother chi-f ..:i.cr :\\ neglect or omit totr.ii.imit fuchacccunrs

to t!>- ;cu.r.d ft r *./- 'ire l-cing, within ten days after he (liali have u.\:v .1 u a ! such 1-t cv c: I.officer shall, for every such neglect or

LKXf. Provided

The thirtieth Year of George, III. 127

LXXI. Provided always, That upon every computation to lie made between un- A.D. m.umfaclurcd /eaf-tob.iceo, acid numifacWed ro»J-fol>.ice of any kind, a reason- j j<JQ. aide allowance, not exceeding twenty poum's weight for every one hundred pounds Chap. 12. weight, be made for the encre ue of weight in manufactur.*. v—-—

LXXII. And be it further en.ifted, Thar if any mark or number whatsoever which was burned in, or set upon any hngfliend, caik, c.ife, or other package whatsoever of tobacco before the importation thereof into this kingdom, or which was fumed in, or set thereon hi this kingdom upon the importation or landing thereof, or which was burned in, or set thereon in this kingdom before the exportation thereof from hence, shall he er.'fed, burned out, cutout, blotted out, or in any wise altered, changed, or defaced; or if fitch ranks *«r numbers let upon any billhead, calk, cited, case, or other package whuuuver, flvl!, by turning the Iv.u! or hea Is of any fecit hogibend, caik, died, c :li», or other package inwards, or by any other means m* c vr'ealed from view, then, and in any such cases, every such hogshead, ilk, chi 11, case, or other package whatlbcvor of tobacco, the mark whereof dull be so altered or defaced, cr concealed as aforesaid, shall be seized and

iurfrited.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thous.md fevcii hundred and ninety, no tobaceo find) be louden or laid on baard any ship or vessel whatsoever, in any port or place in this kingdom, to the intent to be exported, except in hogsheads, calks, elicits, or wooden cases, each containing (if such tobacco llrdl be unmanufactured) four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, or more, and if manufactured, two bundled pounds or more, under the penalty of the forfeiture of such tobacco, ami of the hogshead, calk, chelt, or case containing the lanv\

LXXIV. Provided always, Thar nothing herein contained, shall extend to calks, or other packages containing funnies of tobacco, not exceeding ten pounds weight, flopped and exported at the suns time and place with the Hogsheads, calks, elicits, or wooden cases out of which such fiimples were taken.

IAXV. And be it further enacted, That no drawback shall be allowed for any unmanufactured tobaceo which is or Hull be mixed with rubhiih or dirt, or any other nutter or thing whatsoever, nor for any manufactured tobacco winch is or shall be mixed with any ingredients not necessary or usual in the manufacturing thereof, and every person who shall enter or ship for exportation, or cause to be entered or shipped for exportation any tobacco unmanufactured, mixed with rubbish, or with dirt, or with any other matter or thing whatsoever, or any manufactured tobacco otherwise mixed than as aforesaid, or who shall enter any thing for exportation ns tobacco, which upon examination by the proper o/Keer, shall appear not to be cobicco, contrary to the true meaning hereof, find) forfeit all such goods, and the hoglhcads, calks, ciicfts, cases, and other packages in which they are contained, and also the sum of one hundred pounds for every hogshead, calk, clieft, case, or other package thereof.

TXXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day

of March, one thous.'tid seven hundred and ninety, no tobacco either manufactured or unmanufactured, shall be entered or shipped for exportation in any ship or vessel whatsoever, unless such ship or vtfiel shall be of the burthen of one hundred and fifty tons, or upwards; and if any officer of the revenue dull apprehend, or have reafun to hdieve, that any such ship or vdlbl bound to parts beyond the fcas, having tobaceo on board, shall no: ba of the burthen of one hundred ami fifty ton, or upwards, it shall and may be l.r.v:i! for such odictr or u/lieers to flop a:id detain such ship or vessel, and the whole cargo laden on board such ship or valle!, until he or they shall cause such ship or vend to he admeasured 5 and if it fiiail appear by such Admeasurement, that any In h P.'p or v.lill is not ol thebur-J i 2 then

I a 8 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

then of one hundred and fifty tons, such ship or vefill, with all hrr guns, tack!?,

I "(JO. furniture, ammunition, ami apparel, together with such tobacco as Uni) lie laden Chap, t . 0,1 board such flfip or vefill, shall be forfeited; and if it Hull app ;ar ,iy fuc!i ;ul-measurtment, that any such ship or vessel is of the burthen of one hundred and fifty tons, or upwams, am! under the burthen of one hundred and e’g'iiy toni?, the odicer or ollicers so [topping and detaining such !i;ip or vefill as atorefiid, Uadi not !v. subject or liable to my action for damages occasioned by fuel: Stoppage and d,t< mi..n.

I. \.vVII- And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of iMar h, one thrm'.uni fevci luimircd and ninety, where any ship or vtliel w'l.i'foev :r under tile burrhen of one bundled ami fifty fons, hating on board one bun !r d pounds of tobacco, or fifty pounds weight of fnufi, Hull be found at anchor, or wit'dn the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or will in four leagues of the lliore thare-'f, <*r ill dl ha discovered so to have been, unless in c..ie of unavoidable nec-.dfity and fii'trdh, of which necessity and ddlrefs the r.ulUr, purler, or other person h..vine or t iking the charge or command of such ship or veil'd, Hull give notice io, and make pioof belore the collector, or other chief officer of the revenue, resident in the ncarelt port to the pi.ice where such ship or veil'd shall arrive; evc.v such lldp or veil'd, wirit all her guns, tackle, lurniture, ammunition, ami apparel, and also all tobacco and fmiffas shall be found oil board such ship or veil'd dull be forfeited and coufd'cated, together with the packages cont lining the same.

hX.\VII(. And be it enacted, That if any flop orveficl shall Ik: found with tobacco on board such ship or veil'd, within the limbs of at.y port of this kingdom, or within four leagues el the cuuil thereof, and it shall . j.pear that fcu’k full have been kronen, or that any toluc'.o dull have been taken or delivered out of such ship orveficl after such flop or vdlel Dull have left the port or place where such ship or v. del had taken mi h >ivd such tobacco, in every such case, it shall be deemed and t iken, that such tobacco which shall have been so taken or delivered out of such ship or wile!, was landed in this kingdom without entry, or payment of the th.r.'.c due and p v-d> e for the fame, unless it shall appear that such tobacco had bren landed in some other country, and if in any part of his Majesty's dominions, that lYeii t l> cco i.u! been duly entered, and that the duties payable ot) the fame had la ..*» paid.

Lav1X. And to prevent the clamlcstine importation of tobacco, be it enacted, That if any t.’b.icro shall be cl.mdeHinely imported, or secretly brought into this kingdom, without due entry and payment of the duties chargeable thereupon, the ihij>, \eilel, or boat, in which the same shall be so claudeftaneiv imported, with* al! the gnus, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel thereunto belonging, and :.|so all such tobacco shall be forfeited, ;.r.d shall and may be fci?ed by any officer t.f the r-venue; and in rale inch vefill or goods cannot be seized, the mutter or other n< i u*i having ch <rge of ussrl in which such goods shall have been so ini-p-ifed or brought, shall forfeit the value thereof.

J. W* 1‘rovided alv.'av.;, an.! be it enacted, That in case where any forfeitures arc cr* ik .1 in respect of, or dr »whacks disallowed for any tobacco in packages under fiv hundred pjunds w/igl.t, or in packages under four hundred and fifty po.t'i-’-> wei-hr, by any law her.:.Tore made in this kingdom, no forfeitures shall be inrun, r «m .* -count of my il.»\ package not being of the weight of five hundred mnn.U or io :r hundred ;md fi.':; pounds, or any drawback refused on exportation ;he).mi [' v-irdw. on t’V. account, prodded the fame IT rill contain four h..:i.!r.:d . nd rwcii \iwuu.':- vci;:-:; anything in any lave to the tontr..ry uot-

I-XXXI. And

The thirtieth Year of George III.

129

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and Angular the said duties, A.D. rates, and impositions hereby granted, shall be raised, answered, collected, and paid j-qo. unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, in like' v—-'’v'"—1 manner, (except as to bonding the fame) and the fame, and all penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act, shall and may be sued for, levied, recovered, and applied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed, in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling of the exctfet or new impo/l upon hit ALjfiy, his heirs and successors, according to the bock of rates therein inserted; as fully and effectually to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and re-enacted in this act, with the like remedy of appeal, to die party or parties aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act is provided.

LXXXII. And be be it further enacted, That if any person shall at any time or times be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him done or executed in pursuance of, or by virtue of this act, or of any matter or tiling in this act contained, such person shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That neither the six pence per pound, nor any other fee shall be payable to, or be deduded or received by the vice-treafu-rers, receiver or paymaster-general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, for their own use, for or on account of the iliuing or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for, or on account of the aids hereby granted to your Majesty, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this act, but that the same shall be received, and duly accounted for to your Majesty, your heirs and successors.

An Act for further continuing an Act, Entitled, An Act for Facilitating the Trade and Iniercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of America,

WHEREAS an act which passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for facilitating the trade and interccurfe between this kingdom and the unitedfates of America, was by subsequent acts continued to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and no longer: and whereas it is expedient that the said act ihouhl be further continued for a limited time: be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act, and all and every the clauses therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and no longer.

CHAP. XIII.

Kk

CHAI’.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D. 1790.

CHAP. XIV.

An Act for larenfitg Hawkers and Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, and other Pafcm.

OR the better ft’pporf of ymir Maj> fy's government, r.r.d towards defraying

the expenecs of the l.-.me in this kingdom: we the commons of Ireland, in pmliamiT.t r.flombled, h:.ve refulvcd to gunt unto your MajeOv the several rates and duties herein after mentioned: be i; therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, ty and with the advice and coufent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this nrifent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twer.ry-fifth day of March, one thousand fCYCft hundred and ninety, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, there shall be answered and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, by cv«vy hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person going from town to town, or from place to place, or fair?, marts or markets, and travelling either on foot, or with horse or horses, afs or afies, mule or mules, or other bead or beasts of burthen, cr oiiionvife, in this ting-dom, (except ns herein after mentioned) or orkenvife carrying to fell, cr cxnofing to fnle any goods, wares, or merchandizes whatsoever (except ns herein after mentioned) ami nil travelling tinkers, smiths, and callers of iron and metal, ail persons hawking about tea, or coffee for f.tlc, a duty of forty shillings; and that every fitch person so travelling with any horse or horses, afs or act'os, mule or mulcts, or other bead or beads, beating or drawing burthen, during the time aforesaid, ifufl pay the sum of forty shillings for every horse, afs, muic, or other bead, bearing or drawing burthen, he or fire shall so travel with, or cause to be used for the purpose of carrying or drawing his, her, or their goods, wares, or merchandizes, over and above the said first mentioned duty of forty shillings *, which said rates and duties Hull be collected by such person and persons, and in such maimer, ami by such ways and means, as the duty payable for liccnles to keep ale-houses, is raised and collected by virtue of an act made in this kingdom in the thirty-third year of the reign of King George the second, entitled, An aclfur regulating the cotleclion of his Alajcflfs revenue, andfer preventing of frauds fhereint and for repealing an act made the last fejftcn cf parliament, entitled, An act for continuing and amending several laws heretofore made relating to his Majestft revenuet and for the more effectual preventing of frauds in his Majestys ctiflomsaml excise, and the fevered c£:s and statutes which are mentioned in the said act and continued thereby, as fully to all intents and purposes as if the provillons in the said act for that purpose were particularly mentioned and expressed, and enacted again in this act.

11. And be it enacted, That every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, and other person or persons as aforesaid, shall before he or (lie fir,ill hawk, trade, or travel as aforesaid, deliver, or cause to be delivered to the collector of cxcilc of the didrift where he or ihc shall reside or dwell, a note in writing under his or her hand, or under the hand of some person by him or her authorized in that behalf, how or iu what maimer he or she intends to hawk, travel, and trade, whethtr on foot, or with one or more horse or horses, afs or asses, mule or mules, or other bead or beads, bearing or drawing burthen, and thereupon a license or licenses

shall

The thirtieth Year of George III. 131

shall be granted by such collector unto him cr her fcr Ids cr her i*j h.v.vh A.D. travelling, and trailing, for which he cr flic shall thereupon pay or caafe to he paid i "QO. fcr fuel* license unto fitch collector the duty Iicr*.i:i before diredird to be payable ('hap. \ 4. for the fame, which litMiifc shall be in force until the twenty-fifth day of M..rch, u-—v——> one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, raid no longer.

III. And be it enivfled, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the said collectors in the fever.il districts in this kingdom respectively, and they are hereby rvfpetlively directed, appointed and required, upon the receipt of the duty herein before mentioned, to grant one ov move license or licenses, under their respective hands, to e\ery hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other person ptying such duty as aforesaid, according to t!ie terms and directions of ihl» ac!, and the said collectors are hen. by required to insert in such licenses as they Hull so issue or grant, the ages, ph.ces of abode, and particular description or the person to whom such license shall be granted pursuant to this act, and to number each license, and keep particular entries of such defenptlons and licenses, for each of which liceufls there shall he taken by such collectors for their own tin, t!:e sum of one shilling and no more, unlifs such liawker, pcular, or petty chapman, shall travel with horse, af$, mule, or other be;.ft bearing or drawing burthen, and in that case there shall be paid to such collectors for their own nfe, for each of such licenses fcr herfes, afies, mules, or other bcafls of burthen, the sum of two shillings and no more, over and above the duties aferefitid, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the said collectors shall keep separate and distinct accounts of the duties hereby granted, and pay the money arising therefrom into the receipt of your Majesty's exchequer, in like manner other monies received by them for the use of your Majesty.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said collectors shall be accountab’e to your Majesty for the duties hereby granted, and shall be subject to the like penalties for not rendering a true account thereof, and net paying the fame in manner before mentioned, as they are and (land liable unto for not rendering a true account of other monies received by them for the use cf your Majesty.

V. And be it enacted, That if any person or personss whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to be forged or counterfeited, any license for any of the purposes aforesaid, or travel with such forged or counterfeit license, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, such petfen shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, one moiety thereof to your Majesty, and the ether moiety to him who shall prosecute or sue fcr the fame, to be recovered by action of deb’, bill, plaint, or information, in any of your MajelVs courts of record at Dublin, in which no essoign, protection, or wager of law, ov more than one imparlance shall be allowed, and that such person 0 all be subject to such other pains and penalties as may be infixed on persons for forgery.

VI. And be it enacted, That all goods, wares, and merchandizes, which shall be carried, fold, or expofvd to fide by any hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, or other trading person, in respect whereof, cr of any of them, he or she shall he subject to the duty aforesaid, and fcr lUiirg cf which" he, fi:e, or tlu-y shall not have his, her, or their license for so trading as aforesaid, ready to picduic, or shall not upon demand cf any officer of your Majellj’s n venue produce hu h license, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized Lv any such efriar; and that if any such hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other prricii, from and aiVr the said twenty-fifth day of March, one tloufitud seven hundred and ninety, ho found trading as aforesaid, cr felling or exposing to fide, or carrying to fell, r.rv goods, wares, or merchandizes; without, or contrary to, or not warranted by :uth license or licenses, such person shall for every Inch offence forfeit the sum of fi\e pounds; and that if ar.v such person so tradin’, upon demand cade hv any re-

K !: 2 verm-

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

venue nikcr, or by any justice of :l;j peace, mayor, constable, or other officer l~f|0. '»f the peace of any county, city, town corporate, or borough, where he or flic

Chap. 14. Hull io trade, shall net produce and stew immediately unto such person or per-W-'V—fons as afbrcfiid lo demanding the fame, his or her license or licenses for so

trading, that then every futli person, upon conviction thereof upon oath before

any of his Majesty's jnflices rr the peace for the county of place in which such offence shall he committed, shall forfeit the sum of forty /hillings, to be levied J>y distress and safe of the offenders goods by warrant under the hand and seal

of any such justice Gf the peace, the same to be paid to the informer, and for

non-payment thereof, such offender shall be committed to the common gaol, or heuse of correction, for any time not exceeding three weeks, nor less than ten days.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any constable shall upon demand, refuse, or upon his own view, neglect to be aiding and assisting in the execution of this act, every such constable being thereof convicted by oath of one or more credible witness or wimclfes, before any justice of the peace for the county, or place where such offence Hull be committed, shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of forty shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and sale cf such justice, the same to be paid to the person who shall prosecute for the fame, and ill default of payment thereof, such offender shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three weeks, nor less than ten days.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this aCi, or any thing herein contained, (halt net extend to prohibit any person or persons, other than and except travelling tinkers, who are workers, manufacturers, or makers of any goods or wares within this kingdom, or lus or their wife or wives, apprentice or apprentices, from carrying abroad, cxpoling to sale, and felling any of the said goods cr wares made or manufactured by him or them, his or their wile or wives, apprentice or apprentices, journeyman or journeymen, and no other, in any public fairs, markets, or elsewhere, or any cooper, glazier, plumber, or liarness-maker, from going about in order to exercise their proper trades, or from carrying with him or them necessary materials for exeroifing the fame, so as such person or persons shall not at the same time carry any other thing for sale, nor to subject any person or persons who shall carry raw, manufactured or unmanufactured wool, woollen or worded goods, from one part of the kingdom to another, cr expose the same to sale in any fair, market, or other place in this kingdom, to any of the duties or penalties herein before mentioned, so as such person or persons shall not at the same time carry or expose to sale any other goods, wares, or merchandizes, except the last mentioned goods respectively, tior to prohibit cr restrain any person or persons from felling or exposing to sale in any place or places whatsoever, any flax, tow, hemp, flaxen yarn, hempen yarn, tteken, plain, striped, chequered, painted, or stained linens, buckrams, canvas, eottons, or cotton and linen mixed, so as such wool, woollen or worded goods, flax, tow, hemp, yarn, tickens, linen, buckram, canvas, cottons, or cotton and Hm.n mixed, be of the growth or manufacture of Ireland, and that such person or persons shall not at the same time carry or expose to sale any other goods, wares, or merchandizes, except such flax, tow, hemp, yarn, tickens, linens, buckrams, canvas, cottons, or cotton and linen mixed as aforesaid.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to subject any person or persons who shall carry any pots or griddles made of enft iron or metal from one part of the kingdom to another, to expose the same to sale in any fair, market, or other place in this kingdom, to the payment of any greater duty than the sum of forty shillings in the whole,

though

The thirtieth Year of George III.

though such person or persons Hull or may travel with one or more horse or horses, or other beast or beasts drawing or bearing burthen, so as fuA» person or persons flfnll not at the same time carry or expose to f.tle, any other goods, wares, or merchandizes, except the said pots and griddles made of cast iron Of metal.

X. Provided also, and be it oracled, That tins a*7!, or any thing herein con-lamed Hull not extend, or be coni! tiled to extend to give any power for Ikcnfing any hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, to sell or expose to sale any wares or mcrthandi/-es in any city, borough, town corporate, or market town within this re..hn, any otlurwile than he <»r the might have done before the making of this a;», any tiling herein Contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it enacted, That if any quefliem shall strife whether any goods, wares, or nurchandues, seized by v'uuie of this act, r.re of the gioivth or nia-mifacture of this kingdom, the proof Out they were of such growth or manufacture, shall lie on the owner or claimcr of such goods, and not on the officer who shall feixe the same.

XII. And be it enacted, That all persons who shall privately, or otherwise, convey and curry goods, wares, and merchandizes, in respect whereof they shall be chargeable with the duty aforesaid, and sell or expose the fame in flops, rooms, varthouses, or other places hired for that purpose, in cities, towns, and places where they are not usually resident, and all persons who carry and convey such goods, wares, and merchandizes, to public flrects, and places in cities, towns corpcratr, and other places in this kingdom where they respectively reside, but not 7Mo:utr.g to their dwelling l.oufcs or other apartments, and fell anti expoftf the same to sale upon ftafls, Hands, flieds, booths, bulks, or other places without liceufe, ami all persons under the denomination of leather fellers or leather cut-» ters, who hawk about from town to town, or sell or expose to sale in cities or towns corporate, and in f.iirs, markets, or other places, large or parcels of leather in booths, flails, Handings, or otherwise, and all persons who shall within this kingdom, except in the city of Dublin, or within five miles thereof, hawk about old clothes, or* sell or expose to sale old clothes, in any Hall, filed, booth, Ihop, or other place, shall be deemed hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and trading persons within the meaning of this act, and shall pay such duty, and take out such license as -aforesaid, and all and every such person and persons as aforesaid, who shall sell or expose to sale, or deal in as nforefuid, such goods, wan s or merchandizes as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be respectively hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, within the meaning of this act to al! intents and purpost*, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures by the fame inflicted upon hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, ami others trading without license, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it cnnftml, That from and after the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, inclusive, and no lunger, every hawker, pedlar, and petty chapman for every person who shall be employed to carry, whether fervent or other person in his or her company, cr otheruife, any boxes, bundles, or parcels of goods, wares, cr merchandizes, separntc or di.iinft, for the purpose of fciling or trading with the fame, Audi t;kr out and p.iy for as afore-f.dd, a fcp-irate ami distinct foot-ltcenfe for every such jurfim; and ;dfo tlir.t every hawker, pedlar, and petty chnpman, for every her’*.*, afs, mule, or other dealt of burthen that he cr flic shall make use of, or di'vc in his or her own company, or otherwise, fin:)) take out ard p;:v for a ft)>irate r i distinct horse-hemfe, and Inch Uparate and diiimct person, whether fe: v,:;t cr c..i,r person employed or \ ol. XV, L ! curving

134 TXf thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

carrying such boxes, bundles, or parcels as aforesaid, and such hawkers, pedlars, *79®’ 51, U* chapmen who shall not take out a horse-Jicenrt for every hurrt or heart

Chap. I<J* burthen which he or she shall make use of or drive as aforesaid, l‘..d‘ !k* subject and liable to all ami every the penalties and forfeitures by this act iidhcled upon hawkers, pedlars, and petty ch.pm.n, and otUrs trading without licnnic; it bting the true intent and meaning of this a cl, that iVr one foot-license no more goods, wares, or merchandizes, lh. 1 by virtue of this at! be hawked about for sale as aforesaid, than one hum re<l weight, and for on.: horse-License, HO more good?, wares, or mucfiamlizes, shall by virtue of this act be carried about as afore-fai.! than eight i.undnd weight, any thing herein contained to the contrary not-wiilni.Hiding.

XIV. And be it enacted, Ti nt if any license to be obtained in pursuance of this act, rtiail be lent to any periun, or uled by any pufon, other than the person to whom thcfamelhr.il bt granted, such iicuife from thenceforth shall be void and of no eihcl, and all good.-, wares, ami merchandizes found in the podc/lion of the person tiling the f ine, !iu:i he forfeited.

XV. And be ir ciMvled, '1 cat if any person or persons Avail he sued, moldled, or troubled, for putting into i\u. uiiun any of the provisions contained in this act, or for doing any act, matter, or thing purfu.mt tlicreto, such person and persons shall and may pleat! the guvral «ff.;c, ami give the spect.il matter in evidence, and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs si..:! be non-fnited, cr judgment be given against hint, her, or them, upon a demurrer or otherwise, or a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or a dish'.ifc upon a civil bill, such defendant or dtfeiidair..-) shall have his, her, or t* eir ticelc colts, to be recovered in such manner as by J.sW corts given to defendants may be recovered in other cases.

XVI. And be u fun! or enacted, That all ami every the fines, penalties, and forfeituus inilidtu by tl is !, other than inch as by this act are otherwise appointed, shall am! may be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied in manner ami form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are prncribul, direcUd, and appointed, in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, tmitLJ, /hi .;.v /ir .‘hejit.'/hf of the exttje end new impsjl upon his Mijfty, his heirs and success.tsc, orditt" to the kok of rates thuein iitfcrled; or by any ether i.tw or laws relative to his Majesty's revenue, as fully and efllclually to all intents, courtruclioiis, and purports, as if the fame were particularly me; tinned, cnpressed, and re-enacted in this act, with the like remedy of .-ppcal to and for the party cr parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggiijvul or injured, as in and by tile f;id act of excise is provided.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That neither the six pence p-r pound, nor any other fee, shall be payable to, or be deducted by the vice-trcufurer or vice-trca-furers, receiver or paymaster-general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom for their own use, for or on account of the bluing or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for, or on account of the aids hereby granted to your Majesty, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this act, but that the same shall be recc.vcd and duly accounted for to your Majesty, your heirs and successors.

C H A 1\

The thirtieth Year of George III.

CHAP. XV.

*35

A.D. 1790.

An Act for grunting to His Maje/ij\ His Heirs and Site-cessors, cert An Duties and Dates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom.

E'\ 0 R the better funprvt of your Majesty's government, anil the convenience of trade: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present p.irlLir.e.u assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the t‘.veu:v-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until the t'.venrv-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one tnelufive, and no longer, it Hull and m«y be lawful to and for the poflmaller-generul of this kh'gdom for the time being, and his deputy and deputies, fervams and agents, to and for the tile of h.U Majesty, his heirs and successors, to demand, have, receive, and take for the portage and conveyance of all letters and packets which lie shall convey, eatry, 01 fend poll, to and from places within this kingdom, according to the ilver.il rates ami Aims of money h-r;*in after mentioned, that is to say, for tl *t p *tt and conveyance of every Angle letter or niece of paper, from the office its kingdom, where such letter or piece of paper shall be put

ill, to any diila.*..: vitlmi the fame not exceeding fifteen miies Irish mc.ri'ure, the sum of two r.euce \ and to any distr.ncc exceeding fifteen miles and not exceeding thirty nihes, the him of three pence; and to any dill.mce exceeding thirty miies, the sum of four pence*, and for the port or cnrvy.iiiee of every double letter, double the said Anns respectively} and for every treble letter, treble the said turns respectively; and for every ounce weight, four times the said sums re-spe:ivdy; and so in proportion for any greater weight than an ounce, reckoning every quarter of an ounce equal to a Angle letter; and that ail letters and packets directed from any place in this kingdom to any part or parts in Great Britain, or beyond the seas, or received in this kingdom from Great Britain, or any part or parts beyond the fens, lb ill be c! urged and pay fur their portage and conveyance within this kingdom, from or to Dublin, Waterford, or Donaghadee, or any other port where packet boats for the convey nice of letters to and from this kingdom, are or may be established, as they shall respo<flive!y be fiiipped from or landed in any of the said places, according to tile rates a fore Add \ and tli.it every letter or packet passing through the general pod-office in the city of Dublin, from any place within this kingdom nut Jess dillant than four miles from the general post-oflice in the said city, to any place within tlx said kingdom not less dillant than four miles from the general poll-office in the said city, shall be charged and pay according to the dillances herein before mentioned to Dublin, and be further charged and pay according to the fame rates from Dublin; and that for every letter or packet directed on board, or brought or sent from on hoard ary Chip or veil’d riding or Hopping in any port within tills kingdom, there Hid! be charged and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, over ant. above the rites aforesaid, the sum of one penny.

II. And be it further enacted, That !*. Ih.Jl and nv.:v he lawful to and for his Majesty's postmafur-general of this kingdom, and ).!* deputies, end he and I. 1 2 they

136 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A* D. they are hereby required to demand and receive for the porr and conveyance of all 1790. letters a«u! p ickets for Ireland from Great Britain, or foreign parts, m addi-

Chap. I C. l'on to the r«.tes of portage her- by reserved, such further rates of poflage as now are, or h-Tcaster shall be charged for the conveyance of such letters and packets by any act or acts now nude, or In r asur to be made by the parliament of Great Britain; am! that his Majesty's poflmafl.er-gener.il of this kingdom dial), and he is heiehy authori'/ed and required to account for and pay the same quarterly to the revenue «»f the poll-office of Great Britain; and that there shall be paid to his Mu-jrfty, hb re;rs ami fuccifTers, for the delivery of every Britishi or foreign printed newfpiper, rid for every printed vote or proceeding in parliament, arriving ai the genml post-ollice in Dublin, Waterford, or Donaghadee, or any other port, where lutli packet boats as nfnriiuid :.rc, cr shall beeftaklished from Great Britain, without covers, or in covers open at the tides, the sum of one penny, over and above the poflage which may he ilur/ed thereon, and accounted fot to Great Britain, ami iu like manner there shall he paid to ids Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the port and conveyance through this kingdom, of every printed newspaper directed from any part of Ireland to any put of Great Britain, without covers, or in covers open at the (ides, the sum of one penny, and no more, which sum of one penny shall he paid on the delivery of e\*ry such newspaper at the post office from whence it is dispatched in this kingdom.

III. And be it enacted, Th;.t it shall and may be lawful to ami for the postmaster-gcreral for the time being, and his deputies, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until the twenty-fifth dav of March, one thousand seven hundred ami ninety-one inclitfive, and no longer, to demand, have, receive and take for the portage and conveyance of all letters and packets conveyed by the penny pi il, according to the fever.il rates herein after mentioned *, that is to say, that for the port and conveyance of any letter or packet, not being mote than four ounces iu weight, from and to any place within the limits of the said city of Dublin, as the said limits are now described and ascertained by a fiirvcy thereof, made on the tenth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-thr-v?, by T) onus Mathews, sworn surveyor of the said city of Dublin, there Hull be paid at the time of putting such letter or packet into the penny pnit-ollice, the sum of one penny; and for die port and conveyance of every letter or packet not exceeding the like weight, from or io any place beyend the said limits so ascertained as aforesaid, from or to any place within the circuit of the penny post office, there Hull be paid at the time of putting in such letter or packet, the sum of one penny, and a further sum of one penny on the delivery thereof; and that for every letter or picket of any weight which shall be sent to, or delivered from the gcmr.il p-nny poil-office by the penny poll, from or to any place not being within the said limits as before ascertained, there (Lai! be oaid the sum of one penny over and above, and excluuve of the fever.il rates chargeable thereon.

IV. And be it enacted, That every bill of exchange, merchant’s accounts, invoice, or bill of lading, urir, precefs, cr proceeding at law, written upon the fame fluetor piece ot paper with a fitter, ami every letter to or from several or distinct persons, written upon the ibnie sheet or piece of paper, shall be rated, taxed, and paid for as so many several or distinct letters, according to rates efta* blished by this act, or hereafter to be cfub-iflied by* any act to be puffed in this kingdom relative to the portage of iettos within the lame.

V. And whereas patterns of doth, Hik, I tuff, and small lam pi:«of other forts of goods, are frequently encirfd in a tin tie letter cr piece of paper, ami lem by the poll: U: :t e.laded, That for every ir g:e letter or co\er cnJorfed on the outside

" puuernts,"

The thirtieth Year of George III.

I( patterns," containing one or more paper or pipers with patterns, or containing one or more pattern or patterns of cloth, silk, or Huff, or one or more temple or temples of any other fort of good.', and containing no other writing, matter, or thing, save only what appertains to such patterns or temples, if the fame together do not exceed one ounce weight, the rates pivabh? for a double later by this or by any a£lto be parted in this kingdom, rJative to the portage of letters within the same, shall be paid, and r.o more.

VI. And be it enacted, That the port-niatter general for the time being, shall cause an account to be kept of all monies arising to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by virtue of this act

VII. And be it enacted, That the net revenue and monies arising by the rates and duties hereby granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, after paying all charges, out-goings, riilburfements, expences and telarivs necesiaiy for the rcvcipr and management of the fame; and ail expences attending the said office, and the due execution of this act, shall be paid into his Majesty s exchequer in this kingdom, in such manner, and at such time and times as his Majesty, his heirs and fuccdiors, as the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, Hull direct and appoint.

Vlil. And be it enacted, That in case the poll matter-general, or any perl'on concerned in the execution of this act, shall neglect or refute to perform any matter or thing whatsoever according to the true intent and meaning of this act, or if they or any of them, or arty other ollicer employed by virtue of this act, shall embezzle, divert, or misapply any of the monies by them, or any of them, collected or received by virtue of this act, contrary to the true meaning thereof, then and in every such case every person so offending, shall forfeit his office, and be incapable

to fare his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any office or place of trust or profit, and shall be liable for every such offence to pay treble the sum so embezzled, diverted, or mlfapplied.

IX. And be it enacted, That neither the six pence per pound, nor any other fee, shall be payable to, or be deduced or received by the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver or paymaster-general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, to his or their use, for or on account of the iiluing or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for, or on account of the aids hereby granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this act, but that the fame shall be accounted for to his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

X. And be it emitted, Th;>t no letters or packets tent by the post to or from any place or places whatsoever, Hull be exempted from paying the duty of pottage according to the rates cttablithed by this att, other than and except such letters and packets as are herein after excepted, and in such manner, and under such restrictions as are herein after declared and enatted concerning the same; that is to say, all letters and packets not exceeding the weight of two ounces, and rot coming from any foreign place or parts beyond the teas, and tent from and to any place or places within this kingdom during the fitting of any fcifion of parliament, or within forty days before or forty days after any summons or prorogation of the fame, which shall be signed on the ourfidc thereof by any mcmbcT of cithtT of the two houses of parliament in this kingdom, and whereof the whole super* fcrlption shall be of the hand-writing of such member, and shall have enderfed thereon in the fame hand-writing, and on the same side with such superscription and signature, the month and the day of the month and year when the same shall be put into any post-oflice of this kingdom, to be forwarded by the post, the day and month to be in words at length; and flwJl a)fi> have endorted thereon in

s^S The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

fame hand-writing the name of the pod-town from which the fame is intend-I "QO. e'-l 10 sent.

M XI. Provided always, That no such letter or packet shall pass free of the duty

of portage, unless the member directing the same shall have actually been in the poll-town, or within the district or delivery of such poll-town where such letters or packets shall be put in, to be forwarded by poll on the day of the date subscribed on such letter or packet; and also except all letters and packets not exceeding the like weight, which shall during the fitting of any session of parliament, or within forty days before, or forty days after any summons or prorogation of the fame, be directed from any place in this kingdom, to any member of either house of the parliament of this kingdom, at the place where he shall actually be at the time of the delivery thereof, or at any of his usual places of rcfulence, or at the houfo of parliament of which he is a member; also all letters and packets from and to any place within this kingdom, directed to lus Majesty's lieutenant-general, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, his Majesty's principal fecrcrnry of (late for this kingdom, the chief secretary of such lieutenant general, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, the secretary for the provinces of Ulster and Munster, the under secretary and first clerk for the civil department in the said chief secretary’s office, the under secretary and first clerk for the military department of the office of such chief secretary, the secretary of the said general polt-oflice, the comptroller of the sorting-office in the said general port-office, and the surveyors of the said poll-office, all for the time being; and all letters and packets sent by any of the said officers for the time being, from and to any place within this kingdom, which shall relate to the business of their respective offices, or their own private concerns only, and shall be signed, superferibed, and dated on theoutfide of such letters as aforesaid; and in case any such officer shall receive under cover to him, with intent to evade the payment of any of the rates granted by this act, any letters or packets intended for, or directed to other persons, every such officer is hereby authorized and required to fend the same to the general post-olhce in Dublin, in order that such letters and packets may be charged with the duty of portage payable thereon; it being the true intent and meaning of this act, that the privilege offending and receiving letters and packets by such officers, shall extend to such letters and packets only as relate to the business of their respective offices, or their own immediate and private concerns; and also, except letters and packets sent from the general port-office in Dublin, and which shall appear by an endorsement made thereupon by some person or persons (not exceeding two in number) authorized under the hand and seal of the post-marter-general of tins kingdom for the time being, to be on his Majesty's service, and shall be sealed with the seal of the said general port-office; which person or persons are hereby llriftly forbid so to endorse and seal any letter or packet whatsoever, unless such only concerning which they shall receive the special directions of their superior officer, or which they shall themselves know to concern the business of the post office; and if any person or persons authorized as aforesaid, under the hand and seal of the said port-master-gencrnl, shall knowingly make and subscribe such endorsement, or procure the same to be made on any letter or packet which does not really concern the business of the said general post-oflice, he shall for the first offence forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, and for the second offence shall be dismissed from his office.

XII. And be it enacted, That all covers containing muller affidavits from the out-pensioners of the royal hospital, and sent from any place within this kingdom, dtrested to the register of the said hospital, shall be delivered to the said register free of the duty of portage, provided that every such cover shall be un-seated, and shall contain no other enclosure save and except the said muller affidavits

The thirtieth Year of George III. 139

vtts; and that all panted receipts for the pay of such out-penfloners, mstte up A.D.

as a letter or cover of a letter, and directed with the words, To cut- 17(10.

penjmer of the royal t:spitalt being printed thereon, and foaled with the fen) of the Chttp. 15* paymaster of the royal hospital, Hull in like manner be delivered free of pottage to such out-pensioners within this kingdom, to whom they shall be respectively directed, provided such printed receipts shall not contain any encloftm*; and if any such receipt, cover, or mutter affidavit, shall be found to contain any enclosure whatsoever, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this at!, then at d in that case, every such receipt made up as a cover or letter, and every such cover or mutter affidavit find! be charged and liable to treble the duty of pottage, according to the rates cttablished by this act, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for certain persons, who, by virtue of their respective cilices in Great Britain, have heretofore sent or received letters and packets free from the duty of pottage by virtue of or under any all cr alls of the British parliament, to send and receive by the post, letters and packets from Great Britain to any part of Ireland, or from any part of Ireland to Great Britain, free from the duty of pottage, subject nevertheless to such limitations and restricUons as persons in this kingdom, who, by virtue of their employments or offices, are permitted to send and receive letters and packets free of pottage, arc subject and liable to by this all.

XIV. And whereas frauds may be pratlifed in fending covers, letters, and packets by post directed to members of parliament and other persons privileged by this act, to receive letters and packets free of the duty of pottage, containing letters and packets intended for others, and not intended for such members or other persons to whom such covers, letters, and packets are so directed, whereby the persons for whom such letters and packets are really intended, and may receive such covers, letters, and packets free from the duty of pottage, to the injury of the revenue*, for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said post-master-general, and all persons ailing under this all, to charge the whole of such covers, letters, and packets, with treble the duty of pottage, according to the rates establittied by this all, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, That if it ttir.ll appear by the certificate of such member,

that such cover, letter or packet, so charged, was actually intended for such member, or for some of his family, and not covering a correspondence to any person not resident in his house, that then and in every such case, the pottage so charged and paid for every such letter, cover, or packet, shall be returned to such member.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with the duty of pottage any printed votes cr proceedings in parliament, or printed newspapers being sent by the post without covers, or in covers open at the (ides, which shall be signed on the ourfidc thereof by any member of parliament in this kingdom, or which shall be directed to any such member at any place within this kingdom, whereof he shall have given notice in writing to the post-master-general of Ireland, or which shall be fe:ic by certain officers in the office of his Majesty's polt-master-general, who shall be thereunto licensed by the said post-maftvr-gcjierrJ respectively, but that all such votes, proceedings it. parliament, and printed newspapers so sent and signee! as aforesaid, shall be received free of the duty of pottage.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, That no such printed newspaper shall pass free of postage from the general pod-office tpurfuatU to any such notice, or from any other post-oflice in this kingdom, unless such newspaper shall be put into such

M m 2 post-

140

The thirtieth Year of George III.

jesty’s post-malUr-general of this kingdom, or any of the officers employed under him, to examine: and fcareii any packet sent without a cover, or in a cover open it the fide.', in order to ilifcover whether any letter or other paper or thing whatsoever be cnciofed or concealed in or with such primed vote.'?, proceedings, or printed nev.fp.ipc!->, and in order to discover whether such primed newspapers fl.jjl J>ave been duly stamped; and i:t case any letter or paper, or thing whatl'oever shall be found to be tr.clefed, written, ov concealed in, on, or with such printed voter, proceedings in prrliununr, or newspapers as aforesaid, or in case there shall be any writing other than the fupeifeription of such printed votes, proceedings, or newspapers, or any of them, or on or in the cover thereof, the whole of such packet shall be charged with treble the duty of portage by this act impoibd; and in case any such neufpaper shall appear not to have been duly stamped, every such ollicer is hereby required to (lop the fame, and fend it to the commissioners of the stamp duties at their office in the city of Dublin.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons whatsoever within this kingdom shall serge or counterfeit the seal or hand-writing, or make use of the name of any person whatsoever in die superscription of any letter or packet to be sent by the port, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of portage, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, the date, place, cr any other part of the superscription cf any such letter or packet, cr shall write, or cause to be written and sent by the poll any letter cr packet, the superscription cr any part whereof shall be forged, counterfeited or altered, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of portage, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered; cr if any person or persons within this kingdom shall forge, cr counterfeit, or alter, or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any certificate of any member of either Jtoufe of the parliament of this kingdom, or of any other person entitled to the privilege of lending letters free of the outy of portage, in order to have the portage charged upon any cover, letter, or packet refunded; every person so offending, being thereof duly convicted, shall for the first offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and for the feeond offence, the sum of one hundred pounds, and for the third offence shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall be transported for seven years; and that it dull and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's poftnjafler-general of this kingdom, and his deputies, and ail persons acting under this act, to charge any letter or packet, the superscription whereof, or any part whereof shall appear to be forged or counterfeited, or altered, with treble the duty of portage payable by virtue of this act; which said duty shall be levied and paid, unless the member of either house of parliament, ot other privileged person whose superscription it imports to be, shall certify by writing under his hand to the post-marter-general, or his deputies, that such superscription and every part thereof is of his hand writing.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any cclle&or or receiver, ferryman, or other person whatsoever, appointed or intruded, or employed to take or receive the tolls or rates at any turnpike-gate or bar erected upon any highways, bridges, or post-roads, or at any ferry, or any person who has or shall have the care of any gate, of any walled town, cr the custody of the keys of such gate shall demand and take any toll or rate for the coachman, poll-boy, express-boy, or rider, guard, servant, or other person, horses or carriages carrying or employed to carry any mail or bag of letters in this kingdom, passing through, over, or across the fame,

The thirtieth Year of George III. 141

fiate, cr shall not permit and fuller the horses and carriages, together with the A.D. coachman, pod boy, expreh-boy, or rhXr, guards, fcivant;., ami other pjrfons To 1790* employed to p.ifs through such toil-gates, bars, or gates, ami aerofs such ferries Chap. 1 without delay; or if any ferryman lhait s.ot within th.e space of one hour after t——

demand made, in all pofiihle cases com ey tile coachman, pod-hoy, express-boy,

rider, guard, servant, av.d other persons, tog' ther with the horses and carriages employed as afoTtsaid, aevofs such ferry to the usual landing place*, cr if a: y person having the care of any gate of a walled town, or the custody of the keys of such gate, shall not within a quarter of an hour after demand made aloud

at such gate, open the fame, and admit the coachman, poll-boy, exprek-botq

rider, guard, servant, or other persons, together with the horses and hcvfc-caniages employed as aforesaid, such offender or offenders being convicted thereof by the oath of such coachman, pofl-bov, express-boy, or vider, or other credible witnei’s or wituefics, before any justice of the peace within the dillricl where such offence shall be committed, which oath every justice is hereby authorized and required to administer, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty fmiimgs, to be paid to the informer; and if the same shall not be forthwith paid upon such conviction, it shall and may be lawful for every justice, and he is hereby required to commit the offender to the house of correction, there to remain until the said penalty or forfeiture shall be paid, or for any time not exceeding the space of tv.*cmy-one days, ner less than fourteen days from the time of commitment, ur.less such penalty or forfeiture shall he sooner paid,

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the post-master general shall cause an account to be Kept of all tolls payable on four-wheeled carriages carrying or travelling with Ids Majesty's mails at the several and respective turnpike gates through which the same shall pass, and shall from time to time cause the amount thereof to be paid to the treasurers of the turnpike roads to whom the same are vefpeclively payable, by four quarterly payments, any law or ufugc to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every ihe clauses, provisions, powers, privileges, disabilities, penalties, forfeitures, ami modes for the recovery of the fame matters ami things contained in an act made in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his Majesty's reign, touching the said general post-olltce, and that the said office, called the penny post office, entitled, An act for establishing a pifl-ajpce within this lingtkin, and not herein or by any other act passed in this kingdom, altered, amended, or repealed, shall be applied and extended, and Hull be construed to apply and extend to this present act, as fully and efle&ually to all intents and purpefes as if the fame had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

N n

CHAP.

J42

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D. 1790.

CHAP. XVI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Sue-refers, several Duties therein mentioned-, to be levied by the Conttnijjioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

"E your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland

in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise such aids and supplies as may be sufficient lo fupnort with honour and dignity your Majesty's government, do humbly present to your Mnjefcy the free gift of the rates and duties herein after mentioned, and do beseech your Majesty, that it may be enatted, and be it emitted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-lifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, there shall be tltroughout the kingdom of Ireland, raised, collctted, levied, ami paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the several and respective rates, irripofi-tions, duties, charges, and sums of money following; that is to say, for and upon the several matters and tilings exprofied in the schedule hereunto annexed, the fever,1! and respective r.ites, impositions, duties, charges and turns of money in the said schedule mentioned; ami for every advenisement to be contained or puhiished in any gazette, r.cwfpaper, journal, or daily account?, to be published weekly or oftemr, er in ar.y other primed paper or pamphlet whatsoever, being ci:Tvrfed cr made publick yearly, montlily, cr at any other interval or time within the tuna aforesaid, or 111 any hand-hill containing more than one advertisement printed and dispersed within the time aforesaid, a duty of one shilling; and a further duty for the fame, after the rate of one Ihiliing for every ten lines which cvcrv fuclt advertisement fb:iU contain ever and above the first ten lines; no fitch line to exceed in length twenty m’s of the letter called long primer, or two inches and three cuavttrs of an inch; and for and upon every pamphlet or paper, not exceeding fix (beets in ctt.no, or in a Icffcr page, and not exceeding twelve sheets in quarto, or twenty (beets in folio, so priniei!, a duty after the rate of nvo ll.i!iii:js for every (licet of any kind of pap,r which shall be contained iti one printed cepv, or iinpvcllioti thereof; and for and upon all insurances for injuring homes, furniture, good:, wares, merchandizes, or other property from Ids by fire, which shall be made at any time between the twenty-lif.h day of March, one thctif.md seven hundred ami ninety, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclunvo, a duly after the rate of one Jhiiiing for every one hundred pounds infcred thereby.

II. And be it enacted, That in case any such tulvcr.kcrv.eiit shall be printed in lines exceeding such length ;:s ..forcfiiiu, then ami in that case, there shall be paid for every such advertisement treble the duties herein bcfoie mentioned.

III. And be it cn.atted. That every deed, inlhumct:, note, or memorandum, letter, muniment, or writing, for or relating to the pr.ymcrt cf any ftsm of money, or for making any valuable considerrdion for or on the lolls of any ship or \&de!, goods, monies, or eiiccls, or upon at.v less by fire, or for any Ids whatsoever, or

for

'l 'he thirtieth Year of George III. 14-5

fov cr upon any life cr lives, shall be construed, deemed, and adjure.! to be J\

policies of ir.furr.nce, within the meaning cl this act. j ~(jq

IV. And be it enacted, That cvtry deed, kiflrunnmt, note, memorandum, £]jar)< j £ letter, or other muniment, or writing, between the captain and mailer, or owner Ar^j of any ll.tp or vdicl, and any merchant, trader, or otmr person. in refnoft of the freight, or conveyance of any goods, money, wares, mcreh.u d:,:cs or ell'ccls laden, or to be lae.cn, on board of any such ship trwfiU, fii.:ll be deemed and adjudged to be a charter-party, within the meaning of this ail.

V. And for corroding abuses committed by srreuing persons v. -thru: any writ cr irgr.1 process to justify tint fame, by means whereof, the pavmcisr t.f the duty hereby given to the ciown upon such prcccfs may be evaded: be it evaded,

That from and after the twenty-fifth cay cf March, one thous.md fevea hundred and ninety, every cflieer or clerk belonging, or that shall hereafter belong to the . court of JvingVUutch, court of Common litas, cr court of J.uhcquer, who Hull sign any writ or process before judgment, to nrrelt any person or persons thereupon, hull at the time of signing thereof, for dawn upon such writ or process, the dav ami year of signing the fame, which shall be entered upon the remembrance roll, cr in the booh wherein the ubliracb cf such writ or process shall be entered, upon pain to forleit the sum of ten pounds fur every o'Tence or neglect of such officer, or clerk as aforesaid; fucJi forfeiture to be 1'.'covered by civil bill, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, your heirs ami fucaffors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who Ilsali inform and sue for the same.

VI. And be it enacted, That all books and pamphlets, serving chiefly for the purpose of an almanack ora directory, by whatever name or names entitled or defosibed, are nr..1 shall be charged with the duty imposed by this act on almanacks and directories, but not with any of the duties charged by this act on pamphlets, cr any other primed papers, any thing herein contained to the con-traiy nutvviihfhnaing.

VII. Provided always, That this scl, or any thing herein contained, fhaif rot extern! to charge any bill cf exchange, accounts, bills of parcels, bills of fees, or any bills or notes (net sealed) for payment of money at light, cr upon demand, or at the end of certain days of payment.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained, Avail extend to charge the probate of any wiil, or letters of administration of any common leaman or fnldier who Until be ilain or die in l.is Majesty's fen ice, a certificate being p.j educed from the captain or commander of the fiiip or vtfe!, cr captain or commanding officer of the troop cr company under whom such Teaman or fohlier fened at the time of his death; of the truth whereof an o.sth (or if by a quaher a fcl* r.;n affirmation) flirt*) be made before the proper judge or officer by whom fuels pi chain cr administration ought to be giair.ee, which oath cr affirmation feds jud^o or cslicer is hereby authori/xu and required to administer, without he or toward.

IX. Provided aif-', Thu none of the rates, duties, or sums of money impeffid by this act, Hull be r.nffid, levied, toih.chd, or paid, cr be p'yJue imho jolt Iriujdiv by virtue of this act, by any perffin or pejlims who Jhd! b.* rdn.irted io fuo or defend in jivim pr.:ci:s} so far as rcl..tc> tu the i u it :n \vh:ch ise, i:.e, ir ihev shall be admitud to sue cr defend.

X. Provided also, 'i hat this ac*, cr any clause herein contained, net be construed to charge v. ill: any duty, r.r.v wvrrasit made i y, cr re-:c.;i.induce t,;Un before any jufrice cr juiliccs of the per.ce, or any proceedings trsmy c'uwt-mr.rti.il whirls relate to any trial cf any curmcii foMier, but such warr.mb, ic-K n 2 Cw*-r:i2..necs

144. The thirtieth Year of George III.

A I) cvcmivincct avd proceedings shall be and are hereby declared to be exempted I from t! c payment of any of the duties imposed by this act.

1f) XI. Provid’d ah’o, That this set shall not extend to charge with any of the

dit’ie'* aforesah', any art of j)miinrr.cnt, proclamation, orders of council, forms of t r.uer :uul thankibiving, or any acts of Rate which shall be ordered by your M.ijdtv, your heira and fuccdTors, or by the lord iieutenanr, or other chief governor or thief governors of this kingdom for the time being, to be piimed, or the printed votes or other matter., which arc or shall be ordered to be ptiuted by either heuse of par.lament, any books commonly used in any of the schools of Ireland, or any books containing only matters of devotion or piety, or any Angle advertisement printed by itself, or the weekly bills of mortality, or the daily accounts or bids of goods imported and exported, so as Rich daily accounts, or bills of goods Imported and exported, do contain no other matter than accounts or goods imported into and exported from this kingdom, and the particulars relating to such impoits and exports, and so as the fame be printed and pubhihod by such oilicer or oiiicers as shall be authorized thereto by the lord lieutenant-gener.il, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for die time being*, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ft, Hiding.

X!I. And be it eunfUd, That all accounts or bills of goods imported or t» j '.Ttcti, piiuted or published l.y any other person or persons, except such officer or oniecrj atnhurhcii as aforesaid, whether printed or published daily, weekly, monthly, or at any oiha time or timer, or pubiifiied as accounts, or as abstracts of accounts, or in any other nunutr whatsoever, shall be, and are hereby deemed to be daily accounts, 0: bilk of goods imported and exported, and subject to the dudes her-by imposed, ami shall pay a duty in proportion to the number of day’s recounts of imports or export, contained therein} that is to say, the him of one penny for every day’s account, or alv.lract of every day’s accounts, of imports t.r expect;’, which th.t’d appear to be included in every such publication.

XII!. Provided also, 'I hat nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to to li.cject the books of any corporate body to any llamp or duty

whatsoever.

XIV. And be it enacted, That adalincl account shall he kept by the receiver-general of the stamp duties, of the mor.c y arising from die respective duties of ten.pounds, in the said fehetiule mentioned, on the ad million of any student in the society of KingVInns, and on the auniiilion of ;u:y barriller Into the Inns of Court, ami the further duly of seven pounds in the said schedule mentioned upon any iiuienture for binding an apprentice to an attorney, and that the same shall be paid to the tivafurer of the said society, to be applied by him in such manner as flu'll be directed by the said locicty.

XV. And be it enacted, That for the better and more effectually levying, collecting, and paying unto your Majesty, your heirs and successers, the several :i:ul rvfpeciive duties hcichy granted, it shall and may be lawful for your Majesty, er the iord lieutenant or otlur chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, from time to time, to nominate and appoint such persons as your Majesty, your heirs ami successors, or the lord lieutenant, cr cthtr chief gourr.or or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall think fir, tube tomniilitoners or clltcers for the stamping and marking of vellum, parchment at.d paver, and managing the duties thereupon} and that the commissioners so to be appointed shall keep their head office in some convenient place within the city of Dublin} and the said commiflicvers cr the major part of them, are hereby cm* powered under their hands and seals, to appoint such inferior officers, with the conk-r.t and approbation cf tlx lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors

The thirtieth Year of George III.

uors of thit kingdom for tin.* time ‘King;, fer tie marking or damping of vellum, parchment, nr.d paper, am! lor the better collating or levying the duties hereby i;r:r.:ed to vov.r Mafflly, year hc:is ami fueeellors, us they :.t tlietr tiiic;etton iiiall think proper.

AVI, Ailil uliere.H it nvtv be tUiUcult to prove, that the commissioners and Other cfiicers for r.vatncing and collecting the duties on vellum, parchment, and j ap-r, i.err.ofoic appointed, or who have held, or who do now, or may hereafter actually hold fitch oiliecs respectively, have* performed the rajuiiites pteferibed by Jaw to entitle them to execute the Ibid.dikes respectively, and ijudlious may arise thereon touching the validity of the a els done, or to be done, by the said commissioners and officers, and the validity of the types, marks, and (lamps, winch have been, or may he used for the marking of the said duties, and of the impreilions made therewith: be it emitted, That ail types, marks and (lamps heretofore used by the said commissionera, cr by any officer or officers acting under their audio* lity, for marking the f.ud duties, and all impreftions made therewith on any deeds, records, or «filings whatsoever, shall be, and the fame ami tvery of then: are and is hereby declared lawful and valid to all intents and purposes; and that in all attioiiF, suits, mdittments, informations, prosecutions and proceedings whatsoever, touching any of the matters contained in this att, or for or touching any act or acts heretofore done or hereafter to lw done by the said commissioners and officers, or any of them, in virtue or under colour of their respective offices, it shall be deemed and taken that the said comniiinouers and officers have performed the several reijuilitcs- picfcished by law to entitle them to execute the said offices vefpettively.

XVII. Provided ahv.ivs, and be it twitted, That the fever.il commissioners and officers hcrctcfoie appointed fer the stamping or mailing of vellum, parchment, and paper, and managing the duties thereupon, and now actually holding and exercising such oiliecs resptttively, as ;.lfo such oilier comn.il’ioners and officers as dull be hereafter appointed purfti:nr to this act, shall* dming (he continuance of

this act, for more cfkclunily levying the several duties hereby granted, continue to att in the several offices to which they luve been, or shall he so appointed, or which they now' actually hold or exercise, in like manner, with the fame powers and authorities, and subject to the ff me rcilrittiotis and limitations as are hilii-tioned in former acts of parliament, granting stamp duties unto veur Majesty, or any of them, save as herein is otherwise directed, unless such commissioners or inferior officers shall be sooner removed from such offices by the lord lieutenant, or chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or unless such inferior officers shall be sooner removed h* in such offices by the said commissioners, with the consent and approbation of the said lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom !cr the time being.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the types, marks, and (lamps already kept or used for denoting and marking on vellum, parchment, and paper, the several and respective duties granted by the f.ful at‘a, or any of them, or hereafter to be kept or used at the said head c&ice, for denoting and marking on vellum, parchment, and papa, the several and vefpective duties hereby granted, (lu.ll be the only true and lawful types, marks, and llamps, for the (binping 2nd impressing of ail vellum, parchment, s-.nd p,*per, on which any of the several things herein directed to be charged, have been or shall he tngrossed or written*, and tint from time to time, as ( f.*.n as such types, m..rks, or (lamp;, or any of them, shall be worn Out, or elh'Twife become unfcrvictable, the said commissioners nnv cause the same to be rep dial and rendered lit for ufo, or cause renewals thereof, or similar types, mark?, and (lamps to be made and used, if they shall think puper so to do*. and that where Inch tjuts, marks, cr (lamps, shall not Vet. XV. O o specifically

45

A.D. 1-yo.

Chap,

16.

146 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

denote the duties chargeable by this act, two or more of such types,

marks, or (lamps, the duties denoted whereby shall in the whole amount to Ch;r>. 16. the duties chargeable by this act, may be ufeci for marking and impressing ve!-lum, parchment, and paper, with fuels duties; or the said rommissioners may cause to be provided new types, marks, or (lamps, for denoting such duties, or any of them, if they shall think proper so to do, and to (lamp and mark vellum, parchment, artl paper, chargeable with such duties, with the same.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the devices or marls used, or to be ufeci for denoting ai.d marking on vellum, parchment, and paper, the said duties, or any of them, may be changed, varied, or altered, from time to time, as your Majesty your cits and fucidlc-rs, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for (he time being shall think fit: provided that whenlocver such devices or maths shall be changed, varied, or altered, then, and in every such case, publish notice of such change, variation, or alteration, shall he given by advertisemem in the Dublin Gazette, and in sonic other public k neuf. paper, a convenient time before the types, marks, or (lamps, on which such new dtvues or marks shall be made, be used.

XX. And be it enacted, That all courts of justice, and judges whatsoever ilia!), without allegation or proof on that behalf, take judicial notice of the several typesj marks, and (lamps kept or used as aforesaid, as and for the only true and lawful types, marks, and stamps for the purpose herein mentioned-

XXI. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners heretofore appointed, or hereafter to be appointed by your Majesty, your heirs and successors, or by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being as aforesaid, or the major part of such commissioners, shall and may from time to time, as they shall see otcahon, appoint one or more fit jerion or persons to attend in any court or eouus, office or offices, which person or persons shall have full power aiul authority to inspect and examine the vellum, parchment, and paper, upon which any of the matters or things aforesaid have been, or fluid he ciigrofia! or written, or pur, am! also the marks or (lamps thereupon, and also all other matters and things tending to secure to your Majesty, your heirs and fucuflbi.*., tlx duties arising by this act or any former act, whereby any diri- s were granted to your Majesty, upon stamped vedum, parchment, and p:-p( r, and that tht judges in the several courts, and such others to whom it may

appertain, at the retjueft of the said commissioners, or of any two of them, shall make such orders in their resp.-ftive courts, and do such other matters and things /or the better securing of the said duties, as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in that behalf; and that every rommissioner, and other officer before he proceeds to the execution of his offi- e under such appointment, shall take and subscribe the oath proferibed by, and mentioned in an act paffird in the twenty-third and tw enty-fourth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An nJ fer granting unit f.j< M.y'jlx, his hein ami judffirs, several duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, u/.il to be admir.iffered cs in the (hid aft is mentioned; provided that nothing in this act contained, fl all aiteft, or be construed to affect an act passed in this Kingdom in the twenty-full and twenty-fecoml years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An cel to t emulate the qualifcation of persons appointed to offices in this &iitid*mt when it: two or w-te grantees act under one grant, cotiwnffion, cr app intm.nt, hut that the said act and every part thereof, (had remain in full for ‘e.

X^Tf. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners and other officers hereto ft re appointed, and hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid. and all officers cm* yl* yrd, or to be employed ov entrnfled by or under them as: oresaid, shall from time to time, in and for the better execution of their several offices and trulls,

observe

The thirtieth Year of George III. 147

observe and perform such ruler; methods, and orders as they respectively »ave A.D. received, or shall receive, from time to time, from the lord lieutenant, or other 1790. chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time bring; and that the Chap. I& f.iid commissioners shall take special care that the lever;:! p.ttti of this kingdom, V—^ from time to time, be sufficiently furnished with vellum, parchment, and paper, damped or marked as aforeCrid, so that your Majesty's subjects niav have it in their election to buy the fame of the officers or persons to be employed by the Uid commifitonerS) at the usual or moll common rates above tiic uid duty, or to b»ing their own vellum, parchment, and paper, to be llamped as afor^fuid, or to furnish themselves from others who shall have done the same.

XXIII. And whereas heretofore a practice prevailed to tvfcit in one fain of parchment, on which bills, answers, and other pleadings in ctjutiy were engrossed or written, twenty chancery or exchequer fliects, evciy sheet in chancery con* taming ninety words, and every sheet in the exchequer one hundred ami two words, and the fame has been deemed a reasonable quantity to he engrossed and u’riuen in am! upon every (kin of parchment, and rite usual charge for drawing and enrolling may accordingly, upon taxation of colls, be fairly and equitably allowed: and whereas it has been of late practised by vttornies, solicitors, and others, to insert in one skin of parchment, the contents of a greater number of fliects than the number of chancery or exchequer thcets above specified, and to charge their Clients and employers double or treble the sum for engrossing such skins, calling the fame double or treble skins, and alledging that they insert twice or thrice as mmh in quantity as they are obliged to do, and that upon a taxation they flmuld he allowed accordingly, by which means the client or employer is liable to be imposed upon, and the produce of the said duties may be materially afieded: be it therefore enacted, Thar from and after the passing of this act, alj attornies, solicitors, or other persons, shall make their several charges upon their clients or employers, for engrossing bills, nnfwers, and other pleadings in equity, at or after the known and usual rates for cvciy skin, according to the number of skins they shall so engross or write, and not otherwise; and if any attorney, soli-titor, or other person shall, for writing or engrossing one skin of parchment only, charge any client or employer for double or treble skins, or for more than one skin, making his charge by the sheet, or in any other manner than by the skin, under pretence of having inferred in such one skin of parchment a greater number of sheets than twenty, or under any other pretence whatsoever, such charge shall not be payable by the client, and further, that every attorney, solicitor, or other person shall, for every such charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay for the first offence the sum of ten pounds, and for the second offence the sum of fifty pounds, and for the third and every other otfence the sum of one hundred pounds, with treble costs of suit.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That where any bill of coil in any cause in your Majesty's courts of chancery or exchequer, in which there shall be any charge or charges for drawing, or for engrossing on parchment any bills, answers, or other pleadings in the said courts respectively, which shall be engrossed or written, and filed in eitliL: of tl e f.iid courts, shall be taxed, the officer who shall respectively tax such bills of costs, shall tax the charges for drawing and engrossing such bills and answets, and other pleadings at the usual charge by the skin, according to the number of skins actually contained in such pleading, and not according to the number of fliects, or words contained in such skin, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and fu-h officer, if the bill of colts to be taxed be in a cause in the court of chancery, shall signify at the foot of such bill of cofl, that the number of skins contained in the pleadings mentioned therein hath been certified to him by the keeper of the rolls of the court of

0 0 1 chancery,.

148 The thirtieth Year of George III.

chancery, or his deputy , and if such bill of cod be in a cl.vifc in the f.dd court IyQO. of ixelit-qu'.T, the olhcer who shall tax the fame, shall signify at the fn.it of such V’Chai) I 6, ^L‘ hath itifpched the engrofiment of the pleadings mentioned in such bill

ol\>.iU.

XXV. Amlin case such o Hirers r<. spechiveW, who Audi tax such hills of cods as u\ r. fi.id, thall neglect or re ini’* to apply to the clerk of the rolls for such o.r :ii a:. ."> ufoicfidd, or to inljxct the engroflment of the p!iading* mentioned i» fu- h i.’iti of coll, or fh.\| mgb.cl or rtfufe to tax the charts for drawing .-ml et.‘M(-tli.‘-.> lull bills, .;nl\-.*r.., or oilier pleadings in manner herein direct' .1, every 1...1 o"i.r to iieghcli: or i< sufi.vg resptClnclv as uforcl'.ud, ii-all Surfeit fer ever; i'ti'-n neglect ur rd'nl'.il the it:m of ten pounds.

X\\ 1. Ami in case ti c keeper of the rolls of the court of chancery, or his deputy, th,-.)! regled i r reinfe to iiTpccl ami certify the number of Ikins contained in ftuh pie.'birgs ;-s 1 foi-iV: to the proper officer of the said court, upon

be in;.' applied to by Jim A r the pirphs aforesaid, such keeper, or his deputy shall, hr ev.ry Inch neghci ot ufui.d, forfeit in like manner the furo of ten pounds; which fa;d several tori. ;:ures shall be enforced in a summary way, upon motion by order of the Ibid.u.urts of chancery and exchequer, upon complaint made to them ttlpo'Hvuy, agaitilt any ollicer who shall be guilty of such neglect or nfuf.il, and shall go ami ensue ;o the use of your Majesty, your heirs and iuc* Cell* rs.

X W11. rrnvidcil ahvuvs, That nothing in this act contained Avail extend, or be eonl'niai to extend to the charge to be made for engrossing any bill, anlVcr, or other pleading in equity, the whole contents of which shall not amount to the ‘ quantity or number of flv.etr. tn 1-e contained in two Ikir.s, reckoning the quantity in every Ikiti, ac ordimj t-i )';.* number of flvetr. above specified.

XT'dlil. And be it ma1, That every copy of every aiiidavit which Audi be read in any court whatsotv* r, shall he crgvolted or written in such manner, as that the qmwity of writing ci.:,t:imd in any one fliect or piece of paper, net he em-d n.ore tlun o->e according to the manner in which the

otMC-.rs of t: < con*:'. In whi*_-!i such ad’davi: flull he respectively filed, change by thefl-v't lot such idlh’.Mit; ..ml if any oflieir of suy court shall charge for the qua: ti'V of v.rhu-'g 'V:t:,:.ted in anyone Iheci cr piece of paper, on which any c«py of huh a.slid.ivit ikafl he wiiuc", more than the fees to which he Hail le entitled it r one fliect, aavrilui'; to the eottife of the court in which fu> li aiiid.r. it Audi be filed, he shall for cvtry fuh cl nr.e IT nu.de c.r demanded, fn:fei: ai:d p:y the sum of ten pound '., wi:ii treble cc:s cf suit, to any person or p-rfotb who Ih ill inform and sue for the farm* in any court of record, by action, bill, phini, or itiforni.ilion, wherein imil’ie/n, proiuflion, or w.igw of Lav shall be allow.’.!, o- by civil bdi in the court 0! niopc. r juriluidion.

X\l\- And to picvm: frauds winch might be committed by writing such C’-pi.1; iuvm both her. of any flue: or pi. rc cf paptr, be it enacted, That where »\:c 0 ore Sid. or page of any flu-.t of paper shall be Uan.prd or marked

v *t' 1! c co'iy by this act ci ar^cd on pap.-r, on which such copy of an affidavit flr.iM \v wra-e"-, each hue or page so marked or ilamped, shall he deemed a f.pin:;- flue; ui piece cf paper, v i»! in the intent and meaning of tins act.

\a.\. And be it auchd. Th;t nil iicords, writs, pleadings, and ether pro-c:-ee: < -urts of law and equity, and all deeds, instruments, and writingi

v ;:a. t. - very e!-. :; ba '.aurt'ucd or written in such manner as they

h.n.\ tv..fly a.vto ha written, or are new written, f.tvt as is I (Tv if. 'i.t'.iwed.

>.N x 1 A!v ;r ti'.-cte.1. That :.ll writings, matters and t’vngs, ir p/y ct v,iu:. o' any o‘ tbt l..:A . nth. A.pyabic, and winch ihml be en-;"-r

vvntt.n

The thirtieth Year of George III. 149

written before, or on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred A.D. and ninety-one, shall be written in such manner, that some part thereof shall be 1790. as near as conveniently may be to the {lamps or marks which shall in pursuance Chap. 16 of this act be placed on the vellum, parchment, or paper, whereupon the fame v-^v^O shall he written or engrafted, upon pain that the person who shall write or cn-gross, or c-use to be written or engrafted, any such writing, matter, or thing contrary to the tenor and true meaning hereof, shall for cvety such oflence forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by c'n il hill, one moictv thereof to the use of your M/jefiy, your heirs and succesibrj; and the other moiety to him, her, or them who Hull inform and fisc fur the lame.

XXXII. And be it euafttd, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, hereby intended to be charged with the several and respective duties afoiefiml, Ouiil, before any of the matters or things herein before mentioned, be thereupon engrafted or written, be brought to the head cflice aforesaid to be stamped and marked j and the said commissioners and oflicers are her by required, upon demand of the person or persons so bringing the same, forthwith, without any fee or reward, to iiamp or mark any quantity or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper so brought, such person or persons paying to such officer or oliicers as shall be appointed in that behalf, the respective duties hereby granted and directed to be paid for the same.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall be arrested, between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thouswd seven hundred and ninety, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one intiufive, by virtue of any writ or process of any of your Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, at the suit of any common person, and the sheriff or other officer shall take bail from such person against whom such writ or process shall issue, the sheriff or other officer at the requdl and coil of the plaintiff in such action or suit, or of his lawful attorney, fitall assign to the plaintiff in such aftioa or suit, the bail-bond or other security taken from such bail, by emlorfing the fame, and all<*(Ung it under his hand and seal in the presence of two or more credible witnesses, which may be done without any starnp *, provided, the assignment so endorsed, be duly stamped before any action be brought thereupon *, and also, that for ami during the time aforesaid, when and so often as it shall become necessary for any sheriff, or other officer having authority to grant replevins, to assign any bond of any plaintiff in replevin, to the avowant or defendant in such action, such assignment may be made without any damp; provided the assignment so made, be duly damped before any action be brought thereupon.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any commissioner, or other officer appointed, or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall fix any such mark or (lamp to any vellum, parchment, or paper, which shall be brought to the head-office aforesaid to be {lamped or marked, before the several and respective duties thereupon charged by this act shall be duly anfrered and paid, or be secured to be paid to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, lie Avail for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons have or hath engrafted or written, or evufed to be engrafted or written, at any time since the commencement of the find acts, or any of them, or {lull at any time hereafter ctigrofs or write, or cause to be engraft: d or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which such vellum, parchment, or paper, was charge bie by the faic acts, or any of them, or is hereby charged to pay any duty, before such time as the faiu vellum, parchment, or paper, hath been, or shall be marked or {lamped ns aforesaid, or luth, or have engrafted or written, cr caused tc be engrossed or written, or shall engrafs or write, or cause

i^o The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

to be engrossed or written, any matter or thing upon any vellum, parchment, or

1790. paper, that have been, or shall be stamped or marked for any lower duty than the Chap. I 6. ‘hity by the said acts, or this act, payable for what hath been, or shall be so engrossed or written, tl en and in every such case there shall be answered and paid to your Majesty. your heirs and successors, over and above such duty as aforesaid, for every such deed, instrument, or writing, the sum of ten pounds; and no f»u.h deed, record, instrument, or writing, shall on any pretence whatsoever, be pleaded or given, or received in evidence in any court, or admitted In any court to be good or available in law or equity, until as well the said duty, as the said sum of ten pounds, shall be first p.fli! to your Majesty's use, ami a receipt produced for the fame under the hand or hands of some of your Majesty's officers appointed to receive the duties above mentioned, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such deed, instrument, or writing, hath been, or shall he written or ma<h, shall be marked or stamped with a luwtul mark or (lamp; and the proper officer or officer*; are hereby required upon payment, or tender of the said duty, and sum of ten pounds, unto him or them, to give a receipt for the fame, and to mark and stamp such vellum, parchment, or paper, with the mark or flump that shall be proper for such deed, inflrunrent, or writing re-fptftively.

XXXVI. Provided always, and tire said commissioners are hereby authorized to stamp all inflrumenis executed out of this kingdom, upon payment of the duty payable thereon according to this act, without paying the said additional duty of ten pounds, proof being lirlt made to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, or the major part of them, that such instruments were really executed out of tins kingdom.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained

shall extend, m iv* comiru.’d to extend to judgments upon inquifmons,

writs of jliir J<uiujt or to jm-gments upon ml V/.;/; provided that the fame be stumped with the proper ILmp within one month next after the same shall have been (igmd, and that no <! r.unt shall be allowed thereon.

XX.Wlll. And be it e: .1 led, That any officer or oIIilcis who shall neglect or omit to bring ruth judgment or judgments to be stamped within one month, as hereby uitecl.d, thall for cury such negkft or omiflton, forfeit and pay the sum of tut pounds, to be recovered by civil bill or in any court of recorJ in this kingdom.

XXMIX. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall engross or write, orcaufc to be engrifled or v. tiitcn, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, any of tl.e matters or things for which the said vellum, parchment, or paper, is hereby charged to pay any duty, Ik tore such time as the said vellum, parchment, or paper, shall be marked or lump :u as aforesaid, or Avail engross or write, or c use 10 be engrolled or written, any matter or thing upon vellum, parchment, or paprr, that shall be nvaiknl or fl..n pcd (hr any lower duty than the duty by this i*i pay aide for what lh.dl be so engrailed or written, such person so cil'emling, shall foricit for every such uikncc the sum of five pounds, to be recovered by civil bill; one moiety thereof to your Mrjdly, your heirs and successors; and die other moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform and fuc for the same.

XL. And be it dueled, That in case any clerk, officer, or person, who in respect of any publick office or employment, is or shall be authorized cr entrusted to nu'v, engr. fs, or wiftc any records, deeds, instrumsnts, or writings, by this act to pay a duly ;s aforesaid, ii.nil be wilfully guilty cf any fraud, n

pr.iftLc, to defraud your Majesty, your mirs, or successors, of any duty by this act p.i)..h'c, by making, engrolhng, or writing any such record, deed, tnflruir.ent, r: writing, or by caubng the f.»mc to be made and engrefled, or wiittcn upon

vellum.

The thirtieth Year of George III. f 51

vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or stamped according to this act, or upon vellum, parchment, ot paper, marked or stamped with any mark or (lamp j

which he shall know to be counterfeited, or by wilfully engrojfing or writing any Qiapt j

such deed, instrument, or other writing upon vellum, pan'rouent, or paper, which

lie shall know to be damped or marked for a lower duty than the duty payable

by this act upon tive fame, then every such clerk, ollicer, or person, so guilty of any such fraud or practice, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit hi«

office, puce, or employment respectively, ami be disabled to hold or enjoy tl e

fame for the future; ami if -my attorney belonging to any court whatsoever, Ibali

wilfully be guilty of any such fraud or practice as aforesaid, and be ronvicled

thereof, he shall be disabled for the future to practice as an aitmev.

XII. And to prevent the committing of frauds on your Majdlv, in respect or the duty payable on the admitlion of anomies into courts: be it enacted, That no attorney Hull practice either in his own name or in the name of any other attorney in any of his Majesty's cowts of law, or in my court of record whatsoever, in which anomies -are admitted, except only in such court or courts in which lie ss.ali have actually been admitted and fwo.n an attorney, upon pain of the person ft) pntclifing being remitted incapable of being fwern an attorney in any eourt of law; and every attorney who II.all lb praclue in any court in which he lli.dl not have been admitted and fvorn an attorney, shall be disabled from recovering the colls of any proceeding* carried on by him in such court.

XIII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall write, or en-gross, or cause to be v tir.en or cngUuTcd, either the whole or part of any matter or thing in respect whereof any duty is payable by this act, upon any part of any piece of vellum, parchment, cr paper wheicca there Audi have been before engrailed, written, or printed, any other matter or thing in rdpecl whereof any duty is payable by this act, before such vellum, parchment, or paper shall have been again marked or Humped according to this act, or shall liaudulemly trafe or ferape out, or cjufe to be eraful or fcr.iped out the name or names of any person or persons, or any (urn, date, or other thing engrciTed, written, or printed in such instrument, writing, matter, ot thing ;ti> aforesaid, or fraudulently cut, tear, or take off any mark or (lamp from any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, or any part thereof, with intent to use such stamp or mark for any other writing, matter, or thing in respect whereof any dmy shall be payable by virtue of this act, then and in every such case, every such person so oilending in any of the particulars before mentioned, 11,all for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

\LIII. Provided always, ami be it ci.aelcJ, That so often as the said devices or marks, or any of them shall be changed, v..ried, or altered as herein before mentioned, it shall be lawful for all persons wiio shall have at that time in their custody or poflbUion any vellum, p.uchment, or p.'pti* m,nked with the impressioii of the type, mark, or Itan.p which h.all haw been so changed, varied, or altered, upon which none of the m.uters or tilings hereby charged shall have been engrossed or written, to bring cr fend at any time v.-ithiu the (pace of sixty days after the publication of lueh advert.fement as af.mrsaid, such vel.tim, parchment, and paper to the fail! cotumimouers at the head office in the city or Dublin, or to such O’her odieers appointed as aforesaid , and the said c.-mmissioners and officers respceritely are here by required to dray-r or civic to ba delivered unto the several persons who shall so bring and deliver; ty oti unity of wham, parchment, orpaprr, the like quantity of vellum, rarJineiil, or p.p.rfo stamped at :-iffiref;ud, ami as good in quality, marked v. hi: the iirprcffivn of fvcli new type, mark, or (lamp, without demanding oi n.ki.tg i.irccllv ci indirectly for tl.c f-.mtr, any sum of money or other con fuier.tUor. v> n.ul'oever, under the penalty d fofciting for every such 1* p 2 offence

*5*

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

offence the sum of one hundred pounds; and in case any person shall neglect or

parchment, or paper, had never been stamped; and :hat all matters and things which shall be engrossed or written thereon, after such time as (h.all he appointed by such ailvertisement as aforesaid, for making use of such changed or altered typ'S, marks, or (lamps as aforesaid, Aval) be of no other cftVfl titan if they lead been er.grossed or written on vellum, parchment, or paper not marked or stamped; and all pci foils who limit mgrofs or write any matter or t: ing chargeable with any of the duties nforefnid, on such vellum, parchment, or p. per, aftrr the f.dd time, shall incur and fuller such penalty as is herein before dire-dled to be inflicted on persons writing and engiofling on vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or stamped.

XLIV. Provided always, 'Hint all vellum, parchment, and paper, which has been stamped or marked, and has paid the duties granted by any act or acts of parliament heretofore made, shall and may be used for the purposes then by intended, without any additional (lamp, mark, or duty, except in cases whereby this, or any other act or acts, duties greater than those heretofore laid on, are imposed, in all which cases, it (had be lawful for the said commissioners, or any of them, if they shall think proper so to do, upon the rajuell of any person or persons, to order either that such villum, parchment, and paper be stumped, with a duty denoting a higher duty, the person or persons retpiefting the fame, paying the difference of price between the said respective (lamps, or that-vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with (lamps denoting such duties as the person or persons requeuing the same shall desire, be given to such person or persons in exchange for such vellum, parchment, and paper as shall be offered for exchange; provided, that the amount of the duties to be marked on such vellum, parchment, and paper so to be Humped, shall not exceed the amount of t!re duties on the vellum, parchment, and paper so to be offered for exchange: provided also, That the (lamps marked on such vellum, parchment, and paper so to be offered fox exchange, b: cmcelkd.

XLV. And for the better distribution of ti c said vellum, parchment, and paper, and that your Majdly’s subjects may have the fame with convenience and at an cafy tale: be it enacted, That the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall, once in every year at leall, set the prices at which all forts of (l imped vellum, parchment, and paper shall be fold; and tire said commissioners for managing the said duties upon vellum, parchment, ami paper, shall (lamp the said prices to set upon every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, and on every piece and (licet of paper lb by than to be sold; ami the said commissioners (had likewise allow and pay to every person who Hull bring velium, parchment, or paper to the said head-office to be stamped, in pursuance of this act, the duties whereof lhab amount to the sum of twenty pounds, or upwards, save vellum, parchment, and piper, to be stamped with the duty of one hundred pounds, in the said schedule mentioned, after the rate of three pounds for every hundred pounus upon prompt payment of the said duty upon such vellum, parchment, or paper so by them brought; and that any person or persons who shall buy any paiumrcnt or paper at the head-oil,ce for tbmping the fame, the duty whereof shall amount to the like sum of twenty pounds or upwards, f,*vc as alovei'aici, shall have tin. fame allowance for promp’ piyment.

XLVI. And for belter rollec ing and curing the duties hereby charged on pa:;-phhi.; i.v it emtCled, That cue printed copy of evay Inch pamphlet, which

{lull

The thirtieth Year of George III. 153

Itiall before or on the twenty-fifth <i.:y of March, one thousand l'even hundred A, X).

and ninety-one, be primed or published within the city of Dublin, Hiail within 179c.

the fp'HCc of six days after the priming thereof, be brought to the said head-ollice Chap. 16.

for marking or damping velum, paichment, or p.ip:r, and the title thereof with w—

the number of fkv:-, contained therein, and the duty hereby charged thereon,

fiiail be regidervd cr entered in a book to be there kept for that purpose, which

duty Audi be thereupon paid to the proper olfiecr or oilicer.; appointed to icctive

the fame, or his or their deputy or clerk, who shall thereupon forthwith give a

receipt for the fame on huh printed copy, to denote the payment of the duty

hereby charged on such pamphlet*; and that one printed copy of every such

pamphlet that ih.ili be printed or published in any place not being within the city

of Dublin, Anil, within the space of fourteen days after the printing thereof,

be brought to some head distributor or collector of the said stamp duties, who if

hereby required forthwith to enter the title thereof, with the number of (beets

contained therein, and the duty thereby charged thereon, in a book to be by him

hep; for thwt purpose, which duty Hull be thereupon paid to such collector, who

Ihfcll give a receipt for the fame on such primed copy.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That if any such pamphlet shall be printed or published, and the duty hereby charged thereupon shall not be duly paid within tin* respective times herein before, for theft several purports hereby limited, then the printer and publisher, and all other persons concer* cd in and about the priuting and publishing of such pamphlet, shall for every such olTence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, one moiety, whereof to be paid to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the use of the perfo.11 who shall inform and sue for the f.iinr, by action or information, in any of your Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdicUoti.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That no printer, or other person or persons shall publifil any newspoper, or any paper serving the purpose of a newspaper, before he, flic, or ihey fluli have entered into ftcurity by bond to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, for the payment of the duty on advcilifemenls which shall be printed therein, or thereupon, upon pain that every person so offending forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, one moiety thereof to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other to such person as shall inform and sue for the same, by action or information, in any of your Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bilL in the court of proper jurisdiction.

XUX. And be it enacted, That all and every the materials and utensils for printing, used in, kept at, or belonging to.any prituing-house, in which any newspaper, or ary paper (erring the purpose of a newspaper as aforesaid, hath been, or shall be printed, into whose hands soever the same shall have come, or by whatever conveyance or title the same shall be claimed, shall be in the first place liable and subject to, and are hereby charged with all and every such sum and sums of money as have become due, or shall become due, for the duty, by this or any former act of parliament, charged on advertisements, which have been, or shall be printed or published in such newspaper, or other paper as aforesaid, during such time as such materials or utensils were, or shall be used in, or kept at, or did or shall belong to such printing-house as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful, in all cases, to levy such sum and sums of money upon such materials and utensils, in like manner as if the printer or printers of such newspaper, or other paper as aforesaid, were the real proprietor or proprietors of such materials and utensils at the time of levying the same.

L. And be it enacted, That no person shall fell, or expose to sale, any such pamphlet, or any such newspaper, or any paper serving the purpose of a newspaper, without the true name and surname or names and surnames, and the

*54

The thirtieth Year of George III.

the sum of flfty pounds, one moiety titereof to the use of your Majesty, your heirs ami successors, and the other moiety to the use of such person as shall sue for the same, by action or information, in any of your Majesty's couns of record, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurtfeidion.

LI. And be it enacted, That no officer Appointed for distributing vellum, parchment, or paper, in this kingdom, shall fell or deliver any {lamped paper for printing any public!: newspaper, intelligence, or occurrence, to any person, un-lets such person shall give security by bond as aforesaid, for the payment of the duties for the advertisements which Avail be primed therein, or there-

LII. And whereas printers, publishers, and proprietors of newspapers, intelligences, or occurrences, or other papers serving the purpose of newspapers, intelligences, or occurrences, who have performed the requifttes, which by law are required to entitle them to obtain from the said commissioners for managing your Majesty's stamp duties, or their officers, Damped paper for printing of such newspapers or other papers as aforesaid, of which they are respectively printers publishers, or proprietors, have supplied printers or proprietors of other newspapers, with stamped paper for the printing of such other newspapers, or other paper as aforesaid, whereby the laws relating thereto have been evaded: for pre-\ention whereof, be it enacted, That in all cases where any person or persons, who is, or are, or shall be entitled to obtain from the said conuniifloners, or their otlicers, {lamped paper for the printing of any newspaper, or other paper as aforesaid, of which lie, Cite, or they is, or shall be printer or printers, publisher or publishers, proprietor or proprietors, shall furniflj or supply any other pafon or persons with any such damped paper, every such primer, publisher, or proprietor, shall for every such osscncc forfeit a sum of one hundred pounds fteiling, to be recovered by aiflion or information in any of your Majesty's courts of record in this kingdom, or by civil bill in the court of proper jjirifdickion, by any person or persons who shall sue for the same, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, and the other moiety thereof to the use of the person suing for the fame; and if any person or persons shall make use of any stamped paper for the priming of any newspaper, or other paper as aforesaid, which he, flie, or they shall receive, or be furnished with, by any other person or persons than the said commissioners, or their oflicers or distributors, every such person shall for every such offence, forfeit a sum of one hundred pounds, to be applied and recovered in like manner as the said last mentioned forfeiture is to be applied and recovered.

LIII. And forasmuch as it may be uncertain how many copies of such printed newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories may be fold: be it enacted, That the commissioners for managing the stamp duties, or any of them, or such of their oflicers as ili.il! be by them appointed in that behalf, shall and may cancel, or cause to be cancelled, all the flumps on such newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, which shall really and truly remain unfold in the hands of the person or persons, by or for whom the same shall be printed or published, and upon oath, or if a quaker, upon solemn affirmation, made before the said Commissioners, or any of them, or such officer, to the satisfaction of such commissioners, or any of them, or such officer as aforesaid, that all such newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, containing the stamps so tendered to be cancelled, arc really and truly remaining unfold in the hands of the person or persons by or for whom the fame were printed or published, and that none of the said ncu ipaper;., almanacks, aiul Dublin directories, have been fraudulently returned,

upon.

or

*55

The thirtieth Year of George III.

or re-bought, after the same shall have been fold and disposed of, or any profit or advantage made thereof ^which oath or affirmation the said commissioners, or any j ygo, of them, and the said officer respectively, are- or is hereby authorized to administer) Qiap. 16. and also to examine upon oath or affirmation into all the circuindances relating to I he felling or disposing of such newspaperc, almanacks, and Dublin directories, shall or may deliver, or cause to he delivered, the like number of other (beets, half (beets, or less pieces of paper properly stamped with the fame respective damps, upon payment made for such paper, but no duty shall be taken for the (lamps thereon.

LIV. Provided aKvavs, That where any almanack shall contain more than one piece of paper, it shall he sufficient to (lamp only one of the pieces of paper upon which such almanack shall be printed, and to pay the duty according’y.

I, V. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners, or any of them, or such of their otlicers as shall be by them appointed in that behalf, shall or may cancel or cause to be cancelled any stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, written or engrailed, which shall be inadvertently or undesignedly spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the purpose intended, and which shall not June been executed by any party or parties, and which shall not have been used for any other purpose or in any other manner whatsoever, nor any money or other coniideration paid or given to the attorney, solicitor, or other person employed to transact the bufiuefs intended to have been carried into execution by such writing or engroflment, or to the writer or cugrofler thereof, for the duty or duties marked, stamped, or imprdlrd thereon, and upon oath (or if a qtiaker upon solemn allirmation) made to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, or any of them, \ or of the said officer, which oath or affirmation, the said commissioners are, or any of them, and the said officer is hereby authorized to administer, that such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, so ungraded or written upon, or spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit fer the purpose iiuemled, hath not been executed by any party or parties, or used for any other purpose, or in any other manner whatever; and that no money or other confidt.ration hath been paid or given for the duty or duties marked, stamped, or impressed thereupon, save and except the money first paid for such duty or duties to the receiver-general of the stamp duties, or other proper officer appointed to coJIefl and receive the same, and the said commissioners are hereby required to (lamp or mark, or cause to be stamped or marked, for the several persons who shall bring and deliver any quantity of stamped vellum, or parchment, or paper, so written or engrailed upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or service, the like quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, with the several and respective duties stamped, marked, or impressed on the vellum, parchment, or paper, fa written or engrossed upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or service, without demanding or taking directly or indirectly for the fame, any sum of money or other consideration whatsoever; and the said commissioners for managing the stamp duties for the time being, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered, from time to time, to make such rules and orders for regulating the methods, and limiting the times fur such cancelling and allowance as aforesaid, with respect to newspapers, aimamnh, and Dublin directories, and other matters, as they shall upon experience and consideration of the several circumstances, find neccfliiry or convenient fur eflc&ually securing the duties thereon, and doing justjee to the persons concerned therein.

1,

VI. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, if any person or persons shall print, pub'ifli, fell, hawk, carry about, utter, or expose to fide any almanack or Qjl 2 calendar,

156 The thirtieth Year of George III.

calendar, or Dublin directory, or any newspaper, or any book, pamphlet, or 1790# paper, deemed or construed to be, or serving the purpose of any almanack, or

Chap l6 directory, or newl'paptr, or daily account of goods imported and exported,

except as before excepted, within the intention and meaning of this act, not being marked or damped, as by this act is directed, every such person shall for every fudi oli‘*nce forfeit the sum of forty shillings, to be recovered by any person who shall fuc for the fame :n a summ.try way, before any justice of the peace, who is hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, and upon due proof thereof upon oaih, and upon default of payment of the said penalty, to commit the often-tier to prison for one month, without bail or inuinprize; which laid penalty ib.d! be to the sole use and benefit of the person or persons, who Hull, without fraud or covin, tint fuc for the lame.

LVII. And whereas iiimv printers and puhliflters of newspapers, or dui\ accounts a.i aforesaid, by privately felling unllamped newspapers or daily account?, defraud your M.tje':y"& revenue, and injure the fair trader: for prevention whereof, be it enacted, That every printer or publifltcr of a newsp’per, or daily account of goods imported and exported (except as before excepted) primed or published in the city of Dublin, or county of Dublin, during the continuwr.ee of this act, shall on every day of publication, or the day following, between the iiours of twelve and two, on each day, caul'c to be delivered to the regiller of pamphlets, at the {lamp ollice in the said city of Dublin, one liamped in peflion or eopy of the said newspaper so printed or published; and every printer or pub-lilher of a newspaper, printed or published during the time aforesaid, in any other place in this kingdom, shall on the day of the publication of such newspaper, or on the day following, in like manner, between the hours of twelve and two, cause to be delivered to the next distributor of (lamps in the county in which such newspaper shall be printed or published, two impressions or copies of every such newspaper so primed or published, stamped as aforesaid, for which fevcraS copies or impresstons so delivered, the respective printers or publishers thereof, shall be paid the usual ami current prices of such imprelhons or copies; which said feveru! stamped copies or impreilions so delivered as aforesaid, shall be, amt they are hereby declared to be evidence against the several proprietors, pubiiftiers, amt printers of such newspapers reflectively, in all complaints, suits, actions, and prosecutions to he commenced and carried on, as well touching such newspapers respectively, as every matter and tiling contained therein, and touching any other newspaper, ami every matter and thing therein contained, which shall be of the I line title, purport, or effect, with such impression or copy so delivered as aforesaid, although the fame (liould vary in some instancs; and the printers, pub* liihers, and proprietors of the said damped impressions or copies so delivered as aforesaid, shall be deemed the printeis, publishers, and proprietors, respectively i*t all ntw Ipapers, which shall be of the fame title, purport, or effect, with such copies or impression* so delivered as aforesaid, unless such printers, or proprietors nijKCiive’.y, iiuli prove that inch newspapers respectively, were not printed or Mibiished by them respectively, ot by or with their knowledge, privity, or direction; am! every printer, proprietor, or publisher of such newspaper or newspapers, or daily account of goods imported and exported, except as before excepted, who shall neglect or omit to deliver, or cause to be delivered, such copy or impression as herein before directed, shall for every such omission pay a penalty of one hundred pounds; and every primer, proprietor, or publisher of any undamped news-p iper, or daily account as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for cvttv paper so undamped, which he or she shall print or publish, or cause to be printed or pubhflied, such penalties respectively to be recovered by any person or peiiuiis who shall lue for the fame, by action or information, in any of his Majesty’s

Tit thirtieth Year of George III. 157

courts cf record in this kingdom, or by ci\il bill at the of the A.

city or county of Dub.:!], or nt t!ic aiuius in such county wiure t!.e printer, proprietor, or publishcr of such ui.fuir.p.’d mv.ip.ijv.i or ne^fyaptrs, or drily accounts ns atorefiid, shall re:*do refyecijav.s <r Hull print aul puMiih ftx'i news-p.\per, or daily accounts, one moiety thereof to the i.fe oi your i'hjef.y, ami the oilier nmicty to the use of the person fui.ig for the same.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That any pafun uLo dull b-.,y ,r til , or have, or keep in Lis, her, or iL..ir poflilliun, any undamped nev.jpaper timing the continuance of this a-;, shall hz subj.cb and liable to the penalty of ten pounds (Icrling for every unft.unpcd ne\vfp.,per fu bought or sold, or so found in I,is, her, or their pcfielHon, such penalty to be recovered by civil bill, by any person who shall iue for the fame; one moiety of such penalty to be dispoted of to the poor of the parish in which such olVcncc shall be committed, and the other 10 the ufa of the iniormer.

LIX. Ami v/lur eas many printers and publishers of newspapers, fltikc off a fscoiid publication, containing move rulvtrdfemenia than are contained in the copy given in at the he:ul-oilice as aforesaid, or to the diiliibutor, if in the country, by which means your Majoily may be defrauded of the duties hereby granted: be it therefore csu£led, That any printer, or publisher, who shall vary any of the daily publications, or publish the lame, without giving in a copy of such second iniprcllton, if in Dublin, to the head-oilice aforesaid, or if in the country, to the distributeor of (lamps, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds (Idling to any person or persons who shall fuc for the fame in any court of record, by action, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, proteflion, or wager of law shall be allowed, or by civil bill in the proper court.

LX. And be it enacted, That every person who shall print or publish any advertisement or advertisements in any pamphlet, newsp.ipers, or other literary performance, shall within the space of thirty days after the printing or publication of such advertisement or advertisements, if the same shall be printed or publflhcd within the city of Dublin, pay or cause to be paid the duty cr duties thereon hereby charged, to the rd'peclive persons appointed to receive the same, or to their respective deputies or clerks j and if printed or published in any place out of the limits of the city of Dublin, then to the next adjacent head-officer for the time bein'g appointed for the collection of the said stamp duties; and the said commissioners and officers, or such of them to whom it shall appertain, are hereby required upon payment of the duties hereby charged on such advertisements, to give a receipt or receipts for the duty or duties hereby charged thereupon; and in default of such payment within the time herein before for that purpose limited, the printer or publishcr of every such advertisement shall be liable to pay to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, treble the duties herein before by this act chargeable thereupon, to be recovered with full colls of suit.

LXI. And be it enacted, That if any printer or publishcr of any newspaper, or other paper serving the purposes of a newspaper, shall for the space of forty days after printing or publishing such advertisement or advertisements, neglect to pay the duties hereby charged on advertisements, the said conimilfior.cr.s, and their oflicers for distributing stamped vellum, parchment, and paper respectively, are hereby prohibited to fell, and deliver to, or for the use of any such printer or publishcr so in arrear, any stamped paper for printing any newspaper, until such printer or publishcr shall have paid and discharged all arrears of such advertisement duty, to the payment of winch he was subject to and for the last day of the month, next preceding the month in which such payment shall be made.

Vou XV. Rr

1700. Chap. 16.

Chap. 16.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

LXII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons whatsoever, fuall at any time or times hereafter, counterfeit or serge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged any type, mark, or ft?.mp to resemble any type, mark, or (lamp already kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the head-office aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on vellum, parchment, and paper, or other matter directed to be stamped, any of the duties by this act charged thereon, or shall counterfeit, mark, or impress, or cause or procure to be counterfeited, marked, or impressed on any vellum, parchment, or paper, any mark or device to resemble any mark or device used or kept at the head-office aforesaid for denoting the charging or marking on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter or thing directed to be ihmped, any of the duties by this act charged thereon, thereby to defraud your Majesty, your heirs or successoTS, of any of the duties hereby granted *, or shall utter, vend, or fell, or cause to be uttered, vended, or fold, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with any counterfeit device, mark, or impression thereupon, to resemble any mark or device used or kept at the head-office aforesaid, for the purposes aforesaid, knowing such device, mark, or impression to be counterfeited \ then, every fuel) person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall fufler death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That from the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, no person or persons shall publickly o; privately insure or open, or keep any office for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire in this kingdom, without first taking out a license for that purpose, from the said commissioners for managing the stamp duties, in manner herein after mentioned.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this act, the said commissioners for the time being, or the major part ef them, shall under their hands and seals, grant a license for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes or other property, from loss by fire, to all and every body and bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons applying for the fame \ which license shall set forth the name or names and other description of the body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons taking out the fame, and also the principal house or other place where such business of Insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, and merchandizes, or other property from loss by fire, shall, at the time of taking out such license, be principally carried on by the body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons taking out the same.

LXV. And be it enacted, That all and every person and persons, and body and bodies politick or corporate, who are or which during the time aforesaid, shall infuie or set up, or keep any office for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property from loss by fire, without the authority of such license as aforesaid, or in any other house or place, except the house or place to be named in the license under which such body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons shall act; or such other house or houses, place or places, as shall be subordinate to the house or place to be named in such license, and be kept by some person or persons employed as agent or agents to any such body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons having such license as aforesaid, or in any other manner contrary to such license, or to the intent and meaning of this act, Shall forfeit for every day on which such offence shall be committed, the sum of fifty pounds, and also double the amount of the premiums of insurance which fudi body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person shall receive on any such day.

The thirtieth Year of George III. , 159

LXVI. And be it enacted, That all and every person and persons, and body and A.D. bodies politick or corporate, to whom any such License as aforesaid shall be granted, 171)0. shall at the time of receiving such license, give security, with sufficient fureucs, to 16.

be approved of by the major part of the faii commissionen;, by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in such sums as the fad cor.imissioners may think reasonable, so as the fame do not exceed the probable amount of the duty payable by such body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons lvfpcttively for half a year, with condition that if such person or persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate, shall faithfully make out, sign, and deliver an account of all money received for such duties upon infuvances, and well and truly make payment of all such sums of money as shall be due and payable thereon to your Majesty, in pursuance of, and according to the true intent and meaning af this act, and also truly and faithfully observe and perform all the directions, matters and things herein contained on his, her, or their behalf to be observed and performed, such bond shall be void, but otherwise to remain in full force.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That every License to be taken under this att, shall have force only from the day of granting the fame, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inc'uflve, and no longer; but if a License shall be granted to two or more persons, and any or either of them shall die before the said twenty-fifth day of March, it shall continue in force during the time aforesaid, for the benefit of the survivor or survivors of the persons licensed.

LXVIII. And be it emitted, That where such business of insuring is carried on by companies, consisting of a greater number of partners than four, the License so to be granted by the said commissioners in manner -..foresaid, shall be granted to such two or more of any such company or partners, as and for the whole company or partnership as shall be named to the said commissioners, under authority from such company or partnership, and in every such case, the License shall continue in full force until such rime as aforesaid, from the day of granting the fame, notwithstanding the deaths of the persons to whom such License shall be granted, for the benefit of such company or partnership.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons, and body and bodies politick or corporate, so to be licensed as aforesaid, who from ami after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall grant any policy of insurance for insuring property from loss by fire, or shall continue to insure on any policy, shall by themselves or such other person or persons as are, is, or shall be employed by, or under them, previoafly to the granting or continuing such policy of insurance, demand, and receive for the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, of and from the person or persons, whose property shall be so insured, the sum of one shilling for every sum of one hundred pounds for which such policy shall be so made or continued, arid so in proportion fur any less sum, and shall give a receipt for the duty fopaid, as and for one year’s duty on such insurance, from the day of the date of the policy thereof, and in tic* fault of receiving such year's duty i:i manner aforesaid, such person or persons, or body or bodies politick and corporate, so granting such policy, shall be accountable to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, for the fold ycaiX duty, as if the same had bcenattually received.

LXX. And for the more effectual prevention of frauds to cvVe the duty on insurances against loss by fire: be it cnatted, That if any person or persons shall act as agent or agents, for any person or persons, bonies politrk cr corpor.de, in publicity or privately insuring or receiving subscriptions fer insuring, or delivering ouc policies or receipts for insurance against loss by fire, except for such pvrfen or pull r 2 fens,

100 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

fins, Levies politick or corporate, as shall he duly licensed ap. r.fi.tcfr.iJ, every such I 79O. p-rAn fliaiJ h.r cv- ry fujli offence forfeit the fern of one huri.’rtci pours:*.; and if

Cluvyj. l6. any p^fm or pi-rfim?, v. hnfe house or houses, furniture, goods, w.:rer, inrrclm-v—- v ' di/eii, or c/tar property, fitr *te or being in this kingdom, ff ail he ar any time le-tv.wti the tvemy-fifiit <! iy of M.ird>, 0 iv thousand seven hundred and nim.ty, and the twc-ity-fist'i (!.>y i‘ Mate!), one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclu-fivr, infiiv^l from !uf; by lire, by any p;rfim or p'.'rfons, or bodies p-dtikk or ccr-poiv’e, iiot refid' in in this kingdom, Anil omit, or negle-l to pr.y the find com-imfiioivrs the like deev r.fnr the rale of ore lni'ISng for every one hummed pounds, as if fuels insurance wire made by my person or periods licensed nuriu.mt to this act, every such pirlV.n (!.ad forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such onufnon or neglect, Use said penalties respectively to be recover’d by any person who fli.ul fuc for the fame by hi!), action, or information, in which no dioigu, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed, or by civil bill in the court of proper juris* diction.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That every person or persons, who shall at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one inclusive, entitle himself or herself, or themselves, to the benefit of any such insurance, Urall forthwith, on his, her, or their becoming so entitled, pay, or enufe to be paid to the insurer or insurers, the duties aforesaid; and such insurer or in-, furors shall on every such payment, give a printed or written receipt for such duties to the person or persons paying the fame; and in case of any default of payment of such duty within the time, or in maimer aforesaid, and before any loss (halt be fudained, the policy of insurance, in respect of which such duty shall accrue, shall, so far as regards the iufured, be void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

JAXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of taking out a new policy ofinsurance before the expiration of an old policy, for the hike of insuring a greater or different sum, the fame proportionable abatement which the insurer or snfurers shall make in respect to the premium of insurance, shall be made of the duty which under this act shall accrue on the new policy.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That all ami every body and bodies politick and corporate, or other person or persons who under this act shall obtain a licensc for any office of insurance against loss by fire, shall, from time to time, keep a true and faithful account in writing, in which shall be inforted the number of the policy orinflrument of insurance, which from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall be issued or granted, or continued by such body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons, the name or names of the person or persons insuring, with the place or places of his, her, or their abode, the sum insured, and the time for which the same shall be so iufured, and also the day of the month and the date of the year tn which such policy shall be issued *, which account shall at all times be open for the inspection of any person or persons duly authorized under the hands and seals of the saidcommUfioners for the stamp duties, or the major part of them, to iufpcft the same.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That ali and every body and bodies politick and . corporate, and other person or persons who shall have any license under this act, for any insurance office, shall, from time to time, within the space of two months after the twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, or at such other times after the expiration of the said two months, as may be appointed by the

major

The thirtieth Year of George III. l6l

major part of the fain commissioners of the stamp duties, giving a previous publick A.D. notice of fourteen days or more, byadvertifumentin the Dublin Gazette, deliver, or *790. cause to be delivered to the Did commissioners, or to the person or persons appointed Chap. 16. by them to receive the same at the head office of the Did commissioners, true copies of the accounts herein before directed to be kept by such licensed insurance office or offices, body or bodies politick or corporate, or such other licensed person or persons, for the quarter which flj«t!I have been completed before such day of delivery or notice, ns the case shall be, and at the same time (half pay all such sum and films as shall appear to be due on such accounts to the receiver-general for the time being, for receiving the said duties for the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, at the said head-office, upon pain of forfeiting for every such default in not delivering true copies of such accounts, the sum of five hundred pounds; and for every default in payment of the money due on such account, double the amount of the said monies due on the said account at the time of such default.

LXXV. And whereas it is and hath been the custorn for publick notaries to note bills of exchange for non-payment or non-acceptance, and not protest the fame in proper form of law, by which the payment of the duties upon such noting or notarial acts has been, and may be evaded: for remedy whereof, be it enacted,

That every publick notary shall once in every two months, during the time afore-Did, deliver to the said commissioners of stamp duties, or some person authorized by them, at the head-office to receive the same, a faithful and true account in writing, and upon oath, of such bills of exchange as aforesaid, which shall have been noted by such publick notary, and fitall at the same time pay unto the receiver-general of the stamp duties the sum of two shillings and six pence for every such bill of exchange which shall be so noted by them, over and above the duty payable to his Majesty upon protesting the fame bill or bills, in case the owner or owners, holder or holders thereof shall at any time thereafter think proper to protest the same.

LXXVI. And in case any publick notary shall neglect to account as aforesaid, or to pay the duties aforesaid, every such publick notary shall for every such neglect or default in delivering a true account of such noting, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds} and for every default of payment of the money due on such account, double the amount of the monies due on such account at the time of such default.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That the said receiver-general of the stamp duties at the head-office, or other person or persons duly appointed by the major part of the said commissioners to receive the duties upon insurances against loss by fire, by this a£V imposed, shall make an allowance to all and every person and persons, body and bodies politick or corporate, so to be licensed as aforesaid respectively, for their own use and trouble in receiving the said duties, and nuking out such accounts as herein directed, after the rate of one fhiiling in the pound out of the monies by them accounted for and paid to such receiver-general, or such other person or persons aforesaid, according to the directions herein contained.

LXXVIII. And to prevent frauds on your Majesty, by persons insuring lottery tickets, by making a policy of insurance, originally intended to insure one ticket against the drawing of any particular clay, serve for a policy of insurance of such ticket, or of any other ticket, against the drawing of another day, or other days: be it enacted, That in every such policy of insurance there shall be written the day of the drawing, against which the ticket described in such policy is to be insured, and the date of the contract or policy of insurance, and such policy shall be in the form following:

Ss

162

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D. 1790. Chap. 16.

Nc.

Irish

or

British

Lottery for the year one thousand seven hundred and

Irish

A.B. being actually possessed of the ticket numbered as above in the present or lottery,

British

If7* underwritten, m eonfderation of

from him or her received, do promise to pay to him or hert or his or her ajsignsy the sum of or to return him

or her an undrawn ticket, in case the number belonging to the fa'td ticket be or be not drawn (orbey or be Mt drawn 0 blank or prize, as the case may be) on the Irish

day of drawing of the present or lottery, and on no other day*

Eritifli

Dated this day of one thousand seven hundred and

- V Lieenfed T For A.B. and

Loitery-Qjfce, No. > C. D.

Street* j Signed E. F.

And if any such policy of insurance be used for the insuring of such ticket, or of any other ticket for any other day than the day so expressed in such policy, or if there be any ctafure, or any alteration of any day or date in such policy, or of the number of the ticket therein contained, or of any policy for insuring a lottery ticket be made In any other form than as aforesaid, every such policy shall be void, and the person or persons lieenfed to ifiuc policies of insurance at the office where such policy shall be issued, and the person writing or issuing such policy therein for him, her, or them, shall respectively forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and every such person so offending, upon the view of any justice of the peace, or being thereof convicted by the oath of any credible witness before any justice of the peace, shall, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, be committed to gaol until he or she shall have paid the saidfum of fifty pounds, and the license granted to the person or persons keeping such lottery office, shall from such conviction be deemed void to all intents and purposes whatever; and no officer appointed to stamp vellum, parchment, or paper, with any of the duties by this act imposed, shall mark or stamp any vellum, parchment, or paper, intended to be used for any purpose referring or relating to any lottery established in Great Britain, or in this kingdom, with the duties hereby imposed on policies of insurance of lottery tickets, unless there be first printed on such vellum, parchment, or paper, the form of words aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting for every such offence the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, to the use of the person who shall sue for the same.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be a condition in the bond to be executed by persons taking out licenses to fell, or otherwise deal in lottery tickets, and their sureties, that such person shall well and truly conform to, and observeall such Tules, regulations, and provisions, as by any act of parliament' then of force in this kingdom

The thirtieth Year of George III. 163

kingdom shall be required, relative to the insuring of lottery tickets, so far as he,A.D.

she, or they, shall be concerned therein.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, out of the produce of the duties hereby granted, to cause such fumand sums of money to be expended and paid from time to time, for salaries and other incident charges, as null be necessary in and for the receiving, collecting, levying, or managing of the said duties, any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That all and every the officer and officers who shall be concerned in the levying, collecting, and receiving the duties arising by this act, shall keep separate and distintt accounts thereof, and that the several persons employed to collect and levy the said duties in the city or county of Dublin, shall pay the same in specie into your Majesty's treasury, on the first Monday in every month, unless it be a holiday, and then on the next day which shall not be a holiday*, and the several persons employed to levy and collect the said duties in other parts of this kingdom, shall pay the same in like manner, and at the like times, to the several collectors of the inland excise of the respective districts in which the same shall be received and collected*, and such collectors of inland excise are hereby authorized and required to receive and give receipts for the fame Without fee or reward, and to keep distinct accounts thereof; and every stamp officer shall in six days after his making any payment into your Majesty's treasury, or to any of the said collectors, give notice of the amount of such payments to the commissioners for managing the stamp duties; and if such officers, or any of them, shall neglect or omit to pay the duties so by lum levied and collected at the time, or in manner aforesaid, or shall detain any part of the monies by them collected and received, then and for such offence he or they shall be dismissed from his or their employment, and be rendered incapable to serve your Majesty, your heirs or successors, and be charged with interest for the monies so detained, in his and their hands, aftetthe rate of twelve pounds per centum per annumt the same to be recovered by action, suit, information, or by any other of the means whereby debts may be recovered by your Majesty, your heirs and successors, from publick accounts or debtors.

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That there shall be kept in your Majesty's treasury, one book in which all monies that shall be paid into the treasury by virtue of this act, shall be entered apart and distinct from all other monies paid or payable to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That the comptroller of the duties hereby granted, shall certify once in every week to the accountant-general, the amount of the stamp duties paid by the distributors or other officers of the stamp duties, to the several collectors of the inland excise; and that every such distributor shall likewise certify to the accountant-general once in every month, the full amount of the sums paid by Kim on account of the said duties, to any collector or collectors of inland excise, specifying the name of such collector, and the respective times of payment, and the balance remaining in his hands; and if such comptroller, or distributor shall neglect to certify in manner aforesaid, he shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That all such collectors of inland excise, shall, as to all such stamp duties so by them received, be subject and liable to the fame mode of account, and the fame regulations as they are, and shall be subject to in xespect of any other duties by them collected.

1790-Chap. 16.

LXXXV. Ami

164 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D. 1.XXXV. And be it enacted, That none of the duties granted by this act, shall 17yo. be received or collet!ed by, or paid to the said commissioners for managing the Chap. 16 stan, P Juries* and that the several persons who have been, or shall be respectively employed in receiving, collecting, or paying the several duties by this act, or any of the said former acts granted, shall, when called upon for that purpose, exhibit their nJpeftive accounts of such duties to the conimiHioners for takingimpreft accounts for the time being, or the major part of them, who shall and are hereby respectively authorized and required from time to time, to examine upon oath the persons who shall be employed in railing, receiving, or collecting the said duties as to their accounts\ and as to the sum or sums of money which was, or were by them, or any of them respectively raised, collected, or received within the time of such their accounts, and likewise what part thereof was by them, or any of them paid into the receipt of your Majesty's exchequer, or to the collectors of the inland excise as aforesaid, and in accounting before the said commissioners, or the major . part of them, they are to produce proper vouchers for any sum or sums of money so by them raised, received and paid j and the said commissioners of imprest accounts, or the major part of them, are hereby authorized and required finally to adjust and settle such accounts, and to give discharges to the said several accountants.

LXXXVL. And be it enacted, That when the accounts of the money received for the said several duties shall have been so audited, the same shall be signed by the said commissioners of imprest accounts, or the major pare of them, and shall be at all times to the officers therein concerned, a full and sufficient warrant and discharge to all intents and purposes.

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures imposed by this act, unless otherwise directed, may be recovered by any person who shall fuc for the fame by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of your Ma-jeily’s courts of record at Dublin, in which no essoign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, one moiety thereof to (lie use of your Majesty, and the other moiety to the use of the person fuingfor the same.

hXXXVlIJ. And be it enacted, That a separate and difiiuft account af ail monies arising by the duties mentioned in the said schedule on licenses to keep lottery offices, and on all policies of insurance of lottery tickets shall be kept by the several proper officers, and that the fame or a sufficient part thereof shall be paid and applied to defray the charges and expences of managing and drawing any lottery or lotteries in this kingdom, In such manner as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being shall direct, and that the residue, if any, Hull be applied towards defraying the expences of your Majesty's government.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That n separate and distinct account of a moiety of all monies arising by the duties on almanacks and calendars, and by the duty on Dublin directories, mentioned in the said schedule, shall be kept by the several proper officers, and that the same shall be applied by the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his, or their deputy or deputies, in the first place, towards the discharge of the interest of the sum of three thousand pounds granted last session of parliament, by an act passed in the said session, entitled, An act for granting the

jtvtral sums therein mentioned, for certain pul-tic ups, and fzr the other purpzfes therein

nentiznedy to the provost, fellows, and scholurs of the college of the holy and undivided trinity of Queen Elizabeth, near Dublin, for the purposes in the said act mentioned, and that the residue thereof be applied towards defraying the necessary expeiiccs of your Majesty's government.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

XC. And be it enacted, That neither the six pence p:r pound, nor any other fee, A.D. shall be payable to, or be deducted or received by the vice-treasurer or vice- l/'90« treasurers, receiver or paymaster-general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer Chap. l0. or officers of this kingdom, for their use, for or on account of the bluing or t—-V'-O payment of any sum or sums of money anting by, or which shall be received for, or on account of the aids by tins act granted, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this act, but that the same shall be received and duly accounted for to your Majesty, your heirs and successors.

XCf. And be it enacted, That the schedule hereunto annexed, shall be deemed and taken to be a part of this act, to all intents and purposes.

Tt

A SCH2-

166

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A. . i

iyyo. A SCHEDULE of the several Duties to be paid on every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Piece or Sheet of Paper, on which shall be engrossed or written, or printed, any of the Articles, or Things therein set forth.

FOR every skin or piece of vellum, or parchment, or piece or flicet of paper, on which shall be engrafted, written, or printed, the following articles, the duties following shall be respectively paid:

ARTICLES, Duties.

Any license to keep a lottery oflice ioo ©

Any dispensation to hold two ecclesiastical dignities or benefices, or both a dignity and a benefice, or any other dispensation or faculty from the lord archbishop of Armagh, or nialler of the faculties for the time being p o

Any grant or letters patent under the great seal of Ireland, of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchise, liberty or privilege to any pert'on or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or exemplification of the fame, commissions of rebellion in process always excepted — — «; o

Any grant from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any sum of money, exceeding two hundred pounds, which shall pass the great

seal of Ireland — —90

Any grant of any office or employment which shall be above the value

of two hundred pounds per annum - 0

Any admission of any fellow of the college of physicians, of any clerk, advocate, proctor, notary, or other officer or officers in any court whatsoever, except such officer be an annual officer in any corporation or inferior court, whose office is under the value of ten pounds a year in salary, fees, or other perquisites, or any appeal from the court of admiralty, or the prerogative court, or

at any archiepiscopal court ----- 6 0

Any admission of any student in the society of King’s-Inns 10 o

Any admission of any barrister into the Inns of Court ----- 10 0

Auy pardon (except the pardon passed in forma pauperis) of or for any crime or offence, or of any money or forfeiture whatsoever, or of any warrant or reprieve, relaxation from any fines, corporal punishment, or other forfeiture — — 4 c

Any grant from lus Majesty, his heirs or successors of any sum of money not exceeding two hundred pounds, nor less than one hundred pounds, which shall pass the great seal of Ireland — 4 0

Any grant of any office or employment which shall be above the value of fifty pounds per annum) and under the value of two hundred pounds per annum ——

Any

A.

o

o

400

The thirtieth Year of George III.

ARTICLES.

Any grant of lands in fee, lease for years, or other grant or profit not herein pmicuhrly charged, that shall pass the great seal of the exchequer (cnjhtliam leases excepted) — -r-

Any presentution or donation which shall pate the great foal of Ireland, or upon which any collation to be made by any archbishop or hilltop, of any presentation or donation to be made by any patron whatsoever, of or to any benefice, dignity, or spiritual or ccclen.tfl.ieal promotion whatsoever, of the value of one hundred pounds a year And if of the value of two hundred pounds a year, or upwards, the value to be afevrtained by certificate of the archbishop or vicar-general of the diocese; provided always, That two or more benefices cpifcop.dly united, shall be deemed ami taken to be one benefice only -

Any indenture for binding an apprentice to an attorney «— —

And a further duty for the fame ——

Anyadmission of any attorney into every court into which lie shall be admitted an attorney —

Any commission that shall be issued from any court whatsoever for

taking affidavits —

Any exemplification of what nature soever, that shall pass the seal of any court whatsoever -

Any institution that shall pass the seal of any archbishop, bishop, chancellor, or other ordinary or ecclesiasticalcourt whatsoever; provided, that an institution to two or more benefices episcopally united, shall be conftdcred as an institution to a single benefice ——

Any conveyance, surrender of grants or ofliccs, relcafe or other deed whatsoever, which shall be enrolled of record in any of the courts of the city of Dublin, or in any court of recovd whatsoever Any exemplification of a decree of the court of chancery under the great seal ——

Any sentence that shall be given in the court of admiralty, or any attachment that shall be made out of the said court of admiralty, or any relaxation of any such attachment Any writ of covenant for levying a fine -

Any writ of entry for fulFering a common recovery -

Aliy commission issued out of any ecclesiastical court not herein before

particularly charged —

Any warrant, monition, or personal decree in the court of admiralty,

except in suits for payment of seamen’s wages -

Any probate of a will, or letters of administration for any eft.ate above the value of thirty pounds, and not of the value of one hundred pounds ——

If of the value of one hundred pounds, and not of the value of three

hundred pounds ——

If of the value of three hundred pounds, and not of the value of

six hundred pounds ——

If of the value of six hundred pounds, and not of the value of one thousand pounds ——

If of the value of one thousand pounds, and npv/ards Tt:

i07

Duties.

£.u J.

A.D. 1790. Chap. 15.

3

3 e

6 o © a o o 700

300

1 O 4

0 1; a

O 15 4

O76

076

0 7 (* 076 07 6

07 6

07 6

054

O JO 0

100

( 10 o 2 0 0

Any

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A> D. ' ARTICLES.

1790.

Cllar. l(). Any writ of error, ctrtkr&ri, or appeal, except to the delegates

j\ay receipt or other discharge for any legacy left by any will or other testamcnMi y instrument, or for any (lure or part of a persona! eft.uc, divided by force of the (lattice of distributeions, the amount where-of A.all not exceed twenty pounds, except such legacies as shall be left to the wife, children, or gland children, of the person making such will or tdiament.iry iuilrument, or Hull be divided amongst

them by force of the f.iid statute ——

Where the amount thereof, shall be of the value of twenty pounds, and not amounting to one hundred pounds, except as aforesaid Where the amount thereof, Hull be of the value of one hundred pounds and upwards, except as aforesaid ——

Any recognizance conditioned for the payment of money, or performance of covenants, or agreements, statute staple, or statute merchant, or entered of record in any court or office, except such recognizances as shall be entered into by persons applying for licenses to fell by retail, beer, ale, wine, (Irong waters, or other liquors, which recognizances shall be considered as bonds, and shall pay accordingly ——

Any record of ttiftpriut, or pojlea, -

Every judgment whatsoever, which shall be signed by the matter of any office, or his deputy, or secondary, or by any prothonotary, or his second.try, deputy or clerk, or any other officer belonging to any of the courts of the city of Dublin, who have power, or usually do or fh.dl sign judgments -

Any bill, answer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depositions taken by commissioners, or any pleadings whatsoever in the courts of chancery or exchequer, save and except exceptions to answers Hied in the f.iid courts -

Any indenture, lease, or deed-poll not otherwise charged, except indentures of apprenticcship, where no apprentice fee shall be given, or if any be given, such apprentice fee shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds, and also except indentures for binding poor parish, or other children supported by publick or private charities, and also except indentures binding apprentices to attornies —

Any charter party, policy of insurance, passport or any protest, procuration, letter of attorney, except warrants of attorney for judgments on bonds, or any other notarial aft whatsoever -

Any admission into any corporation or company -

Auy decree or dismission made by or in the courts of chancery or ex-

Any writ of habeas corpus -

Any special bail to be taken in any of the courts of the city of Dublin, or before any of the judges of the said courts, or in any court

Any common bail to be filed in any court whatsoever, and any appearance that (Hall be made on such bail - 1

Any affidavit, except such affidavits as shall be taken before the officers of his Majesty's customs or excise, or any justice or justices of the peace, or before a magistrate of any corporation acting as a justice

ef

Duties. £ ' d.

O5®

0 2 6

o 5 o

1 o 0

050

050

05©

026

0 2 ’ 6

0 26 020

© 16 010

or© © 1 o

The thirtieth Year of George III.

169

ARTICLES.

of the peace, or afling in any court of confidence, or of a summary jurililictiun, or before any judge of allr/e, cr commission of oyer am) terminer relative to prosecutions or trials or indiclmews, or to civil bills, or that shall be made for the purpose of railing or accounting for the public money, and except affidavits made rj..live to the hempen and linen manufactures, or to the payment of corn premiums, or made before the trustees of any turnpike, relative to the roads or tolls of such turnpikes, or affidavits made before the

Dublin society ——

Any copy of such affidavit which shall he read in any court whatsoever — — — —> ——

Any original writ (except such original upon which a writ of caj>'hisiffucs) fuhpcena, writ of ctspitts quzmlnus^ writ of pstrjtjtrn?,

to take answers, examine witnessirs, or appoint guardians, or any other writ whatsoever, or any other process or mandate that Hull issue out of or pass the seal of any of the courts of the city of Dublin, or any other court whatsoever, holding pica where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above, or the thing in

demand is of th.it value ——

Any entry of any action in the mayor’s, or IherilTs court*, of the ciry of Dublin, and in courts in all coi portions, ami other courts whatsoever, out cf which no writs, process, or mandate ifiuc, holding plea where the debt or damage doth amount to forty ft;il-

lings or above -

Any rule or order, except in causes prosecuted upon indictments, or which relate to preferments made or given in any of the courts at the city of Dublin, either courts of law or equity which (liaJI

be taken out ——

Any copy of such rules or orders, except in canfcs prosecuted upon indictments, or which relate to pretemments entered, or the copies of any other record or proceedings in any of the said courts of- the said city of Dublin, not hereby otherwise charged -

Any citation or monition made in the prerogative court, or in any ec* elefiaflical court, or any libel or allegation, deposition, an fiver, sentence or decree, or any inventory exhibited in die prerogative court, or in any ccclcfiastical court, or in the court of admiralty, or whereupon any copies of them respectively shall be cngruflld or written, except in suits for recovery cf seamen’s wages ’ -

Any warrant of attorney, for entering judgment on any bond -

Anv release, contract, bond, or other obligatory instrument-----

Any memorial f any deed, conveyance, will, or devise, winch shall be rigiltered in the* publick office for regifiering such memorials

above all duties payable thereon ——

£.ich and every exception or exceptions to any answer fled in any court of equity in this kingdom ——

And a further duty for the fame, :fter the rate of one shilling fur every ninety words ulnYh each and every exception find contain, over and above the firII ninety words -

A.D.

EuTint.

j. '75°V L Chap- I0,

0 I 0

« O 2

0 t

9I

O I

Ot9

O f

O I O

0 I9

9I O

0 I 3

91

And

The thirtieth Year of George III.

J70

A.D.

1790-

Chap. s6.

ARTICLES.

Anil a further duty upon each and every such exception, over and above

the first ten exceptions -

And a further duty for the fame, after the rate of two shillings and six pence for every ninety words which each and every such exception

shall contain, over and above the first. ninety words -

Any copy of any will attested by the proper officer of the prerogative court, or any ecclesiastical court -

Any infuranpeof a lottery ticket -

Any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or other pleadings whatsoever, in any court of Jaw, or any copy thereof Any depositions taken in the court of chancery, or court of exchequer, except the paper drafts of such depositions taken by virtue of any commission before they are engrossed, which are not herein before charged ——

Any copy of any bill, answer, plea, demurrer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depositions, or other proceedings whatsoever, taken in the court of chancery, or court of exchequer, or in any

court of equity ~___ ,—

Every almanack or calendar for any one particular year, or for any time less than a year, which* shall be printed on one side only of any one (beet or piece of paper only, and which shall not be afterwards

bound or separated into leaves ——

Every other almanack or calendar for any one panicufar year —

Every almanack or calendar made to serve for several years, the ref-

pettive rates of one penny «—

And two pence shall be paid for every such year as aforesaid — Every Dublin directory -

Every paper containing public news, intelligence, or occurrence Any instrument entitling any person or persons exporting any goods, wares or merchandizes, to any drawback or bounty on exporting

the fame -

Any Ucenfc for retailing wine, beer, ale, spirits, or cider

Duties.

0 2 6

0 2 6

0 0 2 0 0 6

0 0 2

09I

001

092

0 0 4

o o t

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 I

0 0 I 0*1

CHAP.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

CHAP. XVII,

An Act to continue the Efflfl of an Act, Entitled, An Act for the further Amendment of the Law relative to the Regifering of Freeholders.

WHEREAS it is expedient, that the effect of an act, which passed in this kingdom in the last session of parliament, entitled, " An act for the further amendment of the law relative to the regifiering of freeholders," should be continued for a limited time: be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no person whole freehold is of the clear yearly value of ten pounds, and who shall not have registered the fame previous to the passing of this act, in manner prescribed by the laws now in force respecting the fame, shall be precluded from voting at any election for a member or members to serve in parliament, which shall be held before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, on account of his not having registered the same.

II. And be it enacted, That whenever the freeholders oath shall be administered to any such person offering his vote at any election, for a member or members to serve in parliament, to be held before the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall not be necessary for such persons to insert in the said oath, the words one hundred pounds, in the place of the words ten pounds, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Fialinltlcn of 10l. per annum, not registered before the of-

sing of tilts ad, mn pre-eluded ftoiu voting h fn.e 25th M-.ult, 1792.

Not nere f.

fary to ii.Jm in oath, <ite vunis cue hiiiidiol

jlUlihfJtt, j.|

the place «f

the SVtift!'

ten potu.gH.

Du s

CHAP.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.* D.

CHAP. XVIII.

An Act for I'unifiag I\ 7a tiny and Deferrion^ and for the better Payment of lie Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

Jipffj. ^TTSTIIEUEAS the railing r.r keeping a (landing army within this kingdom, V? in time of peace, ur.!ef$ it be with the consent of parliament, is against law: and whereas it is judged necessary by his Majesty, and this present parliament, tint a body of forces shouM be continued for the safety of this kingdom, and tliC defence of the pofillfior.s of his Majesty's crown; and that the whole number of such forces should conllft of fifteen thousinul two hundred and thirty-two men; whereof twelve thou find men, commissioned and nomcommissioned officers included, shall be kept within this kingdom, for the necessary defence of the fame at all times, except in cases of invasion or rebellion in Great Britain: and whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers, and according to the known and established law of this realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite for the re* tabling all the before mentioned forces :n their^ duty, that an c\a£l difctplinc be observed, and that soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up sedition, or shall deficit his Majesty's service, be brought to a more exemplary and fipeedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritu.d and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person being muflered, or in pay as an officer, or who is or shall be enlisted or in pay as a ibldicr, shall at any time during the continuance of this atih, begin, excite, cause, or join in any mutiny or sedition in the regiment, trocp, or company to which he doth belong, or in any other regiment, troop, or company, either of his Majesty's land or marine forces in his Majesty's service, or shall not use his utmost endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny, or intended mutiny, shall not without delay give information thereof to Ins commanding officer; or shall misbehavc hhr.-ftlf before the enemy, or shall flmmefully abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, post or guard committed to his charge, or winch he shall be commanded to defend, cr shall compel the governor or commanding officer of any garrison, fortress, or post, to deliver up to the enemy, or to abandon the fame, or shall speak words, or use any other means to induce such governor or commanding oilicer or oilier?, to misbehavc before the enemy, or flnmefully to abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, post or guard, committed to their respective charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend, or shall leave his poll before relieved, or shall be found deeping on his post, or shall hold corresponder.ee with, or give advice or intelligence to any rebel, or enemy of his Majesty, either by letters, mcfcgcs, signs, or tokens, in any manner or way whatfioever, or (Hail treat or enter into any terms with such rebel, or enemy, without his Mujdlv’s licensc, or license of the general, or chief commander, or shall strike, or use any violence against his superior officer, being in the execution of his office, or shall disobey any lawful command of his superior officer, or stir.ll desert his Majesty’s

service;

The thirtieth Year of George III. 173

fen-ice j all and every person or persons so offending in ar.y of the matters before A.

mentioned, shall fuller death, or such other punishment as by a court martial fiiaU \

bewared. Chap. 18.

II. Provided, a*'d it is hereby declared and enacted, That any non-commissioned officer or soldier, enacted or in pay in any regiment, troop, or company, who shall, without having full obtained a regular discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other regiment, troop, or company, shall be deemed to have deserted his Majesty's service, and shall in like manner fusser death, or such other punish-rnent as by a court martial shall be awarded.

III. And whereas doubts bave arisen whether soldiers who of right belong to another corps in which they first enlisted, and from which they have not obtained a discharge, may be proceeded against and tried for deferring any corps in which they may afterwards have enlilled, or for any crime committed by them wlrilft serving therein: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person who is or Hull be enlisted or in pay as a soldier, in any regiment, troop, or company in his Majesty's service, shall desert the fame, or shall, while serving therein, commit any offence against this eel, or against the rules or articles of war, such person shall be liable to be tried by a court martial, and punished in like manner as if he had originally enlisted in, and of right belonged to the fame, notwithstanding it shall have been discovered or known that he had previously belong* eff to some other regiment, troop, or company, and not been discharged therefrom.

IV. Provided always, That if such person shall be claimed by such other regiment, troop, or company, and be proceeded against as a deserter therefrom, his subsequent desertion from any one or more corps in which he may have unwarrantably enlisted, may unless lie shall already have been tried for the fame, be given in evidence as an aggravation of his crime, previous notice being always given to such deserter, of the fact or facts intended to be produced in evidence upon his trial.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his Majesty may from time to time by his royal commission, empower the lord lieutenant of this kingdom, or other chief governor or governors of the fame for the time being, to appoint general courts martial, from time to time, as well as to direct his or their warrant to any general officer having the chief command of a body of forces within this kingdom, authorizing him to convene general courtsmartial, as occasion may require, for the trial of offences committed by any of the forces under his command 5 all which general courts martial . Dial} be constituted, and shall regulate their proceedings according to the several provisions herein after specified.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and foT such courts martial by their sentence or judgment, to iiiflidt corporal punishmem, not extending to life or limb, on any soldier for immoralities, nrilhehaviour, or neglect of duty.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no general court martial which shall be held under the authority of this act, shall consist of a left number than thirteen commissioned officers, ami the president of such general court martial shall not be the commander in chief nor governor of the ganifon where the offender shall be tried, nor under the degree of a field officer, unless where a field officer cannot be had, nor in any csfe whatsoever under the degree of a captain*, and that all general courts martial shall have power and authority, and are hereby required to administer an oath to every witness in order to the examination or trial of any of the offences that shall come before them.

Vol. XV. X x VIII. Pro-

174 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A, X). VIII. Ih'0\ided always, rl liat in all trials by general ecu: t> martial, to be held I "rjO. by iitue of this ;ufl, every member afll.Hm; at such ttla!, befmc any proceedings Chap. i ,'j bo had thiraupcn, ih;dl take ti.c following n*:iis upon the lady evangehlls, before c—^ ;hc judge advocate, or hia deputy, (v. ho are hereby aiubom'ol to admiiufter tiiC f.t:uc} tli.it is to shy, ct you ii.all v.cll and truly try ami determine according to f‘ your evidence in the matter now mth>re yuu."

So help you God.

1 A. 15, ih fw.That I icii! ihh adminifer j:, fee, aerra'irp to tie rules am! ar-ti.hsfr ile hlter f.icrnu.en! of Li; M.tjefr ihws, and rrrjrdi-r to an act of Par-H.'.urrl >:iv at freefr :': p.vvyVv/;/ :j mat'.,:'; ami Jfrant, era cf.rr crimes therein imniioucd, without; ,/rti.-.Ur;, favour, or ufJi,i; ami if a ly ti:;il! shall arise which L i.\p!.i:;:cd iy thefdd ari,c!tS or act of u.miiainent, acrording to my coufcieuce, the bcfl if m\ underfunding, and tie e:f.m cf ivnr in Hie cads. uh.d I further fluent.) ’Hiatt J will not divulge tie faience cf t'-e court until it fan! be approved cf by his M.ffy, cr hyjcmej erf a duly authorized ////; neither ivill 1, upon any account, at any time ich-i,fever, d:fl:fe or difover she vote or opinion of any particular member of the corn t martial, wdfs required h give evidence thenof, as a witness, by a court of j afire, hi due rourf of law.

So help me God.

Ami so soon ns the find o.uh fin)! have been administered to the respeehve members* the ptefidem of the court i*, hereby authorized anil required to silinmifier to the judge advocate, or the person odlcLdog as such, an oath in the following v.-oids:

/ A. 15. (!: f'a'far, Tic! I ivill not, upon any arrount, at any time whatfever, difeloje tr dj.y.r tie vote or (pinion «/ am /,; iienl.m w.ini. r f the court martial, unless required: f.- evide/ne ,u a latnf, hi a due uurfc cf law.

So help me God.

An.! no fju:--v:i* of d- ath fhtsli be given rgninft assy olTemler in such cnftf by any general court imud-d, uai.N nine o.uct? on.-lt.ot li: til concur therein; and in all l.ocS where a com t martial h‘»;dl contiii of more oihceis titan thirteen, then the judgment lb.-! puis by the concurrence cf twe-thirds at lead of the odicers pre-f,a: and nr- proj.vdim;, > r trial m til h: had upon any c.ietscc, but between the hours of eight c i the clock in the minor.y ami three in the afternoon, except in cabs which retjuirc mi immediate example.

la. And be it fmilier emicled ai.d dabuvd, That in cr.fe of any soldier tried and couvieled ct desertiun, wl.enh'ever die court martial which Ih.dl pals fen-tes'.ce upon Uch nl.il, iiiaii not thin1; the im-ncc deicrving ol capital punishment,

'inch ccuut m.mial imy, inilc.ul of av.urding a corporal punishment, mtjuuge the ( bAu’.cr, if t!vv {bad think lit, to |h;e us a foidier in any of the corps li.uioned ;:i my ol Ids MajJly’s ilomiidons b-.jrju! the teas, or in iorcign pjTiS, for life, or lor u certain term of veui.», according to the tb'gree ol ofieHCCJ and if Aicll soldier llt.dl afu nw.rds, witl.om leave f;vni his M-jUly, or Irani me commanding edi-eer of the corps in which he lira! be appointed to lcive, return into tins realm before die expiration of the term limited by such fcutcuce, and shad be amvicV.’d thereot by u cuurt«mavtial, he Iiiaii Inner neath.

X. Provided always, Tiuc the party tried by any geueial court-martial, flndl be entitled to a eopv of the sentence and proceedings oi such court-martial upon demam! thereof made by Idmfjf, or by any other person or persons on his behalf.

Tie thirtieth Year of George III.

x75

Ir.If, he or they or;ing v.ufjiub'y f>r the fume, r.t any time int sooner linn three £),

months tuer inch sentence, whahj;- inch sentence be approved or or nor, any 1790.

tiling in :».'t to the cmur.iry natwitkilandirg. Chan. 1$.

XI. Provided alvnvs, be it fvrther cnucled hv the ;:utborifw aforesaid, That lo-'-'Y'*’*’—> every judge advocate, or pelm:i officiating as hull at any general court martial

do, arid ho is hevohv veqv.m d 10 tv,iVun.it v.ith as much expedition as the opportunity of time and dilhnee 0:' phuv can admit, tl.c oii;jnal proceedings and fciiience of fitch court to the chiei' fjeretary of the lore! lieutenant, or

other chief governor or pv.vniers of the kingdom of Ireland, to he l.iid before him or them, and when the determination shall have been made upon the sentence iher-vin contained, to he lodged, with the judge advocate general in Dublin; whiih f.\id original tncceeduvr* and sentence Avail be carefully kept and preferred in the office of such judge advocate general, to the end that the person cntitScd thereto may be enabled upon application to the office to obtain copies thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

XII. Provided v.lfo, and be it further emitted and declared, That none of the proceedings of any general or regimental court martial, nor any entry or coo/ thereof, shall be charged or chargeable with any damp duty whatsoever, any thing contained in any former act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared and emitted, That no officer or soldier being acquitted or convicted of any offence, be liable to be tried a second time by the fame or any other court martial for the lame otTence, imfefs in the case of an appeal from a regimental to a general court martial; and that no sentence given by any court martial, and ligned by the prefnlent thereof, be liable to be reviled more than once.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend, or be construed, to exempt any oliicer or soldier wlr.ttsoever from being proceeded against by the ordinary course of law.

XV. And for preventing of frauds and deceit in the muttering of soldiers, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person do make or give, or procure to be made or given, any fahe or untrue certificate whereby to iwcufe any soldier for his absence from any mutter, or any other ttvviee which he ought to attend or perform, upon pretence of being employed on some othir duty of the regiment, or of sickness, being in prifou, or on furlough 5 then every such person so making, giving, or procuring such certificate, shall, hwevery such ollenct*, forfeit the sum of (iuy pounds, and shall be forthwith cashiered and difp.hccd from his office, and shall be thereby utterly (iifabled to have or hold a:iv military office or employment within this realm; and r.o certificate shall exnife the abf.mee of any soldier, but lor the reasons above mentioned, or one of them; and the commilV.’rv of the mutters, hereby cirtcLd to set down tin the roll, at ti e time of the taking of the mutter, the reason of the ai<fence of such soldier respectiveb' and hv ivlum certified, and not to set down any such excuse without view of Inch

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority ?fcref.:M, Tli.-.t cvrrv officer that shall make any faile or tiniruo mutter of man or ho: fc, and every commmkrv muster-m.illvr, or other nffic.T, who tli.-.il wittingly or v.iilittglv aiiov; or fion the muster-roll, v herein such faile mutter is contained, or ;mv dupdr-.-k- tlicr.of; and ?.ifo every commifiVv, mutter-matter, or ether o f-cer who fi./di I'inv.iv tr imii-lecl’.y take, or c.w.tc to he taken, v.:rv sum or nuns of mrv.-v, or any ether gratuity, on or for the muttering any regiment, hoop, or t-.-.r-pauy, or on or f«,r the (igr.ing of any mutter-rolls, or any dupT'cate thereof, upon moos ther.rf tmo.i O1.1I1 made by two Hunches befote a generd court-martial to be thereimcn caller!

'x - which

176 The thirtieth Year of George III.

&> D, which U hereby authorized and required to administer fuel) oath, shall for such 1750. offence be forthwith cashiered, and displaced from such his office, and shall be Chap. 18. thereby utterly difakled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this realm.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every commissary or muster-master upon any muster to be made, had, or taken by him or them, shall, by a convenient time before such muster made, give notice to the mayor, or other chief magistrate or officer of the place where the said soldiers so to he muttered shall be quartered, who is hereby required to be present at every such mutter, and give his utmost assistance for the discovering any false or untrue muster there made, or ottered to be made; and that every such commissary or muster-master making or taking such muster, that shall neglect to give such notice as aforesaid, or shall refuse to take the aid and assistance of such mayor, chief magistrate, or officer where the soldiers to be mustered shall be quartered, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and shall be discharged from his office; and no muster-roll shall be allowed, utiless the fame be signed by the said mayor, or other chief magistrate or officer respectively; but in case such mayor, chief magistrate or officer shall not, upon due notice given, attend such muster, or shall refuse to sign such muster-roll, without giving good and fulRcient reasons for such his refusal, that then the commissary may proceed to muster such regiment, troop*, or company, without incurring the said penalty, and such muster-roll shall be allowed, though not signed as aforesaid; provided that as soon after taking such muster as conveniently may be, oath be made by the commissary or muster-master, before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county where such muster shall be taken, or otherwise before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a mailer in chancery in Dublin, that such notice was duly given to the said mayor, chief magistrate, or officer as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person fluid be falseiy musterod, or otter himself falftly or deceitfully to be muttered, upon proof thereof made upon oath by two witnesses, before the next justice of the peace for the comity where such mutter shall be made, and upon certificate thereof in writing under the hand of the commissary of the mutters, or chief inagillrates as aforesaid, made to such justice of the peace, the said justice is hereby authorized and required to commit such offender to the house of correction, there to remain for the space of ten days; and if any person shall wittingly or willingly lend or furnish any horse to be muttered, which shall not truly belong to the trooper or troop so muttered, the said horse so falseiy mustered shall be

forfeited to the informer, if the fame doth belong to the person lending or

furniflung the said horse; or otherwise the person lending or funtiftung the said horse, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, upon oath made by two witnesses before tiic next justice of the peace: which twenty pounds shall be levied by warrant under the hand and seal of the said justice, by distress and sale of the goods aiul chattels of the person so o{Vending, tendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner; and in case such offender shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereon distress may be made, to the value of the penalty to be recovered against him, or Hull not pay such penalty within four days after such conviction, then, ami in such case, such justice of the peace shall and may, by warrant under his hand and seal, either commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprise, for the space of three months, or cause such offender to be publickly whipped at the discretion of such justice; and the said forfeiture Hull be to such person or persons that shall give information thereof; and the said informer or informers, if belonging to the service, shall have a right to be discharged forthwith, if he or they shall demand the same.

"The thirtieth Y'cnr of George III. 177

XIX. And be it further cm.Teri fey the authority aforesaid, That every com- A.D. ir.iihoneil o.'Iicer, ftcre-keeper, or commifiiirv. that fli.ill emhc/rle or m.imfedly j 79C. cause to he embezzled or niifhf plicJ, or fluid wilfully, or through neglect, fuller Qiap. l8. any proxmons, for.»ge, arms, clothing, ammunition, or other military (lores to beTpoiled or damaged, upon proof thereof upon oath made by two vitneiTes before

a gencial court-rnaviial, which is hereby authorized and required to administer such oath, be forthwith dnmifled his Majesty's service, and forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and is hereby required to make good at his own expend*, the loft am! damage thereby sufi.iir.ed, to be ascertained by such court-martial, which shall have power so seize the goods and chattels of the pcvfon so ofienuing, and fell them for me payment of the said one hundred pounds, and such damage; and if fuilicient goods and chattels cannot be found and seized, then the nerfen so offending, fmnl be committed to prison, or the common gaol, to remain there fer six months, without bail or mainprize, and until he shall pay such deficiency; and after the said sum shall be recovered and levied, the same shall be applied and disposed of as his Mnjcdy shall direct and appoint.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every comnvffary of the mutters, or muster-master either of the land forces or marines, making or taking a muster, do make oath before the mayor or chief magistrate attending the making or taking such muder as aforesaid, if such mayor or chief magistrate so attending be a justice of the peace, or otherwise before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a mader in chancery in Dublin, who is hereby authorized to administer the same in manner following:

I A.B. d) swear, that I /aw, at the time of taking a muster of such troops or companies of this regiment as lay within m\present circuit, such men or horses f of such tnops or companies so nuf.cred by me as are borne, and ml respited on the muJler-roH, for which men or horses a signed certificate or certificates, are not endorsed cn the back of the roll, certifying their being assent from the muster by reason of being employed on fume ether duty of the regiment, or by being f:ck, in prison, on furlough, or at graft, or by a signed leave from the colonel or field officer, or officer commanding the regiment, troop, or company. I lilewlfe swear, that I ajftfted in examining and comparing this muster-roll with the regimental bach; that I have fern and examined the attejlatms of all the recruits of the periods, that find them cempleat, and believe them to be just and cor-re8.

Which oaths the said commissary, or muder-mader is hereby directed to insert, and subscribe on the back of the muster-roll by him delivered into the office of the commissary-general of the mutters, and as soon as the commissaries of the mutters shall have severally compleated their circuits within twenty-one days after the fame, they are hereby directed personally to appear at the office of the muf-ter-master general in Dublin, and in his picfence, or in that of his deputy,

(who is hereby directed to attend) before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a matter in chancery, to make and subscribe the following oath, viz.

I. A.B. do swear, that at the times and places severally named in the snufer-rolh taken by me of the following regiments, viz.

I was personally present, and did at tie time of taking the said nnfers, ajftft in comparing the fveral mujler-rdls with the regimental bools of the everal regiments, troops, or companies, and that I believe them jvfl and correct taken before me,

Vol. XV, Y y

Which

CO

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D. 1790. Chap- iS-

Vwiicli fjid oath is to be attclkd by the faiii mulier-maher general, or his deputy.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefnitl, That if any pay-mailer, agent, or clerk of any garrison, regiment, troop, or company, shall wilfully detain or withhold by the space of one month the pay of any oilicer or soldier, cloth*., and all other ji:(l allowances being deducted, after futh pay shall be by him or them received, or if any officer having received his folukrs pay, shall refuse to pay each respective non-commissioned officer and soldier tlititr reJprc-tive pay, when it Avail become due, according to the fcveTal rate; established by order of government, then upon proof thereof before a court-martial as aforesaid, to be for that purpose held and summoned, every such paymaster, agent, clerk, or oilicer so offending, shall be discharged from lus employment, and shall forfeit to the informer upon conviction before the find court one hundred pounds, to he levied as aforesaid, and the informer, if a soldier, if he demands it, shall be, and he is hereby discharged from any further service; any thing in tins aft contained to the contrary notwithstatuUng.

XXII. And for the better execution thereof, and that a true and regular account may be kept and rendered by the agents of the several regiments and independent troops and companies, the ft id agents are hereby required and directed to observe such orders and directions as fli.dl from time to time be given by his Mnj.jflv, under his sign manual, or by his Majesty's chief governor or governors of this kingdom; and if any agent shall refuse or neglect to obfer-ve and comply with such orders and directions, he shall be discharged from his office, and be mterly disablod to have or hold any such office in his Majesty's service in this kingdom.

XXIII. And it is enacted, That if any officer or commissary shall muster any p-rfon hv a wrong name knowingly, upon conviction thereof before a general court-martial, the said officer or commissary shall fuiTcr such penalties, and in such ir.ann- r as is dirtfted and inffifted by this act upon those who shall make fdfe

niulki*.

XXIV. And whereas by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of Queen

cmii'td, An act to pnvii:t the tiijlrjos that may happen by the Marching of f\ili.rs, ii/ul {y'A'u'.lr.jr carriages for the baggage cf JcUkrs on their march, it is amongst other things enacted and declared, i{ That no officer, soldier, or trooper in her " hiajftly’s army, nor the servant of any officer, nor any attendant on the train " of artillery, nor any yeoman of the guard of battle-axes, nor any officer commanding the said yeomen, nor any servant of any such officer, shall at any time hereafter have, receive, or be allowed any quarters in any part of this " kingdom, save only during such time as he or they shall be, and remain in some t{ feapovt town, in order to be transported, cr during such time as there shall be " any commotion in any part of tins kingdom, by reason of which emergency, u her Majesty's army, or any confnlerable part thereof shall be commanded to " march from any part of this kingdom to another, or during such time or times u as he or they shall be on their march as aforesaid."

XXV. And whereas the barracks in this kingdom are not at present sufficient to lodge all the forces upon its military establishment: and whereas it may be necesLry to station part of the troops in places where there are net barracks, or not sufficient barracks to hold them: be it enacted, and it is hereby declared and agreed by the authority aforesaid, 'Hint ii shall and may be lawful, notwithstanding the said receited act, to and for the coiiflaMcs and other chief officers and niagillrates cf cities, towns, villages, and other places within this kingdom, and in their default or absence, for any one justice of the peace, inhabiting in or near any such city, town, wllm*, or place, and for no others, and such constables,

and

The thirtieth Year of George III. 179

and other chief magfflrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet A.D. the officers and soldiers in his Majsfly’s service in i«a<, Kvery-fiables, ale-hotlfcs, 179®' and the houses of fellers of wine by retail, to be diank in their own houses, or Qffap. I S« places tltereunto belonging; and all houses of pet tons telling brandy, llrong ‘—'‘V"*'—^ waters, cyder or mtthcgUu by retail; and where there fluff not be found sufficient Toom in such houses, then in such manner as has been heretofore customary; nor shall any more billets at any time be ordered, th'an there are effective soldiers present to be quartered , all which billets, when made out by such chief magistrates or conliables, shall be delivered into the hands of the commanding officer pre-fen t; and if any constable or such like officer cr mapllrate as afovosaid, fluff presume to quarter or billet any such officer or fohiicr in any house not within the meaning of this act, without the con fen: of the owner or occupier, then such owner or occupier shall have his or their remedy at law against such magistrate or officer for the damage that such owner or occupier shall’sustain thereby; and if any military officer shall take upon him to quarter fohiiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this act, or shall use or offer any menace or compuffion to or upon any mayors, conliables, or other civil officers before mentioned, tending to deter or discourage any of them from performing any part of their duty hereby required or appointed, such military officer shall, for every such offence, being thereof convicted before any two or more of the next justices of the peace of the county, by the oath of two credible witnesses, be deemed and taken to be 7pfo facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any military employment within this kingdom: provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next assizes or quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, cr county of the city, am! a certificate thereof trail fronted to the judge-advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial; ami in case any person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such conllnble, chief officer or magi (Irate not being a juilke of the peace, has quartered or billeted in his house, a greater number of folriiers than he ought to bear in proportion to iris neighbours, and shall complain thereof to one or more justice or justices of the peace of the divtffim, city, or liberty where such soldiers are quartered; or in case such chief officer or magistrate shall be a -justice of the peace, then on complaint made to two or more justices of the peace, of such divtfion, city, or liberty, such justices respectively shall have, and have hereby power to relieve such persons, by ordering such and -so many of the fohiiers to be removed and quartered upon such other person or persons as they fluff fee cause; and such other person or persons shall be obliged to receive such soldiers accordingly.

XXVI. And whcTcss great inconvenience happens from the billeting of soldiers singly: be it therefore drafted by the authority aforesaid, That at no time hereafter, a less number than two men shall be billeted in ar.v one heuse, ami such billets may be changed once in every momh if thought necessary by the chief rr.agillrate, to prevent any burthen thereby arising fi Jin failing heavy on particular individuals.

XXVII. And as very great detriment and inconvenience antes to the service from the dispersing anti billeting of soldiers when on a march at a great distnnee from the place or places where they arc meant to be quartered, and contrary to the tiue intent and meaning of the said last receited act, and by re.-.son of which they are placed wide of their intended tovtc for the next day’s march: be i; therefore drafted by the authority aforesaid, That at no rime when troops vare on a marc:, fluff any of them be billeted above one n:i!e from the place or places mentioned lc the route.

Tt

The thirtieth Year of George III.

180

A.D.

XXVIII. Provided always, and bt it cn:iiTbetI by the authority aforesaid, That I yyo. 'f any officer shall take, or catife to be taken, or knowingly fufrer to be taken, any Chap. 1 S. money of any person for cxcufing the qu/.ricring of officers or soldiers, or any of U*them, in any hotise allowed by this a cl, every such officer Hull be culhiered, and be incapable of serving i:i any military employment whatsoever.

XXIX. And whereas great inconvi niencies have arisen, and may arise in such places where horse or dragoons are, or may be quartered, by the Lillcting of the men and their horses at different houses, and often a: great dilhuces from one another, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all places where horse or dragoons shall be quartered or billeted in pursuance of this act for the future, the men and their horses shall be billeted in one and the fame house, except in case of necessity, and that in no other case wha.soever there be less than one man liileted where there shall be one or two horses, nor less than two men where there Audi be four horses, and so in proportion for a greater number; and in such case each roan shall be billeted as near Ins hcrle as pcffible.

XXX. And whereas some doubts have arisen whether commanding officers of any regiment, troop, or company, may exchange any men or horses quartered in any town or place with another man or horse quartered in the same place for the benefit of the service: be it declared and enabled by the authority aforesaid, That such exchange as above mentioned, may be made by such commanding officers respectively, provided the number of men or horses do not exceed the number at that time billeted on such house or houses, and the conftjbles, tithing-men, headboroughs, and other chief officers and magistrates of the cities, towns, and villages, or other places where any regiment, troop, or company shall be quartered, are hereby requited to billet such men and horses so exchanged accordingly.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the thirty-first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no paymailor-general or paymaster of the army, paymaster of the marines, secretary at war, commiJliry, or muficr-mnfter, or any other officer whatsoever or their under officers, shall receive any fees, or make any deductions whatsoever out of the pay of any officer or soldier in his Majesty's army, or from their agents, which shall grow due from and after the said thirty-first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, other than the usual deductions for clothing, and such other necessary deductions as are now made, or shall from time to time be directed by his Majesty under his royal sign manual.

XXXII. And that the quarters of officers and soldiers in this kingdom, may hereafter be duly paid and satisfied, his Majesty's duties of excise better, answered, and that the owners of houses on whom officers and soldiers shall be billeted, may be encouraged to provide proper accommodation for such officers, soldiers, and their horses: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That except during such times as the troops shall hi on their march, or during such times as there Diall be any commotion in any part of this kingdom, payment shall be made for each officer and soldier during the time he or they shall occupy such billet, at the following weekly rate?, viihlirtt, in Dublin, for each field officer and captain, eight Ihii'ings; for each subaltern officer, seven/hillings; for each serjeant of dragoons or foot, or corporal of horse, one Hulling and one penny; for each trooper, dragoon, or foot soldier, six pence halfpenny: in the country, for each field officer or captain, five ibillings; for each subaltern officer* three Drillings and six pence: for each serjeant of dragoons or foot, cr corporal of horse, one shilling; for each trooper, dragoon, or foot soldier* six pence; the payment of the officers lodgings,

to

The thirtieth Year of George III. 1

to be nude by the officers themselves, in the present aceuftomad manner j the A. !) payment of the men’s lodgings, to be made monthly by the commanding officer ijqo. of each corps, in each quarter in consequcnco of money font them for that pur- Chap. 13. pose, by their several regimental agents; and in order to enable the agents to remit such money such sums Hull be advanced to them, as shall be ne&cihiry, for which the regiments shall be accountable, and which sum shall be accounted for in the usual manner,

XXXIII. And as an encouragement to provide proper am! fuffii'ent (tabling for the horses so billeted, four pence per week shall be paid to the owners of ihbics for cadi horse, during the time each Hull remain in such manner, and under such circumstances, as the quarters of the men arc paid} and in case of any troop or company being suddenly ordered to march, ami that the respective commanding officers are noi enabled to nuke payment of the sums due for the lodging of the men and tldbling of the horses, every such officer Hull, before his departure, make up the account with every perfoti with whom such troop or company may have been qunrtoied, and sign a certificate thereof; which account and certificate, shall be transmitted to the agent of the regiment, that immediate, payment may be procured in the accustomed manner.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the duules and circumstances of this act, shall, in every particular, extend to all recruiting parties whatsoever, and their recruits, of his Majesty's land or marine forces, that may be employed on that service u itlun this kingdom} and quarters fluil at all times upon requifirton, be granted to such panics and their recruits as prescribed by tins aft, they paying for the same -it the rates before directed, iiotuithdamling there may be barracks in t’ pi where such quarters are so demanded.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That cvety non-commissioned officer ami tffidur, who Hull be billeted according to the provisions in this act, shall be entitled to and receive proper and sufficient accommodation respectively, and also the use of kitchen utensils, to cook and eat their victuals in their quarters.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the belter and more regular provision of carriages for his Majesty's forces in their marches, or for their arms, clothes, or accoutrements, all justices of the peace within their several counties, lliires, divisions, liberties, and prectnfts, being duly required thereunto by an order from the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, or the general of his Majesty's forces, or the master-general of his Majesty's ordnance, shall, as often as such order is brought and shewn unto one or more of them by the quarter mailer, adjutant, or other officer, or non-commissioned officer of the regiment, detachment, troop, or company so ordered to march, issue out his or their warrants to the constables or petty constables of the division, city, liberty, hundred, and precinct, from, through, near, or to which such regiment, detachment, troop, or company shall be ordered to march, requiring them to make such provision for carriages, with able men to drive the fame, as Is mentioned in the said warrant, allowing them sufficient time to do the fame, that the neighbouring parts may not always btar the burthen *, and in case sufficient carriages cannot be provided within any such liberty, division, or precinct, then the next justice or justices of the peace of the county or division, shall, upon such order as aforesaid, being brought or shewn to one or more of them, by any of the officers aforesaid, issue his or their warrant to the constables or petty constables of such next county, liberty, division or precinct, for the purposes aforesaid, to make up such deficiency} and such constables or petty constables shall order and appoint such person or persons, having carriages within their respective liberties, as they shall think proper to provide and furnish such carriages and men according to the warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide

182 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

anil furnifit the fame accordingly; and if any military officer or officers, for the 17QO. uk wk°k trooP or company the carriage was provided, shall force and a-nflrain

Ch ap. 18 «'y c:irr’;, Ke 10 travel more than one day’s journey, except as hereafter excepted, or fhnil not discharge ther fame in due lime for their return home, or shall fuffier any foleier'or servant, (except fudi as are sick) or any woman to ride in the carriage aforesaid, or shall force any constable or petty constable by tliveatcnings or menacing words to provide faddle-horses for themselves or ftrvanrs, or shall force horses from the ountrs by themselves, servants, or soldiers, every such officer, for every such offence Ih.dl forfeit the sum of five pounds, pruoi thereof being made upon oath before two of Iris Majesty's justices of the peace of the same county, who are to certify the same to the paynrafter-general, or other nf-pci’tive pavmaster of his ni.ijesty’s forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid fun: of five pounds, accruing to the order and appointment under the hands and frals of the aforesaid justices of the peace of the saul county, who are hereby empowered to deduct the fame out of such officer’s pay; an(l.the aforesaid officer or officers, who by virtue of the aforesaid warrant from the justices of the peace are to demand the carriage or carriages therein mentioned, of the tonllable or petty constable to win in the warrant is directed, is and are hereby required, before the owner of such carriage shall be compelled to take any loading, or be forced to proceed in the march with his carriage, to pay down in hand to the owner of such carriage, or his servant, the sums herein after mentioned, (or ev^ ry mile or reputed mile they are to march, that is 10 say, for every hundred weight which the owner or owners of any wheel-carriage shall take as loading on such wheel-carriage, the stint of one halfpenny for every mile, or reputed mile he or they Hull therewith inarch; and if -any officer or person requiring such carriages as aforesaid, shall neglect or refute to pay to the owner of such carriage, ti e sums hereby appointed to be paid', lie and they shall forfeit the sum of forty fliii-lings (lerling to the patty injuicd, on such proof, and in such manner as is herein before app« iuted.

XXXVI!. And be it kutlur cr.acted, That 110 owner of such carriage be compelled or obliged to take any loading, until the same shall be first auiy weighed at the e.\peiH.e of (lie owner or owners of such carriage, if lie or they shall think ftt, and the fame can be done in a rcafotiable time, without let or hindrance of his Majesty's service; and if any officer or other person requiring such carriage, shall iorce or compel the owner to take any loading until the fume shall be iirft duly weighed, if the fame can he done in a reasonable time as aforesaid, or shall coi -trary to the will of the owner of such carriage, or his servant, put, or permit any person whatsoever to put any greater load upon any carriage than as is herein after directed, either at the lime of loading, or on the march, every such officer, shall for every such otlence, forlcit the sum of twenty shillings to the party injured, on such proof, ami in such mimici as is herein before appointed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no carriage impressed by the authority of this act, shall be liable or obliged to carry above six hundred weight; and if the owner shall content to cany above six hundred weight on any carriage, he Hull be allowed and paid at the rate of one halfpenny per mile, for every hundred above the weight of six hundred pounds put on his carriage; and the owner and owners of such carriage or carriages shall not be compelled or obliged to proceed with such carriage or carriages under the sum of threepence per mile or reputed mile, at the least, in case lie or they shall be required to carry a less weight 0:1 such carriage or carriages than fix humked pounds weight for etch

caniigc.

XXXIX. And be it further on vVd, That if through the neglect of any con’d .1'!:, v.cr notice giun .» to provide carriages as before mentioned, the

oifnvr

The thirtieth Year of George III.- 183

officer commanding in chief shall be necelfitated to halt, that then, and in such A.D. case only, it shall and may be lawful to and for said officer to take the carriages 1790. one dav’s march more according to the route, paying one halfpenny per mile for Chap. I 8. c.ivh hundred weight of loading as before mentioned} and the owners of such x——v-—J carriages, upon complaint made by them or their servant to any justice of the peace or chief magi (Irate next adjoining to the places where such carriages were 10 have been provided, shall receive, over and above the halfpenny per mile per hundred weight of loading before specified, three pence more per mile for each carriage, to be paid by the oonllable who made default in providing carriages;

;jfcid In ft sum to be levied immediately after demand and refusal, by warrant uf any justice of peace or chief magistrate of the place next adjoining; which f.ud justice or chief magistrate is hereby required to grant the fame immediately on demand, with,out fee or reward.

XL. And be it further enacted, That notice shall be given to the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, at lead twenty-four hours before the march of any troops nr companies of soldiers out of the said city, of the number of the troops or companies appointed to march; whereupon the lord mayor for the time being, shall summon a proportionable number of cars out of the licensed cars, brick cars, ami other cars within the county of the f»td city, ami so from time to time the said cars are by turns to be employed in carrying the baggage of fuel) troops or companies at the prices, and under the regulations herein before mentioned; and it is hereby directed, that no country cars or carriages coming to the market of said city, nor any cars or carriages coming to any of the markets of this kingdom, shall be detained or employed in carrying the baggage of the army on any pretence whatsoever.

XLI. And whereas several acts of pir'dament of the sixth of Queen Anne, and the second and fifteenth of George the second, and of the eighth ami nine, teenth of George the third, are now in force for the providing of carriages for the baggage of soldiers on their march, be it enacted, That the icvcral chutes contained in the said acts relative to the carriages of the avmy-bagg.’ge, do, from the passing of this act, ccafc and determine;.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the numbers of carriages to be allowed each troop or company, shall be from time to time regulated by order of government, in proportion to die establishment of such troop or company; and the sums ordered to be advanced as aforesaid, for the payment of carriage of baggage by the officer or officers respectively, find! be to them repaid by the payiuafler-gene-j-al, or vice-treasurer of this kingdom for the time being, without fee or reward, on oath made by such officer or «»lficers before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, or chief magistrate of any city or corporate town, of his or their payment of such sum or sums for carriages as aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any high-constable, or petty-constable, {lull wilfully negicft or refuse to execute such warrants of the justices of the peace, as shall be directed unto them, for providing carriages as aforesaid; or if any person or persons appointed by such con-ftnble, or petty-constable, to provide or furnish any carriage and man, shall refuse or neglect to provide die fame, or any other person or persons whatsoever, {lull wilfully do any act or thing whereby the execution of the said warrant shall be hindered or frustrated; every such constable or other person or persons so offending, Avail for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than twenty shillings, to tin* use of the poor of the parish where any such offence shall be committed; and all and every such offence ami offences, shall and may be inquired of, heard, and finally determined by two of his Majesty's justices «f the peace, dwelling in or near the place where fuiL offence shall be committed,

7- /. 2 who

184 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D. 1790. Chap. ifi.

who have hereby power to c.uife the said penalty to he levied by distress and f.d? of the offenders goods and chattels, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner.

XI,!V. And be it en?cV.*d by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer. mili-tyry or civil* by this act authorized to quarter soldiers in any huufcs hereby appointed for that purpose, shall at any time, during the continuance of this act, quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid servants of any officer or lbldier in auv such houses, agaitift the oonfent of the owners, the pirty offending, If an officer of the army, shall, upon complaint and proof thereof nude to the commander in chid' of the army, or judge advocate, be ipfc f.rch calhicred; and if a coniiuhle, titiiing-man, or other civil officer, he shall forfeit to the party aggrieved Uvent\ shillings, upon complaint and proof thereof mace to the him justice of the peace, to be levied by warrant of such justice, by distress and sale of his gooes, rendering the overplus to lire party, after deducting reasonable charges in taking

the fame.

XLV. And for the better prvfervation of the game, in or near such places where any officers or soldi<r> shall at any time be quartered; be it ennffccd by the authority aforesaid, Tint if, from and after the thirty-first day of March, one thou-fatid ftven hundred and ninety, any officer or soldier, shall without leave of the lord of the manor, under his hind and seal, first had and obtained, take, kill, or destroy any hare, coney, phiafnnt, partridge, or any other fort of fo\vIs? or any poultry, or fiffi, or ids Majesty's game within this kingdom, and upon complaint thereof, shall be, upon oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, convicted before any justice or justices of the peace, who is ami are hereby empowered and authorized to hear md determine the fame, that is to say, every officer so offending, Hull, for every fuel: offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be distributed amongd ;}.e poor of the pi ice where such offence shall be committed; ami every officer i-.ununiuling in chief upon the place, for every such offence committed by any fohiicr under his command, Hull forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, to be paid and distributed in manner rdorcfiid; and if upon conviction made by the jtiliices of the peace, and demand thereof also made by the conftaV.ie or rnttfiTs of ihc poor, such officer Hull refefe or neglect, and not within two days pay the f.dd respective penalties, such officer so refusing or neglecting, shall forfeit, and he is hereby declared to have forfeited his commission, and his commission is hereby declared to-be null and void.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every non-commi flioned officer who shall be convicted at a general or regimental court martial of having embezzled or misapplied any money, with which he may have been cr.trusted for the payment of the men under his command,’ or for enlisting men into Ids Majesty's service, shall be reduced to serve in the ranks as a private soldier, and be put under steppages until the money be made good, and fuller such corporal punishment, not extending to life dr limb, as the court-martial shall think lit.

XLVII. And whereas several soldiers being duly lifted, do afterwards desert, and arc often found wandering, or otherwise absent themselves illegally from his Majesty's service: it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the emistable of the town or place where any person, who may be rtafonably suspected to be such a defeTter, shall be found, tc apprehend, or cause hi*n to be apprehended, and to cause such person to be brought before any justice of the peace living in or near such town or place, who hath hereby power to examine such suspected person, and if by his confession, cr the testimony of one or more witness or witnesses upon oath, or by the knowledge of such justice of the peace, it shall appear cr be found, that such suspected person is a lifted fohlicr,

and

The thirtieth Year of George III.

and -ought to be with the troop or company to winch he belongs, such justtee of the per.ee shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county, or place where lie shall be found, or the house of corrcClion, or other publick prison in fecit town or place %vliv.re such deserter shall be apprehended, or to the provost-manial, in case such deserter shall be apprehended within the city or liberties of Dublin, or places adjacent, and transmit an account thereof to the chief secretavy to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to the end such persons may be proceeded against according to law; and the keeper of such gaol, house of correction, or prison, Hull receive the full subsistence of such deserter or deserters during the time that he or they shall continue in his custody, for the maintenance of the said deserter or deserters, but shall not be entitled to any fee or reward on account of the imprisonmer.t of such deserter or deserters*, any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And for the better encouragement of any person or persons to secure or apprehend such deserters as aforesaid: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such justice of the peace fli-tll iduc his warrant in writing to the colleger or collectors of his Majesty's revenue, in the distriift where such deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the revenue by him collected, into the hands of such person who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any deserter from his Majesty's service, the sum of twenty shillings for every such deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which sum of twenty shillings shall be satisfied by such collector or collectors to whom such warrant shall be directed and allowed upon his account.

XLIX. Provided always, That if any person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any -deserter from his Majesty's service, knowing him to be such, the person so offending, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds \ or if any person Hull knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive any neces-f,tries, or any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the king, from any soldier or deserter, or any other person upon any account or pretence whatsoever, or cause the colour of such clothes to be changed, the person so offending shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds upon conviction, by the oath of one or more credible witness or vitnesses, before any of his Majesty's justtces of the peace, the f.iid respective penalties cf five pounds, and five pounds, shall be levied by warrants under the hands of the said justice or justices of the peace, by distref* and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, one moiety of the said first mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer by whose means such deserter shall be apprehended, and one moiety of the said (aft mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer, and the residue of the said respective penalties to be paid ro the officer to whom any such defuter or soldier did bolong; and in case any offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring or assisting any such deserter or deserters, or having knowingly received any neceflurics or any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, or having caused the colour of such clothes to be changed contrary to the intent of this act, shall not have futheiem goods and chattels whereupon distress may be made to the value of the penalties recovered against him for such offence, or (Hall not pay such penalties within four days after such conviction, then, and in such case, such justice of the peace shall and may by warrant under his hand and seal, cither commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of three months, or cause such offender to be publickly whipped, at the discretion of such justice.

L. Provided always, That no commissioned officer shall break open any house to search for deserters without warrant from the justice of the peace j and that

V o l. XV. A a a every

x86

The thirtieth Year of George III.

D, every -commissioned officer, who shall, without warrant from one or more of his 1790. Majesty's justices of the peace, which said warrants the said justice or justices Chap. 18, are hereby empowered to grant, forcibly enter into, or break open the dwelling-house or out-houses of any person whatsoever, under pretence of searching for deserters, shall upon due proof thereof forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may ‘be lawful to and for his Majesty to form, make, and establish articles of war, for the better government of his Majesty's forces.

LII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for bringing offenders against such articles of war to justice, it'shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty to empower the chief governor or governors of this kingdom to erett and constitute courts-martial, with power to try, hear, and determine any crimes and offences by such articles of war, and to inflict penalties by fenteuce’ or judgment of the fame within this kingdom.

LIII. Provided always, That no person or persons shall be adjudged to suffer any punishment extending to life or limb by the said articles of war within this -kingdom, except for such crimes as are expressed to be so punishable by this act.

LIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any officer or soldier find! in any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, or elsewhere beyond the seas, commit any of the offences triable by courts-martial by virtue of this act, and shall come or be brought into this realm before he be tried by a court-martial for such offence, such officer or soldier shall be tried and punished for the-fume, as if the said offence had been committed within this realm.

LV. Provided also, That no person or persons being acquitted or convicted of any capital crimes, violences, or offences by the civil magistrate, Avail be liable to be punished by a court-martial for the fame, otherwise than by cashiering.

LVI. Provided also, That if any officer, non-commissioned officer, or soldier, shall be accused of any capital crime, or of any violence or offence against the person, estate, or property of any of his Majesty's subjects, which is punishable by the known laws of the land, the commanding officer or officers of any regiment, troop, cr company, or party, is and are hereby required to use his utmost' endeavours to deliver over such accused person to the civil magistrate; and shall also be aiding and a Aiding to the officers of justice in the felzing and apprehending such offender in order to bring him to trial; and if any such commanding, officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse upon application made to him for that purpose, to deliver over any such accused person to the civil magistrate, or to be aiding or assisting to the officers of justice in apprehending such offenders, every such officer so offending, and being thereof convified before any two or more justices of the peace for the county where such fast is committed, by the oath of two credible witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be Ipso foclo cashiered, and shall be utterly diflibled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next quarter-sessions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

LV:i. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every present and future paymaster, agent, or clerk of any garrison, regiment, troop, or company, who is or shall be liable to account with any of the executors' and ulministrators of every officer or soldier for any of the pay of such officer or soldier, by him or them received, shall, on reasonable demand made by such executor or administrator, deliver a just and true account to any such executor or administrator, of such sum or Anns of money as he or they shall have so respect

tively

The thirtieth Year of George III. 18.7

lively received for such officer or soldier, and for which they ought so to account A.D. as aforesaid, such executor or adrr.inistrator paying for the same, and shall account 1 "QO. with such executor or administrator for the fame; and that every such p.tymaster, Chup. I 8* agent, or clerk-of any girrifon, regiment, troop, or company offending herein, —v~-*J

(lull forfeit the like penalties, and to he recovered in like manner as appointed by this act, for such colonels or agents not giving due accounts of or for the pay of the fain officers or soldiers, to and for such officers and fohliers tlicm-selves.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action, bill, plaint, or suit, shall be brought against any person or persons for any act, matter, or thing to be acted or done in pursuance of this act, that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and ever/ person and persons sued as aforesaid, to plead thereunto the general issue, that he or they are not guilty, and to give such special matter in evidence to the jury, which shall try the issue, which special matter being pleaded, had been a good and sufficient matter in law to have discharged the said defendant or defendants to the trespass or other matter laid lo his or their charge; and if theverdift shall pass with the said defendant or defendants in any such action, the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein become nonsuit, or suffer any discontinuance thereof, that in every such case the justice or justices, or such Other judge before whom the said matter shall be tried, shall, by force and virtue of this* aft, allow unto the defendant or defendants, his or their treble costs, which he or they shall have fuftnined by reason of their wrongful vexation in -defence of the said action or suit, for which the said defendant or defendants shall have the like remedy as in other cases where costs by the laws of this realm are given to defendants.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every bill plaint, action, or suit against any person or persons for any act, matter or thing to be acted or done in pursuance of this act, or against any member or mtnifter of a coUTt-martial in Tefpeft of any sentence of such court, or of any thing done by virtue, or in pursuance of such sentence, shall be brought in some of the courts of record at Dublin, and in no other court whatsoever.

LX. And be it cnaftedby the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons whatsoever who shall directly or indirectly persuade, or procure, or endeavour to persuade, or procure any soldier or soldiers in the service of his Majesty, or of his heirs or successors to desert, such person or persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered in any of the courts of record in Dublin.

LXI. And to prevent as far as may be any unjust or fraudulent arrests that may be made upon soldiers, whereby-his Majesty and the public!; may be deprived of their service j it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person whatsoever, who is ot shall be lifted, or who shall lift and enter himself as a volunteer in his Majesty's service as a soldier, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service by any process of execution whatsoever, other than for some criminal matter, unless for a real debt, or other just cause of action, and unless before the taking out of such process or execution, not being for a criminal matter, the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein, or some other person or persons on his ot their behalf, shall make affidavit before one or more judge or judges of the court of record, or other court out of winch such process or execution shall issue, or before some person authorized to take affidavits in such courts, that to his or their knowledge the original sum justly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs from the defendant or defendants in the action or cause of action, on which such process shall issue, or the original debt for which such execution shall be blued out, amounts to twenty pounds at least, over and-above all costs of suit in A a a 2 the

188

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

the fame action, or in any other action on which the same shall be grounded, a I 7QO, memorandum of which oath shall be marked on the back of such procefa or writ,

Chilj). I 3 which memorandum no fee shall betaken*, and if any person flail neverthe-V——less be arrested contrary to the intent of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for one or more judge or judges of such court, upon complaint thereof made by the party himself, or by any his superior oilicer, to examine into the fame by the oath of the parties or otherwise, and by warrant under his or their 1. mds and seals to discharge such soldier so arrested contrary to the intent of tins act, without paying any fee or fee?, upon due proof made before him or them, that such soldier so arreded was legally entitled as a soldier in his Majesty's frr-vice, and arrested contrary to the intent of this act; and also to award to the party so complaining such costs as such judge or judges shall think reasonable, for the recovery whereof he flail have the like remedy that the persons who takes out the said execution might have had for his costs, or the plaintiff in the tike action might have had for the recovery of iiis costs in case judgment had been given for him with costs aqainst the defendant in the find action.

LXII. And to the end that honest creditors who aim only at the recovery of their just debts due to them from perfous entered into, and lifted in his Majesty's service, may not be hindered from suing for the fame, but on the contrary may be a (lifted and forwarded in their tints, and intlead of an arrest, which may at once hurt the service, and occasion a great expence and delay to themselves, may be enabled to proceed in a more easy and cheap method: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon notice first given in writing of the cause of action, to such person or pcvfons so entered, or left at his or rheir lait place of refidcncc before such lifting, to file a common appearance in any action to be brought for or upon account of any debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such plainttiT to proceed therein to judgment ami outlawry, and to have an execution thereupon, other than against the body or bodies of him or them so lifted as aforesaid; this act or any thing herein or any former law or llutute to the contrary notwithstanding.

l.XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from the pa/sing of this act, no fddicr being arrested, or confined for debt in any prison, gaol, or . other place, shall be entitled to any part of his pay from the day of such arrest or confinement, until the day of lus return to the regiment, troop, or company to which he shall belong.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any high-constable, constable, beadle, or other officer or person whatsoever, who by virtue or colour of this act, shall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billeting any officers or soldiers, shall neglect or refuse to quarter or billet such officers or soldiers when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this act directed, provided fuliicient notice be given before the arrival of such troops, or shall receive, demand, contract, or agree for any tiim or sums of money, or any reward whatlnever for or on account of cicufing, or in order to txcufe any person or persons whatsoever from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their house or boufvs, any such officer or soldi-.r; or in case any victualler, or any other person liable by this act, to have any officer or soldier billeted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive any such cfticer or soldier, or shall refuse to furnish or allow sufficient and proper accommodation, according to the intention of this act, or utensils to cook and cat their victuals to non-commissioned officers and fohiiers so quartered or billeted on him or her as aforesaid, or shall neglect or tefufe to furnish good and sufficient ftabiing for each horse so quartered on him or her as aforesaid, at the rate herein before mentioned, and shall be

thereof

The thirtieth Year of George III.

mnviftt»d Ki-fnr.* wtr n»- m^rr iVfltr«» nr 5ntt5't’s r»f tl'.c n-irr of the .-.-nm*..

forfeit fir every such oflence die sum of five pounds, or a:v sum of mrr.ey nc: exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, us the f.dd just ice o: p'fiicr-, before whom the mutter shall be heard, flv.il in his or their diferction think ji; io be levied by distress ami file of the goods of the psrfon so oft'ending, by w under the hand and seal, or hands and seuls of such justice or justice: bef^r*

whom such offender shall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to be

rested to any other constable within the county, city, or liberty, or to nn? rf the overseers of the poor of the parish where such ofiender shall dwell; v.)>:.

said sum of five pounds, or the f.iid sum not exceeding five pounds, nor

than forty shillings, when levied, shall be applied in the first place in jnak'.i.* such satisfnftion to any soldier for the expence he may have been put to by re».-son of his not being billeted or quartered as nfurcf.ud, as fac!i justice or justices shall order and dirC&, and the remainder shall be paid to the overseers of the poor of the parish wherein the offence shall be committed, or to foroc one of them for the use of the poor of the find parish.

LXV. And for the better preventing abuses in quartering or billeting the so'dieis in pursuance of this aftj be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th.it it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more justtcc or justices of the peace within their respective counties, cities, or liberties, by warrant or ordei under his or their hand ami seal, or hands and seals, at any lime nr times during the continuance of this act, to require and command any high-constable, coiifl.t-ble, beadle, or other officer who find! quarter or billet any soldiers in pursuance of this act, to give an account in writing unto the said justice or justices requiring the fame, of the number of officers and soldiers who shall be quartered or billeted by them, and also the names of the house-keepers or persons Upon whom every such officer or soldier shall be quartered or billeted, together with an account of the street or place where every such house-keeper dwells, and of the sign, if any, belonging to their houses, to the cud it may appear to the said justice or justices where such officers and soldiers are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be better enabled to prevent or punish all abuses in the quartering or billeting of them.

I,

XVI. Provided ncvenheleft, and it is hereby declared by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, when and as often as any person or persons shall be e»i-lifted as a soldier or soldiers in his Majesty's land service, lie and they fh.tH within four days, but not sooner than twenty-four hours after such unfitting respectively, be carried before the next justice of the peace of any county, city, of place,' or chief magiftrite of any city, or town-corporate, nor bring an ofliar in the army, and before such justice or chief magistrate, he or th-y 11: i! be at liberty to declare his or their dissent to such enlisting, and upon such d-_*e!..r.itmn and returning the enlisting money, and also each person so dissenting p tying 'T'5 sum of twenty shillings for the charges expended or laid out upon him, Jufi person or persons so enlisted, Avail be forthwith discharged and set ut libftiy ,rl the presence of such justice or chief magistratcj but if such person or person > shall refuse or neglect within the fp2cc of twenty-four hours to return and pay such money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be cnlilled, as jf he or they had given his or their assent thereto before the said justice or chi*‘f magistrate; or if such person or persons shall declare Lis or their having volm-

Dbb

ui.;y

190 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

tarily enlisted himself or themselves, then such justice or chief magistrate fitall, 1790. and *s hereby required forthw ith to certify under his hand, that such person or Chap. IS. personss is or are duly enlisted, setting forth the place of the binh, age and calling W—of him or them respctlively, if known, and that the second and sixth sections of the articles of war against mutiny and desertion were read lo him or them, and that he or they had taken the oath mentioned in the fain articles of war; and if any such person or persons, so to be certified as duly enlisted, Avail refuse to take the said oath of fidelity before the find justice or chief magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such officer from whom he has received such money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such person or persons, until he or they shall take the oath before required j and every military officer that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur the like penalty and forfeiture, as is by this act to be inflicted upon any officer for making a false and untrue muster; and the penalty and forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same manner as any penalties and forfeitures are by this act to be levied or recovered.

LX.VIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any pCT-son or persons shall receive the enlisting money from any officer, knowing it to he such, and shall abscond, or refuse to go before such justice or chief magistrate, in order to declare his assent or dissent as aforesaid, such person or persons shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted to all intents and purposes whstfeever, and shall and may be proceeded against, as if he or they had taken the oath directed by the said articles of war to be taken before such justice or chief magistrate.

LXVIIf. And whereas it is necessary that accounts of the recruiting ferries should be regularly transmitted: be it cnatled, That every officer employed in the recruiting any regiment, troop, or company of his Majesty's forces serving in and belonging to the establishment of this kingdom, shall, and he is hereby directied and required every two months to make up and transmit, examined and certified by hU commanding officer, if resident in Ireland, who in this case shall, and he is hereby directed and required to certify the same to the adjutant general of his Majesty's forces, an abstract of the numbers recruited during the two preceding months, and also to transmit a copy of the said abstract, together with a regular and exact account of the expences which have attended the said service during the two preceding months to the agent of the corps for which such officer is recruiting respectively, and on failure hcreiu the officer through whose neglect such abstract and account, or a copy thereof, shall not have been transmitted to the adjutant-general, or to the agent of the corps respectively, shall be liable to be tried fer such neglect by a general court-martial, and if convicted shall be caftiieted, or shall suffer such other punishment as by such court-martial shall be awarded, and the commanding officer of the regiment, troop, or company in which such neglect shall be committed, Avail, and he is hereby directed and required to make a report thereof to his colonel, if in Ireland, who shall report the same to the commander in chief, or to the secretary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or in his nbfence to the under secretary for the military department, in order that the officer so neglecting may be brought to trial for the same.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That every payniafter of a regiment, troop, or company, of his Majesty's regular forces serving in and belonging to the establish-men: of this kingdom, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make out and tnnsmit to the agent of such regiment, troop, or company, an account every two months of the exact subsistence actually paid to effective officers and men, and of the broken periods nrifing from deaths, desertions, or difeharpes of men in the couifc of the said two months, and on the thirty-fiift dr.v of March,-and

thirtieth

'1 he thirtieth Year of George III. 19 r

thirtieth day of September in every year, the said paymaster shall, and he h hereby i\i f)t directed and required to make up, and within three months from each of the above periods to transmit: to the said agent the following accounts, that is to say, an (

account of all the expsnces which have attended the recruiting fervuv of his e.-— Majesty's regular forces for the preceding fix mouths, distinguishing the fuhlilUnee of recruit;, levy money, and every other article of expence under their (over.il iieads, an account of the poundage paid to the clicclive men in the preceding six months, an account of hospital cxpcuccs, travelling expences of officer.* and horlcs before they join the troop or regiment, and all other letter contingencies which,are now, or which his Majesty shall by any future regulations under his royal sign manual, direct to be allowed for the preceding six months, under their fever.;! heads, the said respethve accounts to be examined and certified by the commanding officer of each respective corps, who shall, and he is hereby directed and required to examine and certify the fame, and on failure herein, the paymaster, through whose negleci the said respective accounts flu!l not be transmitted as aforesaid, shall be liable to a trial fer such neglect, by a general court martial, and if convicted shall be cafluered, or shall ruder such other punishment as by such court-martial shall be awarded; and the commanding officer of the regiment, troop, or company, in which such neglect shall be committed, flnll, and lie is hereby directed and required, to make a report thereof to his colonel, (if in Ireland) who shall report the same to the commander in chief, or to the secretary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or in his absence, to the under secretary for the military department, in order that the oilicers offending may be brought to trial for the same.

LXX. And be it enacted, That from and aft^r the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the agent of every regiment, troop, and company of lm Majesty's regular forejs, serving in, and belonging to the eflahliflunent of this kingdom, shall, and they are hereby directed and required, to make up an annual account of each regiment, troop, and company for the preceding year, ending the tb.iny-first day of March, the said accounts to be made up within six months after the expir srion of the year, and in the said accounts the several impreiU or monies received, including the monies received for cast horses fold, and every other receipt which belongs, and ought to be brought to the credit of the publick, the accounts of the respective corps, and the (V-vcral difljurfements or monies paid shall be properly distinguished under their several heads, of few ice, the arrears due to the several officers, and the agency due to them upon the full pay of the commissioned officers, non-conuniitioned officers, and private men of the several corps, then and there to be charged, and the balance then struck which is due from the publick to the said regiment, troop, or company, and to transmit the fame wltlun the said limited time, together with the said proper vouchers, agreeable to the present (landing regulations, or any future regulations which his Majesty shall, under his royal figti manual, direct to the office of the secretary to the chief governor or governor; of this kingdom for the time being, and on failure herein, or in any other of the regulations prescribed to the said agents by this act, the agent or agents f;> offending, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every offence, to b: recovered by any person or persons who shall sue for the same; and the fnnei.tn to i! v chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall, and tie >; hereby directed and required to examine ami settle, or cause to be cx imiiwd and settled, the aforesaid annual accounts: provided always, That the same shall extend, or be couftrued to extend, to difeharyc any agent or agents from making up, in die course of the year, such account or sccour/.s as the chief gmeriu.r

C i> b 2 goverr.o'k

ig2 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

Soyernors of this kingdom, for the time being, may have occasion for, cr require > j jyo. am* an)r act,nt or ag<*nts refusing obedience to fuel* requifiriou or requifttions lh?.;i Chap 18. 10 ^'c penalty aforesaid.

LXXI. And in order to prevent all doubts that may arise in relation to punifi -ing crimes ami offences committed against a former actor Parliament forpunish- ing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and tlnir quarters: be it dueled by ihe authority afcrcfjid, That all crimes and offences which have been committed against the said act, shall and may, during the continuance of this prejbnt act, be enquired of, heard, tried, and determined, adjudged, and punished before, and by the like courts, persons, powers, -authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the like crimes and offences committed against this act, may be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and puniflted $ and the proceedings of a court-martial upon any trial begun under the authority of such former act, shall not be discontinued by the expiration of the fame, but it shall be lawful to proceed to judgment upon such trial, and to carry such judgment into execution in like manner, as if the proceedings had been commenced under the authority of this adh

LXXII. Provided always, That no person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any offence against the said act, which shall appear to have been committed more than three years before the issuing of the commission or warrant for such trial, except only for the offence of desertion.

LXXIII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officers and persons employed, or that shall be employed in the several trains of artillery, be at all times subject to all the penalties and punishments mentioned in this act, and shall in all respects whatsoever, be holden to be within the intent ami meaning of every part of this act, during the continuance of the same.

LXXIV. And whereas it may be expedient in certain cases, and particularly in such matters wherein any of his Majesty's marine forces may be interested, that the officers of the marine forces shall be aflbeiated with officers of the land forces for the purpose of holding courts-martial: be it enacted and declared, That when and as often as it may be necessary, it shall and may be lawful for officers of the land and marine forces to fit in conjunction upon courts-martial, and to proceed in the trial of any officer or soldier of the land forces in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as if such courts-martial were composed of officers of the land forces only; and the officers of the land and marine forces are In such cases to take rank according to the seniority of their commissions in either fcnrice.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be and continue in force within the realm of Ireland, from the thirty-firstdayof March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and no longer.

CHAP.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

CHAP. XIX.

An Act for further amending an Act, Entitled, An Act for continuing and amending an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majestys Reign, Entitled, An Act for the Improvement of the City of Dublin, by making wide and convenient Passages through the fame, and for regulating the Coal Trade thereof, and for other Pur-fofes.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-third and

twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty's Reign, entitled, An act for continuing and amending an act passed in the twenly-fcmd year of his present Majestys reign, entitled, An act fr the improvement of the city of Dublin, by making wide and convenient passages through the fame, and for regulating the coal trade thereof, and for other purposes j it is enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand tight hundred and ten, there shall be granted, raised, levied, eollctfted, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a net additional duty of one shilling for and upon every ton of coals, not being the produce of this kingdom, which shall be imported or brought into the harbour of Dublin during the time aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, over and above all other duties payable for the fame; and it is also enacted, That the commissioners in tile iititl aA passed in the twenty-first: and twenty-second j'ears of his said Majesty's reign mentioned, might borrow at interest not exceeding six pounds per centum per annum, upon the credit of the said duty, such sum or asms of money as they lluudd judge necessary for carrying the purposes oi the said act into execution, and issue debentures payable out of the produce of the said ditties, at the time to be named, such debentures tarrying such intercut as aforesaid, or mortgage or demiic the said duties, or a iulneicnt part thereof, as a security for any sum or sums which should be borrowed by them ptirftiam to the said act: and whereas the said eeniniiiiioners under the said power have borrowed the sum of for.y-seven thousand five hundred pounds upon debentures, bearing an iuteretl at the rate of five pounds Vol. XV. Ccc per

immissioncts ay borrow iy sum not tccriiinj; X),ocol- at tcrcll, Hot

tccctling 4 :r cent.

ComtnifTi-

ers to jji'c Mictitures 1'iititlini! j»ct-Jon»lcmliii£ funutoin’ered evny r^ili June am)

2Ct)j iJiC,

without fee, ice.

until principal ji.ul oil',

ilcbintiiro; to he uinnhuai ;ii hurciit.

Duly fnl)’ jefl t»p.ip nicm. of iuie-idl.

U default In payment of lute: oil, Iccict.uy to commil’iniu’ri to jiive ertlifl-cates as hetc-

The thirtieth Year of George III.

per centum per annum: and whereas it will -tend to the advancement of the purposes of the said acts, if the said commissioners were empowered to raise and borrow, in manner and at the rate of interest in this act mentioned, money sufficient to pay off the said sum, and to enable them to proceed in effecting the purposes of the said acts: be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said commissioners, or any nine or more of them, be, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, to raise and borrow upon loan, by' debentures, such sum or sums of money as they shall think proper, not exceeding the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, at such interest not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, as they shall agree upon.

II. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall, for such sum or sums as shall he so borrowed, give the person or persons paying or lending the fame, one or more debenture or debentures, under their hands, acknowledging the receipt of such sum or sums, and entitling the person or persons paying or lending the liinie, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, to such interest as aforesaid, to lie paid by hall-yearly payments, on every twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fifth (lay of December, without any Ice or charge, and free from all dcdudlions, defalcations, or abatements whatsoever, until such time as their principal money shall be paid oil' tit one entire payment, and such debentures or receipts shall be numbered in arithmetical progression, where the common excels or difference is to be one, until the whole shall be numbered.

HI. Aml.bc it enacted, That the said commissioners shall well ami truly pay, or cause to be paid to the person or persons lending luck linn or itims, his, iter, or their executors, administrators, or aliigns, the interest agreed upon as aforesaid, according to the tenor of inch debentures, and that the said duty by the said act payable to the said commissioners, shall be subject to the payment of Inch interest, until the principal money shall be paid

;»S tUOlXnlld.

IV. And be it enacted, That in case default shall be made by the said commissioners in payment of the interest to become due on any debenture to be ilftied in pursuance of this act, the secretary to the said coniiiiifkoners shall, from time to time, as

often

The thirtieth Year of George III. 195

often as one years interest shall be due, on demand of the holder A.D. of any such debenture, at any time after ten days from the 1793-time such years interest shall be due, give to the person holding or producing the fame, a certificate under his hand, fp.ecifving the amount of the interest due and unpaid on every such debenture; and if any such secretary shall not on such demand give such fww&'ynot

J r r r r r certili-

certificate to the person requiring the fame, he mall forfeit for cate, to for every such offence the sum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, by any person who shall sue for the same, with full costs of suit, in which no privilege, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

V. And be it enacted, That the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, Vi«-trtj. receiver, or paymaster-general, of this kingdom, his or their de-

puty or deputies, so often as any debenture, the interest due on

which shall be so unpaid, together with such cci tificate as afore- iluct.1, tn pay

fiiid, shall be produced to him or them, shall, out of any monies "k

in his or their hands subject to the payment of the interest of

principal sums due by debentures or treasury bills, issued by the officers of his Majesty's treasury, on demand of the person

producing any such debenture and certificate as aforesaid, well

and truly pay to every such person the interest so certified to be

due on every such debenture, and lie or they shall be allowed

on his or their accounts so much money as shall have been so

paid.

VI. And be it enacted, That his Majesty, his heirs and fuc- His M»-cessors, shall be re-prized, and shall recover and receive out of the duty by the said act payable to the said commissioners, so payable much money as shall be so paid by the vice-treasurer or vice- one", (> treasurers, or other officers of his Majesty's treasury, in discharge J

of any interest to grow due on any such debentures, and from «a.-urafur«, thenceforth so much of the said duties granted to the said a»>i f much

commissioners as shall lie-equal to an interest at the rate of five 1,'j

pounds per centum per ammsi, for such principal sums on which any interest shall 2t any lime or times have been so paid by the «. for p*i,--said officers of the treasury, shall Hand veiled in his Majesty, his jvjjfb'bl'ilal heirs and successors, and shall he paid into his Majesty's tical’ury, as a fund for the discharge of the future interest of such principal nwi-i.>-,».«-sums on which any interest shall have been so paid by such ;'V" !.c’ u"

officers of the treasury, until such principal sums shall he paid. e -li-Kii.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners, Vjc 1"'" as soon as any sum or sums shall he raised and borrowed by i, wwl'..f

C c c z

virtue

The thirtieth Year of George III.

19G

A.D.

virtue of this act, equal to the amount of the principal sums lyyo. i'pcciiied in fitch debentures ifiuetl for the said sum of forty-seven Chap. IQ. thoul'aml five hundred pounds, shall pay and apply the same to indtiitniuita the discharge of the said sum, in manner herein after pre-f!,r feribed.

47.5COI.

coiamiflinners

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners, (I> Sl'aip"1" before they shall pay oft' any of the debentures heretofore issued, - hi-rtru-r drall eause to be publickly advertised in the Dublin Gazette, at ISvicccmn- |east one month before such debentures shall be paid oft', the oifXkoitun.1 day on which the fame, together with all interest due thereon, ful'|Ul!',"ul'l~ dull be paid off, and shall require all persons holding such vcitise ia U.v debentures to bring them on such day to the office of the fccre-Wl<L i'll"' tary of the said commissioners, to be mentioned in such adver-&;faS to receive payment for the fame; and such persons shall

upon payment thereof, deliver his, her, or their several and respective debentures to the said commissioners or their secretary to be cancelled, and he or they are hereby required to cancel the fame accordingly, and the interest of such debentures shall ccafe from the day which shall be so advertised for payment thereof. Afplici'iim

IX. And be it enacted, That after payment of the said sum of mii.i mk-r of lbrty-seven thousand five hundred pounds, the remainder of iTf.iVl 111 Inch money as shall he raised and borrowed in pursuance of this act, shall he applied by the said commissioners as follows, that is to il:v, a part thereof not exceeding the sum of twenty-one thmif.uid five hundred pounds to the widening of Dame-Street; and a fintiier pint thereof not exceeding the sum of twenty-five thoul'aml pounds to pay the several Turns awarded by the juries, for the purchase of the several grounds and premises necessary for the opening and continuation of Sackville-Street to the new , Ac. intended bridge.

IX'-ima to X. And whereas the great northern road is now opened and InT.s'-t-" an^ become one of the principal approaches to the

A luc.iur metropolis, and it will lie a great advantage to open a line to lu.'i'i'.s c' 'be fame, between Dorset-Street and the east fide of Rutlatui-! 'it Square, through, the Bariev-riekls: be it enacted, That a further fu'in: mfa- p,.rt of the remainder of the said monc-y, not exceeding the flint '.li'i'i.u-'or'1 of fivn thousand fix lumdred pounds, shall he applied to open I'.ui'.uul r,.l cumnleat a rulhiec from Dorset-Street to the east fide of Ktiliand-oquare.

Ma t.if

XI. Provided always, That no part of the said last mentioned

r'n'lo'kX' i'lim l)c so applied, until the right honourable Luke lord

=iV"=-

11.1 !ui.i

baron Mountjov, his heirs or assigns, shall have conveyed, or rtut: tu 1*. procured to be conveyed 10 live laid commissioners without any t.i.i. cou- consideration,

The thirtieth Year of George III. 197

consideration, his or their estate and interest in such grounds, as A.D. shall be necessary to open and coinpleat such passage to not less 1

than such breadth as may be judged necessary by laid commission-trs, not exceeding eighty-five feet.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the remaining sum of

’ ‘ 4001. to open

four hundred pounds, shall he applied to open a passage from a iraflage from ,. Sommer'liiil

ouinmer-Hill to the great northern road to the great

XIII. And be it enacted, That when and as often as there """|ll<:rn

shall, on any twenty-fourth day of June, or twenty-fourth day when on

of December, after the year one thousand seven hundred and j+SI'dms!'

ninety, lie any Turpins or exceedings of the said duty after the

payment of the imereft on the debentures to be issued in pur- fin ph» afar

fiance of this act, and all expences that may accrue in the cxe- mn"rest anj

cution of the said acts, or this nrefent act, or have been or are e*l,cn"*>

1 7 amounting to

authorized by the fame, amounting to the sum of one thousand 100&I. to he pounds; all such surplus on any of the said days shall be applied Jaymernof to the payment of such debentures, in manner following, that j]'^."lurcs " is to say, the said commissioners shall cause the numbers of such debentures for the several principal Turns then Handing out, and the Anns therein contained, to he written on several tickets or pieces of parchment, and to be rolled and sewed up in such manner as the said commissioners shall direct, and pm into a box or urn, and to be there well mixed together, and an indifferent person shall publickly, between the hours of ten in the forenoon and three in the afternoon, of such day or days as shall by the said commissioners be publickly advertised in the Dublin Gazette for that purpose, at lead twenty days before, at the office of their secretary in the city of Dublin, in the presence of three or more of the said commissioners, draw out of Inch box or urn so many of said tickets, or pieces of parchment, as that the Aims therein contained shall amount in the whole to the surplus so to be applied and paid in pursuance of this act, and the person'. or persons, the number of whose debentures or receipts shall be so drawn, his or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall within twenty days after the said tickets, or pieces of parchment shall lie drawn, be paid by the said secretary the principal Aims to him, her, or them respectively due, with interest for the fame, at the rates aforesaid, until paid, and shall upon payment thereof deliver his, her, and their several and respective debentures or receipts to the said secretary to be cancelled, which he is hereby required to cancel accordingly, and the interest payable by virtue of such debentures or receipts shall cease on the expiration of

Vol. XV. D d d twenty-

r^8 A. E>.

'790-Chap. 19.

U- Ut’llNirCS

Sanding out liable 10 a higher rate of intcreil than Olliers, commissioners to difcliarpefame out of fui'jllu* in preference to any others, and to give notice in Gazette; if not produced for payment on day appointed. miertft to ccafe after 20 days after infection of notice.

When com-nttflioners, or 011519 oftliein, think neerffary tu alter any llrcet now built, or form a m-w Uriel, they, or uny 3 of them, to give notice by writing to peifun, intc-

rested, as herein.

Jury not to award any sum for houses built, or itn-provs rncht> made, after notice f«wd.

Jury may

award such

films as appear rcafoiuble to persons dit-cowinuinc buildings, See,

The thirtieth Year of George III.

twenty-one days from the day of the drawing of said tickets, ov pieces of parchment.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any of the debentures handing out shall by default of payment of the intcreil as aforesaid, or by agreement or otherwise, be liable to a higher charge for, or rate of intcreil than the other of inch debentures, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, and they are hereby requircil to discharge the lame out of such surplus or iurplulles in preference to any others, and they shall give notice in the Dublin Gazette of their intention to discharge them; and if any shall not lve produced to them for payment on the day thereby to be appointed, all intcreil shall ceale thereon from and after twenty days alter the insertion of such notice.

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as it Avail appear to the said commissioners, or any nine or mere of them, to be needfary or expedient to alter any flveet now built, or to form any new street, in pursuance of the powers already vested in them by former acts of parliament, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, by writing under their hands, to give notice to any or every of the person or persons interested in the houses, grounds, or premises, through which the said new intended street is to pass, or alteration to be made as aforesaid, that it is the intention of the said commissioners to have the interest of the said pet son or persons valued by a jury, to be impannelled for that pu: pole,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if such person or persons served with such notice, Avail afterwards build or ered any house, or other improvement, on the said premiles, or any part thereof, or otherwise expend money thereon, the jury to be impannelled for the purpose of valuing the several and respective interests therein, Avail not alibis or award any sum of money, or other compensation, for any building or improvement which Avail be made after such notice given as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it Avail and may be lawful to and for any jury, to be impannelled by virtue of this and the former acts of parliament, to aflfefs and award such sums of money as to them Avail appear just and reasonable for the injury and damage fullained by such person or persons served with such notice, who shall have discontinued their buildings or improvements from the time of the service thereof to the day of returning the verdict of the said jury.

The thirtieth Year of George III. 199

XVIII. And whereas the said commissioners, pursuant to the A.D. powers in them by law veiled, have for the purpose of making '79a a convenient street or passage from his Majesty's cattle of Dublin to the Parliament-House and College-Green, caused the old buildings on the south fide of Dame-street, from Palace-ftrcettoTrinity-street, to be pulled down, atld new buildings to be erefled on the said fide of the said llrect, in such direction as they the said commissioners thought proper: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whensoever the respective proprietors of the Houses grounds on the south fide of College-Green, between Trinity-firect t,"-" and Church-lane, shall either build new houses, or new’ front twanTriniij-houses already built on said ground, they shall throw the front cimrcMunt, of such buildings hack from College-Green, so as to range in a lint with the said new buildings on the south fide of Dame-street, from South Great George’s-street toTrinity-street; and that Dame-itn-n; if they, or any of them, shall range the front of such new build- if raised ings otherwise than as aforesaid, he or they shall forfeit the iitm for(?;t of two hundred pounds, to be recovered by action, bill, plaint, or information; and it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, to itfue their warrant to the sheriffs of the said city, which warrant they are hereby authorized and required to obey, to caul'e so much of the said "ci' or

1 4% iun)(ii»g9 as

buildings as stall encroach on such range to be proftrateu and shall encroach abated, without the said commissioners, or the said fberifis, or any jj p*oUrate°. persons employed by them, being liable to answer any damages for the same.

XIX. And be it enacted, That when any new street is to be Lire of* laid out, the line of such street shall he approved of by nine or or

rr V n t Bdellium made

more of the said commissioners before any building shall be com- to a ftnat, menced; and where any addition is to be made to a street, part of which is already built, that such additions shall he built in9commission:

eis iHTuri;

such line as shall he approved of by (he laid commissioners, or iiuiMmsoom-any nine or more of them, tinder such penalties of fine and abate-ment as are herein before mentioned.

XX. And whereas the said commissioners intend forthwith to

New hflufes

catife the buildings on the north fide of College-Green and Dame- to Ik l.uilt, (facet, from Anglesea-street to Euftacc-llrcet, to he pulled down, newVront-and new buildings erected in the (lead thereof, in such direction ‘ld. °" "orl1'

° 1 hue of I ante-

as they the said ecir.missioners ft.oil think proper: be it enacted IW, from by the authority aforesaid, That v heiiftcver liie rel’pcdlive pro- mParli'nrv.cut-jirietors of the grounds on the north file of Dame-street, from Eustace-street to Parliament-street, shall either build new houses, Ityle oflniilii -or new front houses already built ui the said ground, they shall ‘'‘P0®1*1 I) tl d 2 build

200

5The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.B. build or new front the fame in a style or manner correspondenf 179°. with the style and manner of the fronts of the new buildings v!^—a!ready erected on the south fide of Dame-street aforesaid, opposite or iu mnimir to the said ground, or in such llyle and manner as shall be directed S'£r ^7 t*'c -aid commissioners, and in such line of direction as to

aiul iii1 Wi the front thereof as shall be directed in like manner.

line or three-

tion. Sic.

XXI. Provided always, That immediately after such new tyafltl'lwiM- buildings shall be creeled, or new fronts made in manner afore-

ings ncetid. fa‘u), the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall,

made, com- out of the funds veiled, and to be vested in them, cause to be

M raufc psift to the proprietors of such houses the reasonable value of the

proprietors to difference of the expence between fronting such houses in manner be paid itiHV- , % 0

renccoftx- arorcism), and ere<f!ing plain fronts of brick, with stone window-aflittein'i' llools, and door-cases; and also all such damage as shall by such proprietor or proprietors be sustained, by means of erefling fitch damag'e, in iront in the line so directed, such expence and damage, in case cast ofdifa- 0p difiigreement, to be alceriained by a jury, to be fuminoned

piccninit* to a 1 j j /1

k-afmmiutd in like manner as juries are summoned by the said commifii-

New limits

XXII. And whereas the f'.ld cotmni/lioners intend specdiiy to

to lie built, o! cause t]ie buildings on the weft fide of Drogheda-street to oc

lionles to he r D

new iriinted. pulled down, and new buildings to be erected instead thereof,

l"rogi*d,i-Ct0 range in a line with the well tide of Sackviile-street: be it

i.iiTt, to cor- ejuided by the authority aforesaid, That from the time such new

riTpoud uith 1 -

ilyli of fn.Ms buildings shall be erefled, the telpeftive proprietors of the grounds ifg"tobT’ ' 011 lbc call lide of Brogheda-street, when they shall either build mftedon ncK houses, or new front houses already built, on the said east

Welt tide, ’ 1 ’

fide of Drogheda-street, shall build or new front the fame in a

or m manner style or in,!tmer coirdpondciit with the style and manner of the tu be agreed_* \ '

upon by coil'- fronts oi '.lie new buildings to be erected on the welt fide or

niilEoous. f;roghcd;:-Street as aforesaid, or in a ftyie or manner to lie agreed

i-tion by the said commiOioners at the time.

Inunc.!i..XXIII. Provided always, That immediately alter inch new !npfib?!. k buildings shall be erected, and new fronts made in manner afore-wi'wffunw ^tid, 011 *;dd ea^ ^dc f"" Brogheda-street, the said commifli-made, c,n- oners, or any live or more of them, shall, out of the funds eausepropiic- veiled, and to he vested in them, cause to be paid to the pro-p'iJaftllreiu- rrK'tors such hollies the reasonable value of the difference of cf expi-non the expence between fronting such houses in the manner an re-lir' '%' ‘l!‘' cl"^'"ig plain fronts of brick, with Hone winde.-vr-

espi-n:'!' in bools, and door-cales, such difference of cxnence, in case of a-ic'inent'to dit.igivemcnl between the said commissioners and proprietors, to be

afeet mined

lw Ol'crMillil) i, before.

201

The ibirlidh Year of George III.

afeeriained in like manner as herein before provided, with respect A.D.

to Dr.me-street. 1 79°'

XXIV. And whereas hv an act passed in the twenty-full: and

twenty-second years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled. An

ad fir the more effectual carrying into execution the several laws & 2; G. 3.

relating to the turnpike road leading from tie city of Dublin to ,r'!^cl"oaa

MnHitnnir, and for enabling the trustees of [aid road to widen, and fl0m DuIJin 0 J J ~ , to Mtlllinpr,

make more convenient the approaches from the town of Chapel-'rzoil &c.

to the city of Dublin, and for other fiurpfes; and fir correcting a mistake in an ail passed in the last [Jjions of parliament in this kingdom, entitled, An ail fir making a Inrnpile road from Nenagh, in the county of Tipperary, to O'Briens Bridge, in the county of Clare: it is enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said trustees of the said turnpike road leading from Dublin to Mullingar, or any seven or more of them, to raise the toils on the said road, particularly for the purpose of widening the said road, between the town of Chapel-i/.od, and the city of Dublin, through any of the grounds contiguous to the Did road, not being enclosed within his Majesty's I’hoenix-Park, and to raise and borrow- such him or films of money, not exceeding in the whole the ftnr. of two thousand rounds, towards defraying the immediate expence of the salt! work, and to make satisfaction or compensation to the owners or occupiers of the contiguous grounds, for the damages which he or they shall or may thereby sustain: and whereas by one other act made in the twcuty-sixth year of his M.ycfty’s reign, entitled, An act for continuing and amending the & of 26 G. 3. several laves elating to the repairs of the turnpike road leading from Dublin to Mullingar, and fir more effectually enabling the Irnfices thereof to widen the iiarrove parts leading from Chapel-i-zod to Dublin, and on the t.oith and Jonlb files if the river Mi fey: it was provided. That whatever sum the whole of the tolls of the said road shall amount to annually, over and above the gross sum of two tlnnfand pounds, shall at lead he expended in widening and ll.er-toning lueii part of the said road as lies between the said town of Cuapel-izod, and the said city of Dublin, on both tides the river I.iiTcy, and shall not be applied, or any part thereof, to any other purpose wh.usoever: and whereas the said trustees have hitherto found it impracticable to borrow on the security of their own funds any him of money to enable them to execute the salt! work, but have proposed to pay annually the sum of three hundred pounds for nine years from the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to any person or perfects, who will advance or fe-eure the payment of two Vol. XV. if e e thousand

202 A.D. 1700. Chap. 19.

commissioners shall advance, See. any sum not exceeding 38C0l. for widening, Sec. the road between the Jiarrack and Chapel*izod,

provide! tmf-ti ct- of Mullingar turnpike shall by

deed covctMiit

to p^y fiid rnimidi'i'iuen ^co! ;icr annum, as here-

If any part of said annua! fnm of 300l. he unpaid 4: days after tlay appointed, lord chancel* lot, See. may appoint a re* reiver, as herein.

Trustees of

Mullinyar turnpike road to execute a ct.niiaet to dfcdl aloie*

Un\ l

erny itnt«al or contuiu aaec ot laid act. and any toll to be >c-

The thirtieth Year of George III.

thousand pounds, provided tolls shall’ be so long collected on said road leading from Dublin to Mullingar, and the commissioners for making wide and convenient streets in the city of Dublin, are desirous out of their funds to advance or secure such fiun not exceeding the film of three thousand eight hundred pounds, as shall he necesliirv to compleat the said intended work, and widen the street from the Barracks to Island- Bridge, od being secured in the payment of the said sum of three hundred pounds a year for nine years by laid trustees of the said turnpike road: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any nine or more of them, out of the funds vested in them hv this and former aits of parliament, shall advance, apply and pnv any lum of money not exceeding the ium of three thousand eight hundred pounds, to be laid out and expended in widening and making the said road between the Barrack of Dublin and C.hapel-i/.od, and in pnrchafing the several houses and grounds necesliirv to make the lame wide and convenient, provided the trustees of the said Mullingar turnpike, shall by a good and sufficient deed or instrument to be executed by a competent number of them, covenant and protnife to pay to the said commissioners, or any nine or more of them, the annual sum of three hundred pounds on certain days to be therein named, for the term of nine years, if tolls shall so long continue to be raised on the said road, towards the re-payment of fitch sum so to be advanced.

XXV. And belt further enacted, That in case the said annual sum of three hundred pounds, or any part thereof, shall be behind or unpaid for the space of forty-one days after any of the days appointed by the said deed or contrail for the payment thereof, the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or commissioners of the great seal may, upon a petition and affidavit, appoint a receiver to receive so much of the tolls of the said road as may be necessary to pay unto the said commissioners such sum, and the receivers fees, ami all reasonable cells attending Ittch application, or to make such order f»r fcqucftcring the tolls for tite payment thereof as to justice shall appertain.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees of the said Mullingar turnpike road, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authori/.cd and required to sign and execute a contrail to the tenor and effect aibreiaid, any law to tire contrary r,o;wiih:l;iiiding; and that every renewal or continuance of the said

act, :md any tells to he received on the said road by virtue of any act or acts of parliament hereafter tc be passed, shall be subject

The thirtieth Year of George III. 203

subject to the said charge of three hundred pounds a year, and A.D. all arrears thereof for the term aforesaid, and to all remedies for 79°-recovering the same.

XXVII. And whereas there are many narrow streets, lanes, cetved on said and passage-s in the city of Dublin, and the liberties thereof, rfib£'aato where there are waste and unbuilt grounds, or where houses and Wcharge

r ?t.d arrears,

buildings have been heretoiore made, and such houses or build- an- to rerac-ings have fallen, or are going into decay, and the opening and widening of Inch narrow streets, lanes, and paflliges would be of^cl'-great benefit to all and every the inhabitants of such narrow llrcets, lanes, and paflliges, and also to the owners and proprietors thereof, and of such waste or unbuilt grounds or houses, and would be a great improvement to the said city: be it enacted,

That where the said commissioners, or any three or more of them 'vimc there shall deem it expedient to open or widen any such street, lane, jromills! or or pafliige, and a jury shall have assess'ed and awarded, or shall a (Ms and award the (inn or sums to be paid to the several persons "

llrccls, &c»

interested in so much of every inch llrecr, lane, or passage, as shall be valued by such jury for the purpose of widening such street, lane, or passage, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon application anil commis-made in writing by the person or persons owning or entitled to two parts in three of the front of either fide of c\cry filth street, arej>t^to open lane, or passage, to affel’s and applot the whole amount of such vc. wheu’ sum or lums so awarded, or to be awarded by every such jury jv"rd fom/;’, on all the owners or proprietors of the grounds to the fronts Oil P,',r'"15 intc-

1 0 rcHed, as

hotn hues of every such nicer, lane, or passage lo widened, or herein,

to be widened in rateable proportions according to the number conimlflioncrj

of feet running measure, which every such owner or proprietor jj0fr'^an'5

shall have, or be entitled to in both the fronts of such street,

lane, or passage; and in case such owner or proprietor, or owners ;fproprietors

or proprietors as aforesaid. or any of them, his, her, or their &c- rrcf"fe 10 r p4^ *ums ap*

heirs or representatives, shall rciule or neglect to pay to the said jotted within

commissioners, or to their c!er!: or secretary fertile time being, mo"^‘"

such sum or sums as shall or may have been so applolted upon eommaionenl

them resptclively as aforesaid, witltin lix calendar months from Ml fudi

the date of such applotment, that then it shall and may be lawful nintted/ii

for the said commissioners, or any three or mere of them, by l,eri'ln’

one or more deed or deeds in writing under their hands and fcals,

to grant, bargain, fell, anu aliign the several sums of money which

Ilia.! have been so as nibresaid applotrcd upon such of the owners

or proprietor-! or every inch llreet, lane, or pafliige, as have

declined or refilled to pay the same within the said ipace of fix

F.cc: months

2C4 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

months as aforesaid, to any person or persons who shall advance I70-. and pay the Aim or films so applotted and remaining unpaid to Chap. ly. ti,c laid commissioners, (itch Aim or Aims to be applied by them ar:,iM!iuu uf to the ptirchal'e of fitch parts of the said flrect, lane, or palhige, lu""‘ as li.ail be necessary for the opening and widening of fitch street,

lane, orpallage.

Sums pnuit- XXVII!. And belt further enacted, That the several Aims of by'« nietif' monL‘" tH Ac as aforesaid granted, fold, or r.IAgned, by virtue . f, iti'saft, (nli- oy hi purfiunce of this act, Audi bear and be subject to an interdl Ita'pT'1 after the ram of six pounds per cmlum per annum, and that as well tile: said fewrul loins of money lo to be assigned as the said rumstn ticni*- inieied for the faint, at the rate aforesaid, to be computed lri’in Imuil't iu'L l'lc day of the date of every fitch allignment, shall he charged comiviteii ami and chargeable upon, and shall be deemed and taken to be a iiut herein.’ and incumbrance upon the’ grounds of, or belonging to every fitch owner or proprietor, lunate in every Inch respective tiled, lane, or passage as aforesaid, and every Inch charge, lien, and incumbrance shall have, and shall lie deemed and taken to have the lame priority in payment according to the date ol Inch assignment, as if the allignee or grantee of every Inch charge, lien, and incumbrance, nr the perl’on or ptrlous entitled benelicially to the principal and inter, It secured thereby respectively, was L'r wete mortgagee cu mongagecs thereof, tfoilin-tp:.!

XXIX. And be it timber enacted, That il the principal linn '"! Imi'iiui'.i or Anns so to be granted and alligned by virtue of this act, and

uuliin4t|1(. hucrdl thereof, or any of them, shall not be discharged and paid by the owner or proprietor of such grounds or premiles whereon the lame Audi have been applotted as aforesaid, their heirs, executors, adminillrt'tots, or aliigns, respecti\,iy, within four wars from the respective date of every Inch deed or deeds, grrar.«, Se aiugnment or alllgnmems, tint then, and in every such case, it rv>;r.;r Hull and may be l.iwf.i! to and for the grantee or grantees, allig-li. lahul.f- nee or aliignees of eery such deed or deeds, Alignment or af-licitlu." ' lignnients, his, Iter, or their heirs, executors, or administrators, or the person or persons in whom the Anne shall be vested, or to whom the beneficial interest thereof iltall belong, to raise and levy such Atm and linns, together with tite inured thereof as afore-lidid, by lale of the cvner or proprietors estate or intcrcfi in the said premises upon a hill to be Aled in a court of equity lor that ptirpose, together with the full colls of liich suit or proceedings, and to have every other remedy for the recovery of tb- ptimipal money. itucnll, and colls due, or to accrue due upon . cry such aiiigituK'.U in Inch and the like manner to ail intents and ntsr-

pVcs

The thirtieth Year of George III. 205

poses as if such person or persons were actual mortgagee or mort- A.D. gagees of the estate or interest of every such owner or proprietor 179°* of the said grounds or premises.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, A public act. That this act shall be declared a publick act, and shall be deemed and taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and others, in all courts and places, without pleading the lame.

C 'H A P. xx:

An Act for the better enabling the Royal Canal Company to carry on and compleat the Royal Canal from the City of Dublin to Tarmonbury. on the Riser Shannon.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-ninth year W of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the promotion and encouragement of inland navigation, it is enacted.

That so soon as any of the subscribers to any of the undertakings therein mentioned, should be conllituted and created into a body corporate, they should be, and hand inverted with, and hold and enjoy all and singular the like powers, privileges, advantages and authorities in all tilings for the purposes of carrying on the navigations, and off-branches therein mentioned, as were before the parting of that ad verted in the corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland, and as; were then vested in the company of undertakers of the Grand Canal, for the purpose of enabling them to carry on the said canal: and whereas the undertakers for coinpleating a navigable canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury, on the river Shannon, pursuant to their petition presented to the house of commons the last sessions, as in the said act mentioned, have since parting the said act been incorporated by the name of the Royal Canal Company: and whereas it has become necessary for the said company to deviate in some respects from the plan proposed by the said petition, for the commencement of the said navigation from the city of Dublin; and it is necessary to invert the said company with further powers for the carrying on and coinpleating the said navigation, and the off-branches therefrom, and for the regulating and conducting the fame: be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Vo 1.. XV. i'ff parliament

to c»mj)U-at navigation) as herein;

of canal 5

20g The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

parliament artembled, and by the authority of the same, That 1790. the said company, and their successors, be, and are hereby em-Chap. zo. powered and fully authorized by themselves, their agents, over-R.ipiciliiil seers, workmen, and servants to carry on and compleat the afore-roir.|«oy. ana navjg-;ltion, between the city of Dublin anil the aforesaid

fiicct tfors.

caipovcrctl town of Tannonbury on the river Shannon, as follows, (that is to say) the said navigation to commence from the city of Dublin by two navigable cuts or canals, one of the said navigable cuts to commence, and be cut and made from the river Litfcy to such meliiifndline part thereof at the callwurd of the New Custom-Hotife, as the said company shall judge most expedient, and the other of the said natigable cuts to commence at or near such part of Courti-tmion Hill, otherwise called Glafnevin-Road, as the said company shall lind most expedient, each of the said navigable cuts or canals to be cut and made in such directions as that they shall unite near Prospect, on the road leading irom Dublin to Glafnevin, and at that place form one canal, which is from thence 10 he conducted through the lands of Cabragli and Alluown, in the said county of Dublin, in or near stich line and direction, and in such manner as is delineated and described in and by a map thereof, lately lodged with the clerk of the house of commons, and the said navigation is from thence to be conducted to or near the said town of Tarmonhury, by a line to be carried on near Lucan, Lcixlip, Mavnooth, Kilcock, Kinnegad, and Mullingar; and further, that the said company be, and are hereby empowered and authorized to make such navigable cuts from such part or parts of the aforesaid line of navigation, as may appear to them expedient, to or towards the towns of Trim, Athboy, lvells, and pnwernfeui-Castletown-Delvin; and also to make and cut all fuc.h navigable off-branches from the said line of navigation to such nuuket towns, or other places, as may to them leem moil expedient, and to open all rivers, and make all such outlets, and otheroft-branches ruts, and navigations, rclcrvnirs, pafiiigcs, dams, and weirs, as may by the said Royal Canal company be judged necessary for carrying on the said works, and supplying the said navigation and oil-branches with wa-e:‘.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Royal Canal company he, and are hereby inverted with, and that they shall from . henceforth hold and enjoy all and every the like powers, privi-,pnr.ui.n bges, advantages, and authorities in all things, for the purposes y 0! eairving on the said navigation and off-branches, in manner aforesaid, as were at any time before the passing of this act verted in the corporation, for promoting and carrying oil an inland navigation

tinp ufT braiichc

Royal Gt* nal company to enjoy like

in tlm oviv p-.uv oi :b

The thirtieth Year of George III. 207

ption in Ireland, by virtue ci' the several acts ol parliament A.D. heretofore passed in this kingdom relative to, and concerning in- *79°-!.md navigation, and as are now vested in the company of under-takers of the Grand Canal, for tire purposes of enabling them to carry on tire ("aid canal, by virtue of an act passed in this kingdom, in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An nfl for ambling ecriiiin persons to carry on and com pleat the Grand Canal; and also the like powers as are by the said acts relative to inland navigation vested in the said corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland, and as are now vested in the said company of undertakers of the Grand Canal, for enabling them to purchase, and f«ne power»«

1111’ to furouior.ing

to lurnmon juries for the valuing of any lands, lioulcs, tene-ju,iCSi meats, and hereditaments, except only gardens and orchards, the produce whereof shall not be intended for public falc, yards, iawns, walled deer parks, and planted avenues, as may be necessary for compleating the said navigations, and for making fuel) wharfs, quays, store-houses, marlcct-houses, locks, batons, docks, and other conveniencics as may be by the said Roya! Canal company judged necessary, and that the said Royal Canal company may be enabled to hold such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as they shall so purchase; and further, that the said Royal Canal company like p°"c>-. Avail be, anti are hereby inverted with the like powers to take, uvm!'.'"' turn, and draw into the said navigation and off-branches, the waters of ali such rivers, rivulets, lakes, and brooks, as may be necessary for carrying on the aforesaid works, anti supplying the said navigations and off-branches with water, they, the said company liril inaVII, first making compensation, as by the said acts directed, to the as hcrci!.3.' " ’ owners and proprietors of any mills or bleach-greens which may be damaged by the said works, or by carrying off such water or waters; provided such mills or bleach-greens were erected before the first day of April, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be Nut tu lira.) lawful for the said Royal Canal company to take, turn, or draw wh;ci, uuw into the said navigation, or off-branches, or any of them, any gr' water train any lake, river, rivulet, ilream, brook, or reservoir,

the water of which now (lows into the Grand Canal.

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall he Ali« m conilrtied to empower the said Royal Canal company, after they shall have proceeded in the execution of the said navigation to d'" the dirtanec ol fourtetn miles from the city of Dublin, to make any navigable cut or cuts at a nearer dtrtance than four miles Canal, except I'ff: from

208 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

from the present Grand Canal, except where it may be necessary 1790- for the Royal Canal to take water for the supply of the faiil Chap. jo. navigation, which is not ul'cd for the Grand Canal, and except for the purpose of supplying the city of Dublin, or elsewhere, with turf.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That- nothing herein contained shall hinder or prevent, or be deemed or taken to hinder or prevent the said company from purchasing for the ul’e and purposes of the said navigations, and off-hranches, any garden, orchard, yard, walled deer-park, or planted avenue, or any part thereof, by agreement with the proprietor or proprietors thereof.

VI. And whereas it has happened that after notice had been given of an intention of conducing a canal or inland navigation through particular grounds or lands, the proprietors or tenants of lush grounds or lands have made leases, or entered into agreements in writing for Ieal’es to other persons at advanced and exorbitant rents, thereby to procure upon the evidence of such leases, or valuation by jury of such grounds and lands to a much greater amount than the real value thereof, for remedy whereof;

I.rafis made be it enacted, That all and every leal'e or leases, grant or grants, pivenmhe.c- article or articles in writing, of what nature or kind l'oever in, roiJ; which has, or have been, cr shall he made or executed by any proprietor of any lands, grounds, tenements, or premises through which said Royal Canal, or any of the off-branches thereof, shall he conduced, or is or are, or shall he intended to be conduced, liter notice in writing has been given, < r shall be given to such proprietor, of the conducing, or intention of conducing such canal or navigation, or off-hranches, or any of them, through Inch land, ground, tenements, or premises, shall be null and void, such leases not as against the said company; and (itch leal’e or leases, grant or 'o!'j'ryfim- firai,tsi article or articles, shall not he received as evidence of Iffi as herein, the value of such lands, grounds, tenements, or premises, by any jury who shall he impannelled to value the fame, unless it shall appear by the oaths of both the lelfor ami lessee, grantor and grantee therein, to be taken before the jury, and the cotnmilli-oners appointed to hold such valuation, that such Ieafe or leases, grant or grants, snide or articles was or were made and executed m puriuauce of fonte agreement really and buvaJiJe entered into hx months at lealt before such lessor or grantor had received li. c.i in';ice as afcrefaiii, and that such agreement was entered m’o "Hi.nut the parties thereto, cr either of them having had ii.v Knowledge or notice whatever that ludi navigation was

The thirtieth Year of George III. 209

5.'.tended to be conduced through such lands, grounds, tenements, A.D. or premises. ' ’~9--

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such leases, emits, and articles, save as to so much of the lands, grounds, Sc.

' t . - , binding, save

tenements, and premises thereby dcmiieu or granted, as mall be as to tW actually occupied for the purposes of such navigation as aforesaid, j

shall be fully binding and condusive tipon the grantor or grantors, and the grantee or grantees therein; any tiling herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the commissioners who shall, Conimiffi-pursuant to the powers vested in the said company, be from ii-.enir, d-f-time to time appointed by the said Royal Canal company for p*’c%of, f'®1* summoning juries, and holding inquisitions for the valuing of f-immonij.s any lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises, to he madeJ r use of for the purposes of the said navigation, and off-branches, or any three or more of the said commissioners, shall have full power and authority to lay and impose any reasonable fine, not exceeding twenty pounds, for any one offence, upon any (hcriff or sheriffs who shall disobey any precept or precepts duly and legally issued by the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, for summoning any jury or juries for valuing any lands, grounds, tenements, or premises, for the purposes of the said navigation, or oiT-branches; and also any fine, not exceeding ten I0'-. ('""’'r

0 , , 0 on juryman

pounds each, upon any juryman or jurymen who shall not at- notaticwiinj, tend upon such jury or juries, upon being summoned forty-eight hours before the day appointed for the meeting of such jury or juries, all which fines shall be estreated into his Majesty's court of Exchequer, and shall be levied in such manner as fines-im-> linn posed by the judges at nip prii/s upon sheriffs or jurors, are ellreat- 1,1,1 ed or levied.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,-That Company^ the said Royal Canal company shall be capable in law to ptir- lands not cx-chafe and take any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, over and

besides those to be tifed for the purposes of the said navigations, _of_i>"r‘ not exceeding the value of five hundred pounds by the year, at livco’fihufc the time of such purchase or taking, and to grant, alien, de-mile, or dispose of the fame, or any part thereof, at their free will and pleasure.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be Mm l-wf-ii lawful for any of the member or members of the said company, tl,

or any person whatever to vote at an election of any member or j-" ( members of parliament for any city, county, or borough within puwbic. this kingdom, in right of any estate or interest in any lands,

Vol. XV. G g g tenements,

2io The thirtieth Year of Georg-e III.

A.D.

tenements, or hereditaments, which may be purchased cr acquired

1790. l,y the said company, by virtue or in pursuance of any of the powers by this act vested in the said enmpany, and that no per-i'on whatever shall by virtue or in right of any grant, lease, or demile whatever made to him by the said company of any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any ellate or interest therein derived mediately or immediately under the said company, have or acquire any right whatever, to vote as an eleClor on any such election as aforesaid, any thing in this act; contained notwithstanding.

lawful to

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in con-r^litrci'n!1"'3’ sideration of the expence and trouble which the said company shall be put to in making and maintaining the said navigation, and the off-branches thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said company and their successors, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to a Ik, demand, receive, and fuc for, to the life of the said company, and their successors, the several rates and duties herein after mentioned, (that is to say) for every boat or other vessel navigating the said navigation and off-branches, or any part thereof, either upwards or downwards, in which any goods, merchandizes, or commodities, or other matter whatever, shall be carried, such rates and duties as the said company ordain and appoint, not exceeding the sum of threee pence for every mile for and upon every ton of the burthen or tonnage of such boat or other vessel, or for every ton weight of such goods, merchandizes or commodities whatsoever, which shall be carried upwards or downwards upon the said navigation, at the discretion of the said company, and an additional rate- not exceeding two -pence per ton for every lock which shall be palfed by any such vessel through the communication of the said navigation, between the junction of the aforesaid navigable cuts at Glafnevin road aforesaid, and the river Liffey, save and except, and provided always, That no higher toll than three half-pence per mile, be charged on each ton weight of corn, meal, malt, or flour, brought to Dublin, by the said navigation.

Company

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said company may perrnilTfor *n bke manner alk, demand, receive, and sue for to the use of each pair,n- t|,e laid company for each passenger in any vessel navigating upon the said canal, any sum not exceeding two pence for every mile such passenger shall be carried.

On refusal^

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in feJs or goods case of reful'al to pay the said several duties, it shall and may drained lawful to an^ for the ^id company and their servants, either to distrain

The thirtieth Year of George III. 21 x

distrain such boats or other vessels, or the goods therein for the A.D. fame, and dispose thereof, as is ultial in cases of distress for non- 179^' payment of rent, or to sue for the recovery of the fame by civil bill: and in case any cifpute shall aril'e touching the sum to he a;.",..- t l.e paid for any such rate, the same shall be adjusted hv afiy jufliec ’y

of the peace of the county or city in which such dispute shall happen, with liberty for either party to appeal from such deter- ;i|’Pj'al v|," initiation to the next going judges of aliize lor the county wherein ,f JaiizJ' such dispute shall arise; or in cale the said dispute shall arise in the city of Dublin, or in the county of the said city, to the jtil-tices of the said city, or of the said county, at the quarter-sessions, whose determination therein shall he final.

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no No duty, rate, toll, or culiom whatsoever, (live the rates herein men- mamuucJ. tinned, shall he taken for, upon, or out of any goods, merchandizes, commodities, or other matter whatsoever which shall or

may be carried by the said navigation, to or fot any place whatsoever.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted,- That any thing Not to Jr-herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend to T*r the depriving, the corporation of the city of Dublin, of any toll

or culiom that they have hitherto been infilled to receive on goods so:c rcotvoJ. brought into, pr carried out of the county of the said city of Dublin.

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the proprietors of the said joint stock, their executors, administrators, and assigns, shall be entitled to the tolls, duties* advantages, and profits hereby yelled in the said company, in proportion to their respective interests in the joint Hock of the said company, and to the foil and water of the said navigation and off-bl'anchct, together with the banks thereof, and such pprtions of ground as the said company arc impowered to acquire by virtue of this act, subjgdt to such charges as the said company shall think fit to make for the completing and preferring of the find works, and that inter. U ..r the said proprietors interest therein, shall be deemed and adjudged !i" ss in all courts of law and equity, to be perfimal and not real eliate, ’ and shall also be deemed and adjudged in the bands of the said proprietors, their executors, administrators, and assigns, not sub- i.>: Hpo . jest to, or to be affected by any of the laws to prevent the growth of popery, or subject to any discovery under the fame, >:r<"vl1.

Proprietory of joint stock, tl.rir executes, S*e.

vc in pio-

portion to

tlii.ii iMcrdUp

and that no person being or becoming a member or fiilil'eriber for carrying on the said navigations, lba'1 there!})', or in re-' l'pect of his interest in the capital (lock of the said company, lie ’'"‘"'i'1

M-fcrihef t-ni

(«)!» i

G

liable

2t2

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

_ *79°-

Chap. 20.

c^j.aal Hoc1*, &c not lioMi to fjrcsjM; at* ta-.liiticnt.

Conifr.n/ by byc-liiwa may deter-

n«ir,s W uaa of boatmen, 5. c.

tnny brrpose fines not exceeding 5l.

Bye-laws ful into writing under rea) of company.

liable to be .1 bankrupt, within the meaning of any law concerning bankrupts, nor shall the capital stock of the faitl company, or the interest of any particular member therein be liable to any foreign attachment.

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Royal Canal company, by their byc-laws to be passed by them in such manner as directed by the charter by which they are incorporated, to settle and determine the wages of beat-men, or other persono who shall carry or convey goods in any veffd upon the said navigations, and to make such rules, orders, and regulations, as they fir all think ft for the well governing such boat-man, and all other persons navigating upon the said navigations, and to impose reasonable fines and forfeitures upon all persons offending therein, the said fines and forfeitures to be levied by such ways and means as the said company shall direct by such their bye-laws, so as that no such fine shall exceed upon any person for one offence five pounds.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That all such bye-laws as shall be made by the said company, pursuant to the directions of the said charter, Audi be put into writing, under the seal of the said company, and shall be binding upon, and be observed by all parties to whom the same shall relate, and shall be sufficient in any court of law or equity, to justify all persons who shall act under the fame, or in levying any penalty or forfeiture thereby incurred.

ftifon* «B-

XIX. Provided nevertheless, That any person who shall think complain^ himself aggrieved by any order or judgment made in pursuance vitkln 3 of any fujl, bye-law, may complain, within three months after justices at such order or judgment, to the justices at the quarter-sessions iji

nrrtt the county wherein such bye-laws shall be carried into execution, ... or in the county of the city of Dublin, which said justices shall

power ofjuf- J ’

lien; in a summary way hear and determine the said complaint at such quarter-sessions, and if they fee cause, may mitigate or alter such fine or forfeiture, and may order any money to be returned which shall have been levied or paid in pursuance of such byelaw, and may also order such further satisfaction to be made, and give such costs to the party injured as they shall judge If complaint reasonable; and if any complaint Hull appear to the said justices w‘‘1,out to be made without just cause, that then the said justices may complainant order the party complaining to pay such costs, not exceeding

t« pay com, r. - r ' ,

not acceding "ve pounds, to the party against whom such complaint shall be sf made, as the said justices shall judge reasonable; and the said

justices

The thirtieth Year of George III.

justices shall issue their warrant for levying such money so ordered to be returned, or to be paid, or such costs so given, by distress of the goods and chattles of the person who shall he liable to pay the same.

XX. And be it enailcJ, That no order or resolution of the corporation, court of direfiors, or other meeting of said corporation, be altered, refeinded, or re-considered, without giving seven days notice at the lead in writing to the persons present at the time fuel] order or resolution was made.

XXI. And whereas it is probable that the said canals, or some off-branches from the same, may run through bog, in which case it may be necessary for the said company, in order to render permanent such parts of the said navigation as may pass through fuel] bog, to take in a reasonable quantity' in breadth of such bog on each side of the said canal; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for the said company, and they are hereby empowered and authorized to cause to be valued, and to take in, and purchase such portions of such bog as they may judge expedient, not exceeding in breadth fifty perches on cither fide from the hanks of the said navigation, such valuations and purchases to be made in such manner as the said company are hereby empowered to purchase lands, tenements, and hereditaments, for the purposes of the said navigation.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said company to make and erect one or more turnpikes upon and across any of the trackways which shall be made on cither fide of the said navigation, and off-branches, and to take and receive to their own use for all carriages, horses, mares, geldings, mules, calves, hogs, sheep, and lambs, which Shall pass into or upon the said trackways, the like tolls which the trustees for amending and repairing the road leading from Dublin to Mullingar, are now by law intitled to take and receive for carriages, horses, mules, cattle, calves, hogs, sheep, and lambs, passing upon the said road.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in case the tolls now payable upon the several articles aforesaid, passing upon the said road leading from Dublin to Mullingar, shall at any time or times hereafter be altered or varied, the tolls to be taken and received by the said company, upon the several articles, matters, and things aforesaid, passing upon the said trackways, shall upon every such alteration or variation be, and Hand altered and varied accordingly, so as that the toils to be taken and received by the said company upon the several articles, matters, and things aforesaid,

Vol. XV. H It It passing

Chap 20.

cods to he levied by dil-trefa.

Order of corporation, &c. not to be refetnded without 7 days notice.

Company may purchase bog of breadth heicin.

T nrnpikea may htf created

what tolls are tube received.

If tolls on road from Dublin to Mullingar be altered, the tolls on canal shall be altered.

214

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

I79°-Chap. 20.

How lufl nit'Klionrd toll* ate to lx levied.

Same power of railing grave!, &c. as Overfrers of public roads.

Owner of Imat inswer-able fm damage- done lo wotks by crew {

as likewif for ilamnsi done to goods by the crew.

passing upon the said trackways, shall at all times hereafter be the like tolls as those to be taken and received by the said trollies upon the like articles passing upon the said road from Dublin to Mullingar.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the said company be, and are hereby empowered by themselves, or any person or persons by them authorized to levy the said lull mentioned tolls lo to be paid to them upon the several articles, matters, ami things afore-liiid, passing upon the said trackways, by diitreis, leizure, falc, detention, or otherwise, as fully and extenlivdy as the tiiillees of the several turnpike roads in this kingdom are empowered to levy the tolls payable on Inch roads rdpebtivciy.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the said company, their agents and servants, he, and are hereby inverted with all and every the fame powers and authorities for railing and carrying away gravel, Hones, earth, and other materials for the works of the said navigations and off-branches, as are verted in overseers of public roads, l,y several abis of parliament in that case made and provided, subject to the fame regulations and restrictions to which fitch overseers are by the said acts made subject.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the owner of every boat or vessel navigating the said canal or navigation, or any of the ofi-branches thereof, shall be an-fwcrable for any damage or mischief which shall be done by any of the new or persons belonging to such boat or vessel, to any of the works of the said navigation, to be recovered by the said company by civil bill, and thall allb be answerable for any damage or mischief which shall be done by any of the crew or persons belonging to Inch boat or voflcl to any of the goods L.den in liich boat or vessel, such damage to be recovered by the owner or owners of such boat or vdTel, or goods lb damaged, by civil bill, within the county wherein Inch damage shall be done.

Owner of

XXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

boat ubtlrud- . r <- i i i <* i

i»g pad'igc* u any person having the charge or management or any boat or ot'llT vessel, or navigating or working the fame, shall lav liich fr..m Ms tan, boat or veil'd so as to obstruct the passage of other boats or 1111 4°- vessels, and shall not upon rapid! immediately remove the fame, or shall hinder the opening or fliutting of any of the locks. Unices, dams, or other works of the said navigation, or if the person lining the care or management of Inch vessel, shall be absent, unless ly reason of some inevitable accident lie-in the boat or vefle! to which he belongs, at any time" during the courie

c-i

The thirtieth Year of George III. 215

of the passage on the salt! canals ci off-branches, every person i'o A.D. offending, shall for every fit eh offence forfeit any sum not exceed- 1790, ing forty 'shillings, to he recovered and leaded by any person Chap. 20, who shall give information thereof, and prove the fame by the oath of one credible witness before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace, which laid juliice is hereby impowered to levy the said pen.dty off the offenders goods and chattels, by warrant under Itis hand and k-d,

XXYiii. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 4os.penatiy That if any pc. son shall wilfully throw any ballall, floncs, dung, throwing M-dirt, rubbish, or clay into the said canal, cuts, or off-branches, or 1'"t0 in any of the parts of the said navigation, or shall without the content of the said company lay any Hones, dung, dirt, rubhiih, h^ks.'&c!6 brick, lime, timber, or day upon any track-road or bank bclone- or fVr"’m'

7 it, o nowing corn

ing to the said canals or navigations, or any of the off-branches on banks m' thereof, or shall winnow corn upon the said banks or track-ways, ’ fitch person being convicted of any of the said offences before any justice of the peace of the county, or of the county of the city where file’ll offence1 Hull be committed, by rlie oath of one witness ai the lead, Jba!) forfeit to ibe laid company the sum of forty shillings; and in case 1'uch offender shall not immediately on refusa! ..f after conviction pay 1’uch sum, lie cr Ibe lliuli by the warrant of di,"-’

iif correC fur any 1

the said justice be lent to the house of coifc-fUeiri, to be kept to hard labour for such time as such justice fl.ad dire A, not exceedingenxnling three months; and if any person shall keep any raft of timber or 3 '"om'Si boards floating 011 the said navigation, or any part thereof, without the consent of the said company, such person being convine'd rafts of ii.-n-thereof before any justice of the peace as aforesaid, shall forfeit the ’

sum of forty findings to iiie laid company for every such offence, and shall also make full fttisfaflion to the said company for any Janing.?. damage that may be done thereby.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Ilium lx That if any boat or other vdff stir.il happen to be funk in any of the said navigations or off-brunches, and the owner or person Iiav- |"|l ing the care thereof, shall not without lol's of time, weigh or (errant may

0 1 r* 1 /r v.rip/i it up

draw up the fame out 01 the v:*.y ci other vessels patting upon ami detain it tile said navigations or off-brandi-s, any agent or servant of the company may cause inch b< for valid to be weighed or drawn ciifcluised: up, and detain the fame u nil; -.yment iie made ol ad expence occasioned liicrebv, wnc; ii’ tuch icvn-eiit be not made in four if pwr.-i.i; I*

1 ' ... iiot lai'ik* in

days, Iliad caui'e sale to i:. male ;!...rcoi’, i’ur re-k.dueling the said ,|:iys, f.;:c expellee or incident eh..i,;c-, and iha! return the overplus to the owner of such boat or \cffel.

Ii ii h 2

116 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1.790. That if any person shall inaliciously open, or catiie to be open-

Chuj!. ,0. c[]( any lock, sluice, or dam-gate or water-course belonging to the

5I jinialiy said navigation, or shall I'o leave any of the fame open or run-

«"Iraving8’ n'nS’ after aliy boat or wffel shall have passed any lock belong-

upeu any luck, hig to the said navigation, or shall otherwise inaliciously milpend or waiting , , r

w:.»n, ;ts or waste the water oi the laul navigation, every person for mdi

herein; offence shall forfeit the sum of five pounds; and if any person or

personsdn- persons shall wilfully and inaliciously break down or damage, or

" calllt; to be broken down or damaged any of the works which the fnm nc- shall be made for the life of the said navigation, all and every

paii fuchda- person and persons to offending, and being thereof convicted upon

ma6C’ an information or indictment, shall forfeit to the said company-

treble the sum necessary to he laid out in repairing i'uch damage,

sum to lie af- which sum shall be ascertained by the jury who shall try such

~1 b> 3 offence, and the judge before whom such offence shall be tried,

shall commit such offender or offenders to the common gaol for committal to' . , 0

g.s.,1 for is the Ipacu ol twelve months, or until he or they iltall pay to the

mihy k'not I'uifl company the sum or sums so ascertained, which information

l""1- or indictment shall he laid in the county in which such offence

shall happen.

How coin-

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, niwinuncy'if ^'liat t*,e lu‘t' company shall have occasion at any time to ittctflkr*. borrow money for carrying on said works, it shall be lawful for the said company to take up and borrow upon the credit of the said works, and their estate therein, any sum not exceeding the amount of the subscription which shall have been then actually expended on said works, at any rate of interest not exceeding the then legal interest, and to Alike debentures for such sum so borrowed, in such manner as laid company by their bye-laws shall appoint, which debentures shall be an actual charge and lien upon such parts of the said company’s estate, as shall be therein specified.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any iuit flu. II be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for any thing which shall be done in pursuance of this act, such person may plead the general illiic, ami give the . special matter in evidence, and that this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act.

t; II A P-

The thirtieth Year of George III.

217

A.D. 179°-

G tl A r. XXI.

An Act for the Relief of Perfom who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Law.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS several persons well affcded to his Majesty’s

government, and the church of Ireland, as by law established, may have through ignorance neglected, or been prevented by sickness, or other unavoidable causes, from taking and subscribing the oaths, and from making, repeating, and subscribing the declaration, and from receiving the sacrament of the Lord’s flipper, and delivering a certificate thereof, according to the di-redions of an act made in this kingdom in the second year of the Rco'tal» reign of her late Majesty queen Anne, entitled, An act to prevent the further growth ofpopery; and may thereby have incurred great penalties: therefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person and persons wlm persons who have incurred any penalties or incapacities in the said act, entitled, An act to prevent the further growth of popery, men- »c-tioned, by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the said qualify, in-ad, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged of de, I,"lfie<, and from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, and penalties, incurred by reason of such omission or neglect as aforesaid, and that no act or acts done by them, or any of them, and not yet avoided, shall be questioned, or avoided by reason of such neglect or omission, but all such acts shall be, and are hereby declared and enacted to be as good and eltcdual as if all and every such person and persons had taken and subscribed the said oaths, and received the said sacrament, and delivered the certificate thereof, and made, repeated, and subscribed the said declaration at such time, place, and manner as is therein mentioned, any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstawling.

II. Provided always, That such person or persons do, and shall. Provided . take and subscribe the i’aid oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe fg aniMub-the said declaration, in such manner and form, and in such place £lll,e oatl’’*

1 &c. as np-

and places as aie directed and appointed by the said aR to pre- pointed by vent the further growth of popery, on or before the first day of bcfJc'i’i'"1 or August, which Hi.:'1 he in the year one thousand seven hundred A"s' '791-and ninety-one.

I i i

2i8 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D. 1II. Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein con-1790. tained, shall not extend to restore or entitle any person or ersons to any office or employment already actually avoided by judg-not loidtotc men, any of |fls Majesty's courts of record, or already filled up

or entitle per J 1 ' 4

foos to oliitt, by any other person, but that such office or employment shall be and remain in the person and persons who is or are now entitled by law to the fame, as if this act had never been made.

CHAP. XXII.

An Act for continuing and amending fever-al Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing of Frauds therein, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

'Preamble. WHEREAS the several laws heretofore made to prevent Vi frauds in his Majesty's revenue of customs and excise, have not proved sufficient to answer the purposes thereby intended, by reason of many secret and clandestine praftiees made life of, to evade or elude the fame: be it therefore enacted by the Ring’s most exLellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpi ritual and temporal and commons in this present parlia- iFgnnthiie ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any

(run

uiie port in goods, wares, or merchandizes shall be Hupped or put on board

buwTJus-' a»y Ml1 or velfol to be carried forth to the open sea, from any

il.nii, cum- one port, creek or member in this kingdom, to be landed at any

ini!ih>ncrsi,£;c. 1 ® 4

may place an other port or place in this kingdom, it shall and may be lawful, o!?w"[i1k0 to an^ ^or ^'c ft'ffif commissioners of his Majesty's customs or vefTol, tkrc excise, ,or any one of them, or for the collector, or in his absence dininE the th.c chief officer at the port where such goods, wares, or mer-

chandizes shall lie so put on board such ship or vessel, to place

one or more officer or officers, not exceeding two in number, on board such ship or veil'd, there to remain during such voyage; mitternf «cr- and that the mailer or other person having the charge or com-proviiinn fur maud of such ship or veil'd, shall provide such officer or officers, lamUhcmu '>et's or hammocks to rest or deep in, under the deck of such herein j ship or vessel, and shall also provide such officer or officers with

sufficient food during the whole of such voyage, and f] all land such oliicer or officers at the port or place for which fudi ship

onjefufai. Sc. or vessel shall have cleared out; and if any such lll.ifter or other person, having the command of such ship or vessel, shall neglect or

The thirtieth Year of George III. 219

or refuse to supply such officer or officers with beds and food in A.D. manner aforesaid, or shall not land such officer at such place, lie 179°- shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

II. And whereas by an act passed in this kingdom, in the R«iial twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An 27111 G‘3' act for the further encrease and encouragement offlapping and navigation, it is amongst other things enacted, That if upon the arrival of any ffiip or vessel in any port or place to which flic shall belong, the mailer or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, and one or more of the owners thereof shall make proof to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue upon oath, or in case of a quaker up.011 solemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation the said commissioners, or any of them, is thereby authorized and required to administer, of the loss of the certificate of regillry granted to such ship or vessel, and upon security being entered into, pursuant to the said act, the said commissioners, are required in such case to authorize the proper officer of the port to which such ship or vessel belongs, to register the said ffiip or vessel de novo, and to grant a certificate of regillry according to the regulations, and in the manner and form prescribed by the said act: and whereas great inconvenience ariles to the mailers and owners of ships or vessels belonging to the out-ports of this kingdom, in cases where the certificate of regiflry of such ships or vessels arc loft, by their being obliged to come to the city of Dublin to take the oath or affirmation above mentioned, before one of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, for remedy whereof: be it enacted, That it shall and may lie lawful to and for the said Commtflwnri* commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three of them, JSmi toothy commission under their hands and seals, from time to time, to "t‘fvV,oOT-authorize and empower such person or persons as they shall think re-

fit, in the several out-ports in this kingdom, to be commissioners to administer the oath or affirmation herein before mentioned, and all such oaths or affirmations administered by such person or persons empowered as aforesaid, shall respectively be of the fame effect, as if made in the manner prescribed by the said act.

III. And whereas distillers for the purpose of bringing into their (lock, spirits clandestinely dillilled, do frequently on fending out spirits, replace the fame with empty casks, or calks of water or other liquor, and by placing such calks with the calks containing their stock, do impede upon the officers of the revenue, and fltew and declare the same as spirits, and part of their stock,

I i i 2 thereby

a 20

After i(l of M.i>, di-Jtilli r or person lUvwitiji stock tf» count umi declare tot num-|>rr of c«jU ot spiriti.,

20l. penalty on reiuidl;

distillct to ioifcit 5l. for every calk not corresponding with declaration) as liCTt-

UiiKecnfed dilliller or retailer of spiriis having in !n« viilludy mote than gallons of fp -ttih, except he prodtiLi a per mit. deemed a conceal, r;

retailer, &c.

who Hall have in his custody vtllcls fur making aqua vita*, &c liable to penalties, as herein

om-r.'i may grant heenfes f\ii Utlh of 2co rnllcns till 24 June,

Penalties recovered, as by 14 i: 15 C. 2.

5The thirtieth Year of George III.

thereby obtaining credit for more spirits in stock, than they are entitled to, for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That from and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, every dilliller, his or her servant, who shall shew his or her stock to the officer, shall count all the calks of spirits, and declare the number thereof to the officer so taking an account of the fame; and in case such dilliller, his or her servant shall refuse so to do, he, she, or they, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds, and if after such declaration as aforesaid, any of the calks which shall have been declared to contain spirits, shall he found to he empty, or to contain any other liquor or thing save only spirits, or if more casks than one shall be found not to he full, or if a greater number of casks shall be found than have been so declared, such dilliller shall forfeit for every calk so found not corresponding with such declaration, the sum of five pounds, and when such declaration shall be made, the account of the stock of spirits of any distillrr so declared, shall be deemed and taken to be the flock of such dilliller at the time of taking the lame.

IV. And be it enacted, That every tinlicensed dilliller, and every retailer of, or dealer in spirits for sale, in whole custody shall be found any quantity of spirits exceeding four gallons, except spirits for which a permit shall be produced, or any walh, pot-ale, low-wines, or Anglings, shall be deemed to all intents and purposes a person concealing the fame; and every such per-i'011 in whole custody shall be found any vessels for making aqua vita, spirits, or strong waters, shall be subject to the respective penalties to which distillers are liable for concealing spirits, pot-ale, low-wines, Anglings or waft, or for making use of private vessels for the purpose of making aqua vita, spirits, or strong waters.

V. And be it enacted, That the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue may, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, grant licenses for keeping any stil! or Hills, which shall be of a content not less than two hundred gallons each, any thing in any former act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act, or by the several acts of parliament hereby continued, or by any of them, other than ami except as by this act, or by any of the said acts of parliament lo hereby continued are otherwise provided for, shall ami may be filed for, recovered, and levied, in fncli manner and form,

and

22 t

The thirtieth Year of George III.

and by such ways and means, and with such powers anil autho- A.D. rities, as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an act I79°-of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An at! for the settling the excise or new impojl upon fits Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the hoot: of rates therein inferred; as fully and effectually to all intents, constructions and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who shall think him, her, or tlieml'elves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act is provided.

VII. And be it enacted, That an act made in the twenty-niiith J? 0- 3.

‘rtf r . ' uuUtnutrd .1}

year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, yin oli for continuing ana iK>rein» till 2+

amending certain taws heretofore matte, concerning his Majestf s jll.'J'o'jud'of revenue, and for the more effectually preventing of frauds therein, f'f-

nnd all and singular the acts thereby continued, and every claul'e in the said acts respectively contained, except such parts thereof as are altered, repealed, or amended by this act, or by any of the shall acts so continual, or by any act passed this session of parliament, together with this act, shall continue to be in force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoulam! seven hundred and ninety-one, and from thence to the end of the then next fc/Iion* of parliament, and no longer.

C H A 1\ XXIII.

An Act to repeal certain Clauses in an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of his Mujejlys Reign, Entitled, An Act to exclude Traders from the Benefit, of an Act, Entitled, An Act to prevent Frauds committed by Bankrupts, who do not keep regular Books of Account, and for continuing the said Law, and other Purposes.

WI-1 F. R F. A S by. an act passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth vc

[Preamble.]

eighteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled,

An act to exclude Traders from the benefit of an act, entitled. An act to prevent frauds committed by bankrupts, who do not keep regular books of account, and for cinlimnng the said law attd other purposes, it is enacted, That no person again/!: whom a commission K'cl'cJ parts of bankrupt shall be idiicd, shall be entitled to any benefit of c %. repeal-the said act, entitled, An act to prevent frauds committed by battk-eii Vol. XV. K k k rttpls.

2 20

A fur id of i-i.i), di-(till* r or person shewing ftoc’v til count ami declare the number of Caikti o( /pints,

20l. penalty

on reiulal;

distittet to Joifcit 5l. for every calk not corrcfpondii'.g

with ikctara-tiou, as here*

UiiKccn/cd

(ViUiUer or retailer of /pints having in his uillody

mote than gallons of fp -tits, except Ik-pnidtii a per mil, deemed a conceal., r

retailer, &c. who Ihli have in his custotiy ViITels for uvnku'g aqua viuv, &c ha-Hi to i>uial tics, as liciciti'

t-onimtflt* oner, may £1 Mil hcclifcs fut tl fils of 2co l alli'iis till 24 lime,

n 91. ‘

Penalties recovered, as by 14 & 15 C. 2.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

there!))’ obtaining credit for more spirits in flock, than they are entitled to, for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That from and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, every distiller, his or her servant, who thall shew his or her flock to the officer, shall count all the calks of spirits, and declare the number thereof to the officer so taking an account of the fame; and in case such distiller, his or her servant shall refuse so to do, he, flie, or they, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds, and if after such declaration as aforesaid, any of the calks which shall have been declared to contain spirits, shall he found to he empty, or to contain any other liquor or thing favc only spirits, or if more calks than one shall be found not to he full, or if a greater number of calks shall be found than have been so declared, such distiller shall forfeit for every calk so found not correspontling with such declaration, the sum of five pounds, and when such declaration shall be made, the account of the flock of spirits of any distiller so declared, shall be deemed and taken to be the flock of such dittiller at the time of taking the lame.

IV. And be it enacted, That every unlicensed distiller, and every retailer of, or dealer in spirits for sale, in whole custody shall be found any quantity of spirits exceeding four gallons, except spirits for which a permit shall be produced, or any wa’ih, pot-ale, low-wincs, or Anglings, shall be deemed to all intents and purposes a person concealing the fame; and every such person in whole custody shall be found any vessels for making aqua vita, spirits, or strong waters, shall be subject to the r-espective penalties to which dillillers are liable for concealing spirits, pot-ale, low-wines, Anglings or wadi, or for making use of private vessels for the purpose of making aqua vita, spirits, or strong waters.

V. And be it enacted, That the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue may, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, grant licenses for keeping any dill or stills, which shall be of a content not less than two hundred gallons each, any thing in any former act to the contrary not.vitiiUamling.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act, or by the several acts of parliament hereby continued, or by any of them, other than and except as by this act, or by any of the said acts of parliament to hereby continued are otherwise provided for, shall and may be fiued for, recovered, and levied, in such manner and form,

and

221

The thirtieth Year of George III.

and by such ways and means, and with such powers and autho- A.D. rities, as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an act r790, of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling the excise or new impost upon Jus Majesty, his heirs and ftccessors, according to the book of rates therein inferred-, as fully and effectually to all intents, confirmations and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act is provided.

VII. And be it enacted, That an act made in the twenty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for continuing a//// herein, till 34. amending certain laws heretofore made, concerning his Majestys of

revenue, and for the more effectually preventing of frauds therein, ft'1'" "cst fcl’-and all and Angular the acts thereby continued, and every clause in the said acts respectively contained, except such parts thereof as are altered, repealed, or amended by this act, ot by any of the said acts so continued, or by any act pallid this llllion of parliament, together with this act, shall continue to he in force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred am! ninety-one, and from thence to the end of the then next fefliona of parliament, and no longer.

C H A i\ XXIII.

Ail AB to repeal certain CJaifes in an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of his Majestys Reign, Entitled, An Act to exclude Traders from the Benefit, of an Act, Entitled, An Act to prevent Frauds committed by Bankrupts, who do not keep regular Books of Account, and for continuing the said Law, and other Purposes.

" H E R K A S by. an act passed in the seventeenth and Pram,’'c-eighteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled.

An act to exclude Traders from the bemft of an act, entitled, An act to prevent frauds committed by bankrupts, who do not keep regular books of account, and for conlinning the said la-w and other ptirpo/cs, it is enacted, That no person against whom a commission RtciieJparu of bankrupt shall be iftucd, shall be entitled to any benefit of c. I rc-pwl-the said act, entitled, An act to prevent frauds committed by bank- td ’

Vol. XV. K k k rttpfs.

222

The thirties. Year of George III.

A.D.

riijils, unless it shall appear to the major part of the commission-1790. ers in iiich commission named, that such person or persons hath ' 'v ' or have kept honellly and fairly a hook or books, in which hath been entered an account of all his or their dealings, bills of exchange, drawn, emlorfed, or accepted hv him or them, of his and their debts, credits, and expellees in house-keeping, and also unless it shall appear to such commislioiiers, that inch pedun or persons shall make Ollt ail inventory once in every two years at lcall, in such book or books, of all his or their edicts moveable, and immoveable, and of his or their debts and credits, specilying his or their profits and lollc* on the lame from time to time: and whereas- the said pans of the said act have been by experience found not to produce the lalutary purposes for which they were intended; be it therefore enacted tiy the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with tile advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament pimmiflimm a|j'cm|)|cl]) That the said recited parts of the said first mentioned lim-tofnr* if- alt lie, and the same are hereby repealed, and that it shall and gr"'! c-rtiii- mil.v ',e *or the commissioners named in any commission

nn-, ami of bankrupt heretofore issued again! any person or persons, to lor may a.n- grant certificates to such person or persons, and for the chancel-iirm (util. jor or keeper^ nv commissioners of the great leal, to confirm such certificates as if the said act had never palfed, and such

Provided liaiikmp; has kipt proper hook* ut ac-couiiu

certificates wticii continued shall have the fame force and cited to all intents and pin-poles, as if the said ail had never been emailed.

II. Provided always, and lie it dialled, That no bankrupt shall be entitled to his or her certificate, unless it shall appear to such commissioners that lie or (lie bath kept fair and regular books of account such as a trader ought to keep.

CHAP. XXIV.

An Act to continue an Act, Entitled, An Act to amend .111 Act, Entitled, An Act for the further Improvement and Extenfon of the Fisheries on the Coafs of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS it is expedient that an all, which paired in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty, entitled, -7 G. 3. An act to amend an act, entitled, An act for the further improvement

The thirtieth Year of George III. 223

meat and extension of the jijhcries on the coafis of this kingdom, A.D. should be continued for a limited time; be it enacted by the 179°-king's most excellent Majesty, by and with t lie advice and con-lent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

i /i h continual im-

That the said act* and every the dailies therein contained, mail {\\ zs ^aicj1? continue and be in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one '"‘Jr tliouiand fever, bundled and ninety-three, and no longer.

CHAP. XXV.

In AH to amend an Act, Entitled, An Act for promoting the Improvement of Ports and Harbours in this Kingdom.

[Preamble.]

T J WHEREAS the sum of ten thousand pounds, which by

an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for promoting the improvement of ports and harbours in this kingdom, might be raised on loan by debentures io,cool. to be ’issued by the officers of his Majesty's treasury, bearing such ^rjifwn'y interest not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum her Jnr'^ *7p-3-

'not futTlcient

annum, as should be appointed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, and paid over to such corporation or corporations as therein mentioned, is not fuilicient to effect the purposes of the said act; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That any corporation now in being for the preservation and im- ""'I’yv.iun

r ° ' ma)- burrow

provement of any port or harbour in this kingdom, for which on iieinutuiM

any certain duties or rates have been or shall be granted, and |,o- c.vediui; which dudes and rates shall not be lets than the yearly him of + *Iwl'1-

J any rum as

four theuiand pounds, to raise and borrow upon loan by deben- herein; tures such sum or sums of money as such corporation shall think proper for the purposes aforesaid, at any interest not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per annum-, provided that no sum to be borrowed by any such corporation be greater than ,t,c tu,ai. a sum, the interest of which, at the rate aforesaid, shall not exceed half the funds arising to such corporation out of such duties and rates.

Kkk 2

Chap. 25.

Ih1>1*»U!TC> to he 'IVucd under Teal): -c« entitling hold' ers to interest,

a? iicichi;

ami to he imuihcred arithmetical!;.

All <liiti«"». Sic. subject to payment of intcreU.

After t war’s intrir il due, bfllhiil under to itivo I'uulira cmi-i'.e:Uf, us Lett in,

penalty 2 col. J*c.

Viee-trea-imrr, vc. when eicbtit-

The thirtieth Year of George III.

II. And be it enacted, That any Arch corporation as aforesaid shall, for such film or films as shall be so borrowed, give the person or persons paying or lending the fame one or more debenture or debentures, under the common seal of such corporation, and ligned by the ballad-mailer thereof, acknowledging the receipt of I'uch linn or sums, and entitling the person or persons paying or lending the fame, his, her, or their executors, adminillmtors, or assigns, to such interest as aforesaid, to he paid by half-yearly payments on every twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-hltb day of December, without any fee or charge, and free from ail deductions, defalcations, or abatements whatsoever, until Inch time as their principal money Ihttll be paid off at one entire payment, and inch debentures or receipts shall be numbered in arithmetical progression, where the common excels or difference is to be one, until the whole shall be numbered.

III. And be it enacted, That every such corporation shall well and truly pay, or cause to he paid to the person or persons lending Inch Attn or Anns, his, her, or their executors, admini-llrators, or alligns, such interest as aforesaid, according to the tenor of such debentures; and that all rates or duties arising to such corporation shall be subject to the payment of such interest, until tile principal money shall be paid as aforesaid.

IV. And be it enaScd, That in case default shall be made by any such corporation in payment of the interest to become due oil any deheiituie to he illueJ in pursuance of this act, at any time after one years interest shall he due, the bailaft-master of Inch corporation iha!', from time to 'time, as often as it shall so happen, on demand of the holder of any such debenture, at any time after ten dais from the time such years interest shall he due, give to the peiion linking or producing the fame, a certificate under his hand specifying the amount of the interest due and unpaid on every such debenture; and if any such ballalt-niafler shall not on liicli demand give such certificate to the person requiring the fame, he shall forfeit for every such offence the film of two hundred pounds, to he recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of Ills Majesty's courts of record ill Dublin, by any person who shall file for the fame, with full colls of liiit, in which no privilege, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, ami such hallaft-maller flr.l! for ever after he incapable of holding or enjoying the place oi’kdiall-master to Inch, or any other corporation.

V. And be it enacted, That the vice-treasurer or viec-treasurers, receiver, or pay-mailer general of this kingdom, his or their

deputy

The thirtieth Year of George III. 225

deputy or deputies, so often as any debenture, the interest due on A.D. which shall be so unpaid, together with such certificate as afore- 1790, said, shall be produced to him or them, shall, out of any monies in his or their hands, subject to the payment of the interest of mre and «.i-principal sums due by debentures or treasury bills ifihcd by the 'j.'-'ce.U topiy officers of his Majesty's treasury, on demand of tb.e person pro- i,"v,aL ducing any such debenture and certificate as aforesaid, well and truly pay to every such person the interest so certified to be due on every such debenture, and he or they shall he allowed on his or their accounts so much money as shall have been so paid.

VI. And be it enacted, That his Majesty, his heirs and succes- M»-fors, shall be repril'ed, and shall recover and receive, out of the r^-cive o,i «t' funds arising to any such corporation, so much money as shall be so paid by the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, or other officer much a.Hull of his Majesty's treasury, in discharge of any interest to grow vi’J-t'iMf'irci, due on any such debenture, and from thenceforth lo much of the &c' funds of such corporation as shall be equal to an interest at the "'I'1/"

1 1 ut turn1.' m

rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for such principal sums, Hull hr «|iul on which any interest shall at any time or times have been so 5°p"r'cTut paid by the said officers of the treasury, shall Hand veiled in his fov p>indpai

' J sums on wiiu'ii

Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be paid into his Ma- iutmit paid

jesty’s treasury, as a fund for the discharge of the future interest lilt'd in iiL

of such principal sums on which any interest shall have been so IiIaiclb> ic-r 1 J a* herein.

paid by such officers of the treasury.

VII. And be it further enacted, That any corporation, for the Corporation

use of which any sum or sums hath or have been borrowed and

raised pursuant to the said act passed in the twenty-seventh year vict-ncai'u-of his Majesty's reign, for which debentures have been issued by i,mwni on the officers of his Majesty's treasury pursuant to the said act, so jj soon as any sum or sums shall be raised and borrowed, by virtue 27 G. 3-of this act, equal to the amount of the principal sums specified aic.<i under in such debentures issued by the officers of his Majesty's treasury, shall pay the same into the hands of the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver, or paymaster general of this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, to be applied by him or them to the payment of such debentures.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the vice-treasurer or vice-trea- G,

furers, his or their deputy or deputies, shall, upon receiving from 0||, U'S fuma any such corporation, for whose use the said sum of ten thousand J

pounds, or any part thereof, hath been raised, the amount of the *«* iwf^er, sum or sums received by such corporation, pay therewith the prhi. ip:,!, af-principal sums mentioned in such debentures, and shall catife to

be publickly advertised in the Dublin Gazette, at least twenty days Gu-

LI

befon

ZeUt, s»C,

3 20

(lchenturrs to

be caiiccilul.

When any port not within (lie (liUrict, wants tcpnii, fee. corporation may levy nsiictcin, on nil lliips, fee. at such liar* hour;

fame ns at principal hai-hour;

mailer. See. not permitted to fail till duties paid;

corporation to mulct* rules for fopplyinp ftiipp'ng with lullull,

The thirtieth Year of George III.

before such debentures shall be paid off, the day on which the same shall be paid off, and shall require all persons holding such debentures to bring them on such day to the office of the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, in the cable of Dublin, to receive payment for the fame, and such person shall, upon payment thereof, deliver his, her, or their several and respective debentures to the vice-lrcafurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies to he cancelled, and lie or they are hereby required to cancel the fame accordingly, and the intcrefl of such debentures shall cease from the day which shall be so advertised for payment thereof.

IX. And be it enacted, That where it shall be made to appear to the satisfaction of any such corporation as aforesaid, that any harbour or quay in any out-port within the dillrid of the port, for the improvement of which any fitch corporation hath been instituted, bands in need of repair, or may be rendered deeper and more commodious for shipping, it tliall and may be lawful for such corporation, from liich time thereafter as they brail appoint, by notice to be ptiblished in the Dublin Gazette, to collect and levy, or cattle to be collected and levied off and from the shipping cr vessels resorting to such harbour or quay belonging to such out-port, such and the like duties and rates, and the commander or maber of every blip or vessel that shall arrive at such out-port, shall pay, or cause to he paid unto such person as shall by such corporation be appointed to receive the same, such and the like rates and duties for and in respect of any such ship or vessel taking in and putting out ballad in such harbour or quay, and such other rates and duties as such blip or vessel would be liable to in the principal harbour of such port or dillrid for and on account of her taking in and putting out ballab therein, and towards the improving and cleansing of such principal port or harbour, and the maber or commander of such blip or vessel biall not be entitled to obtain any clearance for such blip or vessel, or be permitted to fail from such out-port, until he shall have paid such rates and duties as aforesaid, and such rates and duties shall be levied with such powers and authorities, and under the like regulations, penalties, and forfeitures as are by law prescribed with respect to any rates and duties payable to such corporation; and it shall and may be lawful for such corporation to make such rules, orders, or regulations for the supplying with proper ballab such shipping and vessels resorting to any such out-port without delay, and also respecting their taking in and putting

out

The thirtieth Year of George III. 227

out ballad, as they shall find, from time to time, to be necessary A.D. and expedient. 179°-

X. And be it emitted. That all such rates and duties as shall An r,.c, be l'o collected and paid to such corporation, or the person appointed by them to receive the same, shall, after defraying the ispcitre^ti! expence of supplying such ships or vessels in such out-port with ,'c ballad, be applied and expended by such corporation in such ""‘ro o-’i, VJ manner as they shall judge necessary and appoint, in repairing, »u-. securing, cleansing, and improving such oul-port, and rendering the fame commodious to all fliippitig and vessels resorting thereto, and to no other use whatsoever.

CHAP. XXVI.

An Act for granting the Sum of Four Thoufan.l Pounds to the Trustees of the Linen Manufacture, anclfor other Purposes.

WHEREAS by an act passed in this kingdom this present Presn.bc session of Parliament, entitled, An act for granting unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, an additional duty on wines, hides, beer, ale, and other goods and merchandizes therein mentioned and for prohibiting the importation of all gold and fther lace, except of the manufacture of Great Britain; and of all cambricks, lawns, and glass, except the manufacture of Great Britain, and France, and the French dominions in Europe-, and of all hops, except of the growth of Great Britain, and the British plantations, the fmn of forty-one thousand five hundred and thirty pounds eighteen shillings, and one penny three farthings was granted to be applied in such manner as parliament should direct, for the advancement of trade and manufactures, and the maintenance of hospitals, charities, and publick institutions, and the further improvement of this kingdom, by building churches, and other publick works: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That two thousand pounds, part 3 of the said sum of forty-one thousand five hundred and thirty 'im-

pounds eighteen shillings and one penny three farthings, he ' f 'f given for one year, to the nvcntv-fifth dav of March, one thou-

° J ' ' I.ISC4 ill/

sand seven hundred and ninety-one, to the trustees of the linen manufacture, to encourage the railing fufikiciit quantities of hemp and flax in this kingdom.

228 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D. 1l. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a further 1790. sum of two thousand pounds, also a part of the said sum of Chap. 26. fovty_

one thousand five hundred and thirty pounds eighteen zcod. more shillings and one penny three farthings, be given to the said truf-toes of the linen manufacture, for the encouragement of the fafl1"'"'1 hempen and flaxen manufactures during the said time, in the Uii.fter, provinces of Leinster, Munller, and Connaught, the said sums of Comiaugtt"^ tv,° thousand pounds, and two thousand pounds to be paid by the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver or receivers-general of this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf.

Tmftcn HI- And whereas by an act passed in the twenty-third and iufpc&mfrr twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for Mayo. further promoting the linen and hempen manufactures, the said trus-

tees, or any twelve or more of them, are empowered to appoint annually one inspector of the linen manufacture for the county of Mayo: and whereas the said county is too large to be attended by one inspector, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said trultecs, or any twelve or more of them, if they shall think fit, to appoint two inspectors for the said county, in like manner, at like times, and under and subject to the like regulations as is mentioned for the appointment of inspectors by the said recited act, or by any other act or acts now in force relating to the same.

IV. Whereas the yarn-hall in the city of Dubin, has of late years been greatly encreased by additional buildings, whereby the trouble of the chamberlain of the said hall has been greatly encreased: and whereas it is thought expedient that the said chamberlain should not be allowed to receive any fee or perquisites Trustees whatever, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall yearly^liif an<^ may he lawful for the said trultecs, or any twelve or more tiun to cham- of them, assembled at the said hall, if they shall think fit, to appoint any addition to his salary not exceeding the sum of fifty pounds yearly, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Chamber- V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after per^irtt"6 t!‘lc hdd additional salary shall be granted as aforesaid, the said forfeit office, chamberlain shall not demand or accept of any perquisite or gratuity whatsoever, the said augmentation of salary being intended as a full compensation for all perquisites and gratuities; and in case any chamberlain employed by the said trustees, after the said salaries shall have been granted as aforesaid, demand, take, or accept of any perquisite, gratuity, fee or reward whatever, he shall

The thirtieth Year of George III. 229

shall upon conviction thereof, before any twelve or more of A.D. the said trustees, forfeit his said office, and be rendered inca- I/90,

pable of holding said office or any other office under the said ' y~ ' trustees.

CHAP. XXVII.

An Act for granting the several Sums therein mentioned, for certain Pious and Charitable Puipfes.

WHEREAS by an act passed in this session of parliament, ](j entitled, An act for granting unto his Majesty, his heirs and this fcfOon, successors, an additional duty on bides, beer, ale, and other goods and merchandises therein mentioned, and for prohibiting the importation of all gold and silver lace, except of the mannfaBurc of Great Britain, and of all cambrichs, lawns, and glass, except of the manu-fatlure of Great Britain and France, and of the French dominions in Europe, and of all hops, except of the growth of Great Britain, and the British plantations, the sum of forty-one thousand five hundred and thirty pounds eighteen shillings and one penny three farthings, was granted to be applied in such manner as parliament Ihouki direct, for the advancement of trade and manufactures, and the maintenance of hospitals, charities, and public institutions, and the further improvement of this kingdom by building churches and other publick works: be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the sum 31,530). of thirty-two thousand five hundred and thirty pounds eighteen pf0uS*an.!chi-shillings and one penny three farthings, of the said sum Of forty- rilal,k "I"! one thousand five hundred and thirty pounds eighteen shillings and one penny three farthings, be applied to the pious and charitable uses herein after mentioned, that is to say, that the sum of five rooool. to thousand pounds, part of the said sum of thirty-two thousand j1^.01 *"11 five hundred and thirty pounds eighteen shillings and one penny three farthings, be granted to the hoard of lirfl fruits, for building new churches, and re-builuing old churches in such parishes as no publick divine service has been performed in for twenty years last pad; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said board to apply such part of the said grant of live thousand pounds to the encouragement of the building of glebe houses, upon such terms as they shall think lit; that the lum of twelve thousand Yol. XV, M m m pounds,.

230 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

pounds, part of the said fcim of thirty-two thousand five hun-

790- dred and thirty pounds eighteen shillings and one penny three

27- farthings, be given to the incorporated society, as a full provisirn 1 z.cccl tn for illpporting the protestant charter schools of this kingdom, for raudfucKty onc ycari to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven J>J30l hundred and ninetjvone; that the sum of five thousand five tSn 'itiim 1 'unu'ret' anc' thirty pounds eighteen shillings and one penny three lins-liiifiliul farthings, part of the said sum of thirty-two thousand five hun-

lo'iil'e'* dreJ and thirty pounds eighteen shillings and one penny three

farthings, be given to the governors of the Foundling-hospital and work-house towards enabling them to discharge the debts by them contrafted for the use of that charity, and towards support-Sooool. to the ing their necessary expciiccs; that the sum of eight thousand so' u'ic' pounds, part of the said sum of thirty-two thousand five hundred of the poor t an(j tli-irty j,ounjs c;,ri,teen shillings and one penny three farthings, b.e given to the corporation for the relief of the poor in the city of Dublin, for the support of the house of industry, in aid of the charitable contributions, for one year, to the twenty-fifth 1000l. to tlm day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; that l'dawl; the sum of one thousand pounds, part of the said sum of thirty-two thousand five bundled and thirty pounds eighteen (hiKiugj and one penny three farthings, be given to the governors of the looool.toiil- Hihernian-school for the support of that charity; and that the rbiTfocid'y' ^llm one thousand pounds, the remainder of the said sum of thirty-two thousand five hundred and thirty pounds eighteen shillings and one penny three far.'ninr- ;c given to the Hibernian marine society, towards suppo:- the said charity.

Sunn grant-

II. And be it enacted, That the fv.u several sums by this act

cu to uc Paul , 4

liyvlce-ua- granted, he paid by the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver-lurer' general or receivers-general of this kingdom, Ills or their deputy nr deputies, without any further or other wan ant to be lued for, had, or obtained in that behalf.

III. And whereas certain buildings have lately been erected on grounds the property of the I.ying-in-hospital, the profits whereof arc solely applicable to the purposes of said foundation: and whereas the lunds for compleating the fame, and paying the Several anila ers, and others therein concerned, have been found

Gowrner. inlulr.eient: be it enacted by the authority ai'oresaid, That it Ural I LrpluUi")- and may be lawful for the governors and guardians of said hof-rital' ":K® Thc;r successors, under their seal corporate, and signed in, to the a- l.v nine or more of them in hoard assembled, to issue debentures jceeUw.iti«5 °[ the value o<‘ city pounds each, and bearing an interest at tile 'wu'o*' ’ l'l'c *:VL’ P‘"n!;s Pl'r cc,t per annum, to any amount or sum

not

2'’he thirtieth Year of George III. 231

not exceeding the sum of four thousand pounds, the same to A.D. be expended in compleating the said works, and paying the several 1790,

incumbrances thereon, and to be accounted for in like manner as is directed for the several other expenditures and accounts of said hospital.

CHAP. XXVIII.

An Act for granting the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in this kingdom this present

felTion of parliament, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, an additional duty on wines, hides, beer, ale, and other goods and merchandizes therein mentioned; and for prohibiting the importation of all gold and silver lace, except of the manufacture of Great Britain; and of all cambricks, lawns, and glass, except of the manufacture of Great Britain, and France, and the French dominions in Enropc; and of all hops, except of the growth of Great Britain, and the British plantations, the sum of forty-one thousand five hundred and thirty pounds eighteen shillings and one penny three farthings, was granted to be applied in such manner as parliament should direct, for the advancement of trade, and manufactures, and the maintenance of hospitals, charities, and public institutions, and for the further improvement of this kingdom, by building churches, and other public works: be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That five thousand pounds, part ;o°oi. 10 of the said sum of forty-one thousand five hundred and thirty pounds eighteen shillings and one penny three farthings, be given to the Dublin society, for the improvement of hufliandry, and other useful arts, to be applied by them in manner herein mentioned, and to be paid by the viec-treasurer or vice-ticafurers, receiver or reccivers-general, his or their deputy or deputies, without any further or other warrant, to be had, filed for, or obtained in that behalf.

li. And be it further enacted, That three thousand pounds, 3C00l. or part of the said sum of live thousand pounds, shall he applied by the said society to the encouragement of agriculture and planting,

M 111 m r and planting, 4c,

&32

A.D.

1790-

Chap. 28,

300I to (pinning wmilcJ warp* j

300!- for a botanic garden}

800l. for payment of fabrics, &c.

Distribr-tion ot tiic

li unity on

glaG.

Agriculture 8Q(1 planting.

The xh'itiieth Year of George III.

and finifiling the repository For implements of husbandry, ami the rtmaining two thousand pounds in-, manner following; that is to (ay, two hundred and fifty pounds to the encouragement of the glass manufacture, three hundred and fifty pounds thereof to the encouragement of spinning wool by jennies, and for the improvement of the art of worded weaving, three ..hundred pounds for the improvement of the art of spinning worded warps with wheels constructed on the model of those used in England for that purpose, and in premiums to the mistresses of the several charter schools who shall have any number ot girls not less than ten, inflruded in the said art, the said sum to be paid in such proportions, and after such manner, and on such conditions as the said society shall direct; the sum of three hundred pounds towards providing and maintaining a botanic garden; and the remaining sum of eight hundred pounds for the payment of salaries to officers of the society, the support of schools for drawing, and other useful sciences, in promoting arts, and for the encouragement of such manufactures as are not, or shall not he entitled to receive any bounties whatsoeve'r, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament made heretofore, or during this session of parliament, in such manner, time and times, and by such ways and methods as the said society shall think proper; any law, bylaw, usage, Or custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstand-

ing.; ' ' '

III. Provided always, That in the distribution of appointment of the f.tid sum of two hundred and fifty pounds for the encouragement of the glals manufacture, two-fifth parts thereof shall he applied to the encouragement of the fame in Dublin and its environs, one fifth in Cork, one fifth in Waterford, and one fifth in Belfast.

r d

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That two thirds at the lead of whatever balance may remain in the treasurer of said society’s hands after the first day of May, one ilioufand ieven hundred and ninety, of the fund appropriated for the encouragement of manufactures, and arts, shall be applied to the encouragement of agriculture and planting, in such manner as ilic said society shall think proper; any law, by-law, u'sage, or custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

i '

CHAP.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

CHAP. XXIX.

A.D.

! ?9° -

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, Entitled, An Act for taking away the Court of IFards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capilc, and l>y Knights Service-, and also an Act} pa fed in the Tiuenty-jirft and Twenty-fecund Tears of His present Majests Reign, Entitled, An Act} to allcia Per/ous prefeffing the Popish Religion to teach School in this Kingdom, and for regulating the Education of Papifs, and also to repeal Part of certain Laves relatree to the Guard.ianjlup of their Children.

WHEREAS doubts have arisen, whether by an act paficd tv-amUs.

in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second, entitled, An at? for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service, iViffenters from the ciTablished church may in certain cabs appoint, and he appointed guardians of iniants; and doubts also have arisen whether by an act palfc-d in the twenty-lull and twenty-second years of the reign of his nreii ni ?>Iajesty, entitled,

An nil to allow personssprfefing the popish religion to teachschool in this kingdom, and for regulating the education of papifs, and a'so to repeal parts of certain laws relative to the guardiunship of their children, perfoits profelling the popish religion may by deed or will appoint guardians of their children, being infants, for removing of inch doubts: be it entitled by the king’s most excellent I'vlnje'lv, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefer.t parliament assembled, and by the authority of tire fame, That it shall and rrotcllant. may he lawful to and for any person being a protdlant, the father '^p'-eition of a child or children, under the age or twenty-one years, and hi-Vlal-not married at the time of the dealt of such father, by deed cxe- mu!n a y.an cuted in his iiie-time, cr by his lall will and tcllament, in writ- ffiJ ing in the pretence of two or more credible v.-itnelfes, to dispose "-g

llli!'; lllj

of the cufmdy and tuition of fitch child or rd'dre:’, ior fudi time I'gin nil-as such child or children Ural! respectlive’.y continue under the age i.f’liV.'.i'li Vt.c of twenty-one years, or fer any other hlilr time, to any person

n n

The thirtieth Year of George III.

of instil Id:i

234

A.D.

or pci Tons other than to persons profcfiing the popish religion; 17<JD. and that it shall and may he lawful to and for any person pro-C.liap. 23. falling the popish religion, who shall not have iapfed from the :ii y protestmt religion, the father of a child or children under the age

I’of twenty-one years, in like manner to disposc of the custody jf.n mu liav- and tuition of such child or children, to any person other than fi. i., Vik o- to an cccicliaftic of the church of Rome.

'.:1

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all an-

i-i.ii, n ;v m 7

f-im: m.mn.r pointments of guardians heretofore made by deed or will by any person not of the establifnal church of Ireland, shall he at mu!t2 1 ve,..Si,od and va'ld t() intents and purposes as if made after the paf-i,f ;,;c, to cay ling of this act; provided fitch appointments have been made !Un'ii>=u'r confident with the terms and provisions herein mentioned; pro-tii^rWirdi"of vlded, that no person prefdling the popish religion, shall he ca-Kum:, pable of being the guardian of a child of a papist, who shall not nun:f m "IU have taken and subscribed the oath of allegiance and declaration prescribed by an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years a- !>y ileal of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to enable his Ma-jvifmi:, ni,t jesty s subjects of whatever perfuafton to ieflify their allegiance to him " in feme one of his Majestf s four courts in Dublin, or at the quarter ciaircii. vdiit ftfjions of the peace for the county of Dublin, or before the going ettn piaua judges if ajfrze in open court.

a it.i.uci, if jip Provided always, and lie it enacted, That in all cases in

r.Viu;.' cniiiill* - 7 7

mi v.liS ;!iv which the child of any papist or person professing the popish immi.iiiaii religion, not being of the age of twenty-one years, has been or Ln-'-iiiTru- 'ic convc)'cd 01:1 lh'-s kingdom into foreign parts out of

p* kIW-m His Majesty's dominions, or detained in such foreign parts, con-LuVIt' ° trary to the statute made in this kingdom in the seventh year of tTc csS ill'a h*5 late Majesty William the third, to relh'ain foreign education, v'Iw> it shall and may he lawful to and for the chancellor, lord keeper, tiiiiciniicu.uii or lords commissioners for the c.uftocly of tile great seal for the hc 'ifliyTl tllnc being, on a bill filed in the high court of chancery in this & j+ ( kingdom, on behalf of inch child, to make such orders or proof aM,ill mi- vision for the custody or preservation of the estates of such child ofusV, iiu"* as ‘ft'di i,e deemed expedient, until such child shall he brought back Tu1' k'lm" to ^rcat or I|-Clant!, and given up to the custody of such limn, a 1I1, in guardian or guardians, as shall have been appointed by the father ok duuLi ' of liich child, by deed or will as aforesaid.

lor. mi to iv. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first

uufcs prim- . t

Turns r.,r iiie mentioned act as requires the liming of an inquisition m cer-

of the ciUcs tam cales> and enables the lord chancellor, the two chief justices,

of fii.lt child, tbg chief baron of the exchequer, the chancellor of the exche-

uiuil broujlit 1 ’

quer,

The thirtieth Year of George III. 235

quer, and mailer of the roll.', to appoint a guardian to the chil- A.D. dren of persons not of the communion of the church of England, !79°-dying fei/.eJ of lands idr which their heirs would have been in i,aci; toGr,-at ward before the passing oi the said act be and is hereby repealed. ciiii’vi'itil to

tin* gtnrilian. Such part "of i} & 14

CHAT. XXX. c

q-.u'fs the

:ir.ii-ig m in-<1 liJi: , &c. r-pt *Icil

An Act to amend an Ail pa/'f-'d in the Twenty-Third and Twenty-Fourth Years of His Mtjefi/s Reign, Entitled,

An Act for regulating the Corn Trade, promoting Agriculture, and providing a regular and Jfeady Supply of Corn in the Kingdom.

WH E P. E A S some further regulations are r.cceflliry for better ascertaining the prices of corn, and more effectually carrying into force the provision of the said act: be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirittial and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, the chief magistrate, or magistrate tiding as Inch, in each town or city in this kingdom, being a port, or in his absence the collector or other chief officer of the port shall, and may, and he is hereby required to demand and receive, without fee or reward, from every miller, factor, merchant, clerk, agent, or other person, being a buyer of corn, grain, meal or flour, in fitch town or city, or within five miles thereof, for sale or export, a weekly account in writing, signed by him or her, of the quantity of corn, grain, meal, or flour, which be or flte, or any person in trull for him or her shall have received, during the seven days immediately preceding the day to which he or she shall be to required to deliver such account up to, with the cod thereof respectively, specifying if any part thereof has been bought by him or her, or lor him or her, at the public market there, and at what price; and like-wife to demand and receive from every person who shall within the said town or city, or within five miles thereof, receive any' corn, grain, meal, or flour on commission, a like tveekly account of the quantity thereof fold and delivered by him or her during such seven days, with the prices, names of the N n n 2 buyers,

Picxmhle.

Chief maritime in each tivvnWinya port, or collector of cadi port, See. to receive a weekly account fin'll eve tv miller, factor, &c, in each town, or within 5 miles thereof, of the quantity of corn, <\c. icccivcrl, during the 7 prccc.h’tij:

<1 iy% with the coil thereof, specifying as herein,

a ilmilar account to he j»ivtn by persons feliinjj on commission,

236

A.D. 1790. Ch:ip. -jo.

Htich cost 1" Inr the ii-. ti:ul ;n<l full

coil, intituling pace ami of

(.cigluor

CJI.U-C,

t<» be fp.ci-iic f, ifkihl tit ini 5

jn.'irillrate in fumnig t.ve-ia;c price if kii:i iliiul, to ilcilinit zs

llCidll.

Mill-.-r, See.

LO

five in ae -count within

I rill'’ . lll'IUli,

lim-.l jcl.

V.-crv mil-id

f-'e hum 11'V lli

of.1:. l.n'l

Ivh/.viuj

t-.jt *i.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

buyers, and days of falc, specifying whether fold in the public market.

I!. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid cost be deemed and understood to be the actual and full cod thereof, when received by him or her, including the price, and all charges of freight or carriage, and all corn and grain received by any person as aforesaid, being a buyer, it kiln dried, shall he tpeeilied lo in such return, and the chief magistrate, or other person to whom such return shall be made, shall in forming the average price, deduct from the cost or price of such kiln-dried corn or grain, if wheat, the film of one (hiding and six-pence; and if beans, peas, barley, here, or rye, the film of one (lulling; and if oats, the sum of nine-pence, for each barrel respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That every miller, factor, merchant, clerk, agent, or other person as aforesaid, who shall neglect or refuse to deliver such account within twenty-four hours after the time he or flic shall he required to deliver it on, or on the morning of every Saturday, if it shall not he demanded of him or her on any ether day, shall for every such cflcncc forfeit the film of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such person shall, k.i v.-e tl.c time cn which he or flic shall be bound by the pro-\’:.;: n:; oi this act to make such return as aforesaid, take and f..ribe the oath ('alien ing', or if a quaker, the following astir-maii'.m, lv-Ure the magistrate to whom lie or (lie is to make inch iv.iiiT.

I A. u. do fvear or af.nn, that the returns of the quantities and cf tf corn, y rain, tinea!, and fur wade by we, fall, to the beji fj try buozelenf and belief, be true and j/f, and to the left t f jn.rjnen! ee;fen:a!e lo an. net fa fed in the thirtieth year of the reien of Us Ida! thin? George the third, entitled. An act lo amend an act paded in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his ?.!:;{city's reign, entitled, An act for regulating the corn trade, proir.e.lii’.g agriculture’, and providing-a regular and ikaily i'upply of com in the kingdom.

Oltlitn he

(L-invuil 1 bo c'dtk > the p’.-.U’C >'t ll'c cit) Ci'iuiiy v.hcitf lakui.

Which oath or aSirmtion every such magistrate or ether per-(im is hereby empowered and required to atlnriniller; and every oalh or aliinnalion iu taken, shall he delivered to the clerk of the peace for the city or county wherein the’ lame shall have been taken, to be kept among the records thereof.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

V. And be it further enacted, 'I hat if any person shall buy or receive any corn for fade, or upon commission without taking the said oath or affirmation agreeable to the direction of this act, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the film of ten pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every chief magi (Irate or other person, who shall receive any such account, shall, in forming the averages and medium oi the prices of corn pursuant to the provisions of the said act, and of this present act, include so much of the corn, grain, meal, or Hour, mentioned in every such return, as shall not have been fold in the public market, in like manner as if the lame had been fold there, reckoning for every thirteen stone and one-third of (lour, one barrel of wheat, and for every seven stone of oatmeal, one barrel of oats, and every return of the medium and averages so formed, shall be deemed and taken tc be the icturn of the medium and averages within the meaning of the said act.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to require any person who shall fell meal or floor by retail only, to make any return of having received the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any port any average of the price of any species of corn or grain shall not appear to the chief officer of the port, to have been formed on a greater quantity than twenty barrels, if beans, peas, or rye, and two hundred barrels if any other speeies of corn or grain, the export of such species, and all meal and flour made thereof, from Inch port, and the bounties thereon, shall be regulated by the price ascertained, pursuant to the said receited act, and this present act, at the nearest.port where each average of such species shall have been formed on a greater quantity than the quantities aforesaid respectively, certificates of which prices the several collectors are hereby required to procure without delay.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the medium of the average prices for the purpose of export, instead of being forme;' on the average prices of the three market days immediately preceding the flopping, pursuant to the laws now in force, flia'i he formed on the average prices of the corn, grain, meal, and flour (hid in market; and also of the corn, grain, meal, and flour received and dated in manner herein before mentioned, in each week of the two weeks immediately preceding the shipping; and that every return to be made by any magistrate to any collector, pursuant to the provihou of the said receited act, or this act, shall be in the form following.

Retailers no; io make return.

If average price of beans, pins, or rye, be not form* eii, on r. greater q :an-tiiy titan 20

kinds ;uu]

of any other speeir:. of com, on a Kualci <jimii-tity til ui l>i»ieh,export an'] bounties to be icftu-lat«: by next iHit'dl ;x,;t

win re average ha-: hvCii fonnitl,

'» a guatcr quantity.

Th<- me-diim. of the avioiiie prices for Ur i*or -p'lfv'Ti'kiOlt, li-tw- to be loimuJ.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

a3»

A.D.

1 tp- An ACCOUNT of the Average Prices

Chap* ^o*

rw of Corn and Grain for the Two last Weeks ai and the Medium thereof.

A V E Pv A G E S.

spe'cies. Is- J c. 6 I J ?«|Total Numbers of Barrels. Total Prices.

For the Week ending f Wheat R)e Evans <{ White Peas 1 Grey Peas 1 Bailey fOats

For the Week ending f Wheat 1 Rye 1 Evans White Peas|Grey Peas|Barley fO-its

For the Week ending f Wheat Rye Beans White Pets Grey Peas Barley Oats

MEDIUM.

MEDIUM.

o

O

o

t*

i ft Average. 2d Ditto. Wheat. Rye. Beans. White Peas. J Grey Peas. Bai ley. Oats.

- —

Total. Medium. 1 '

To

Collector of the Port of

The thirtieth: Year of George III.

24°

A.D.

Chap. 30.

Col.1 ‘'Unity t sit* 1!i:S liotik ;is licic-

i:i;

colli-ft-ir's bunk tj be <Ielivu‘ul to paytintler of

corn ptemi-um-j in Dunlin every half year as herein.

Ikiynruler to report to comtinfiioners of revenue

whether returns arc conformable to law, fxc. as

k'uiii;

copy of faiil report and abstract of prices of corn, &c. to be laid before chief governor.

Corn, &c. not to In: carried coastways when exportation to foreign parts is prohibited, iinlcfs as herein.

Collector to fernl attest-cil copy of return of prices to pnvmatler by Bril poll;

if no return made, collector to notify such to pay* matter;

paymaster immediately to fend account to collector

The tl.iriiah Year of George III.

X. And be it further enacted, That every collector shall enter refill.il l)- in a book to lie by him kept fur the purpose, every return of the prices of corn made to him ill pursuance of this or the said receited act, and every certificate which shall at any time be his direction as to export or bounty, and he Audi enter also in the said book an account of all corn, grain, malt, meal, and (lour shipped for exportation, whether coaltways or beyond tile leas, specifying the limes when shipped, and to what ports, in what ships, and whether any and what bounty was paid or payable thereon, and lie shall deliver or cause to lie delivered the said book to the pav-master of corn premiums in the city of Dublin, once in every half year, that is to say, in every first: or second week of April, and in every first: or feeond week of October, signed by himself.

XI. And be it further Enacted, That the said paymaster of corn premiums shall, as soon as lie conveniently can, examine the said book, and report to the commissioners of the revenue, whether the returns therein entered are conformable to the law in every respect, or in what particular they are defective, and whether the expect and payment of bounty stated therein, have been respectively authorized by those returns or by the certificates, and by the laws for regulating the fame, and he shall lay a copy of the said report, together with an abstract of the prices of corn and grain at each port, dining the period contained in each book, before the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no corn or grain, or malt, meal, or flour made thereof, Avail be flupped to be carried coast-vrays out of any port where the exportation thereof to foreign parts

Avail at the time be prohibited by virtue of the laves in force for regulating the fame, unless it Avail appear to the coileflor or other chief officer there,- that the exportation of the fame species of corn, grain, malt, meal, or flour is at the time prohibited to foreign ports from the port for which the fame is to be shipped.

XIII. And for the more speedy information at each port of such exportation being prohibited at any other port: be it further enacted, That every collector of his Majesty's revenue shall regularly send to the paymaster of com premiums an attested copy of the return of prices made to him by the chief magistrate or other person as aforesaid, by the first opportunity which the poll shall aflord after his receiving the fame, and if no such return Avail be made, he Avail certify so by such first opportunity, after the time shall have elapsed on which such return ought to have been made, and the paymaster shall immediately fend or cause to be sent to such collector in the kingdom, by the next poll which Avail set out

from

The thirtieth Year of George III.

from Dublin after his receiving the said attested copies, an account of each port wherein the export of any corn, grain, malt, meal, or flour shall be prohibited, specifying the species so prohibited, and such port shall be deemed by every collector of any other port to continue shut for the exportation of such species, until the time when the next account thereof ought in regular course to he received by him from the paymaster of the corn premiums, pursuant to the provisions of this act, or until he shall he otherwise authentically informed that it is open.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all attefied copies, certificates, and accounts herein before mentioned, shall be received by the paymaster of the corn premiums, and the colicdlor of the revenue respectively, free of the duty of pollage, so as they be without covers, or in covers open at the (ides, and contain no other matter or thing lave what is herein directed, or what relates i'oiely thereto.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the paymaster of the corn premiums shall fend a true copy of every such return of prices made to him by the collector, once in every tveelc, to the person appointed by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, pursuant to the provisions of the said act, to be by him delivered to the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, or in case of his absence by sickness or otherwise, to the magistrate afling as such, who is hereby required to cause the same to be entered in the book kept by the clerk of the market, pursuant to the provision of the said receited act, and to include the quantities and prices mentioned therein, for the six weeks immediately preceding each quarter day, in the like manner as the quantities and prices mentioned in the said receited act, for the purpose of drilling the average price for the quarter day.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no copy of any return made to the person appointed by the lord licute,nant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, pursuant to the provisions of the said recited act, shall be sent by him to the lord mayor, or magistrates aiding as such, un'els it be signed by a magistrate, certifying that he believes such return to be a true and just return.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said lord mayor, or magistrate afling as such, shall in striking the average price of wheat deem thirteen Hones and one-third of flour equal to one barrel of wheat, and seven (tones of oatmeal equal to one barrel of oats, any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Am! to prevent the inconveniences which may arise to the corn trade from the consequences of a fudilen rife of price,

Vol. XV. P p p alter

2£T

PaymaJlrr to lend weekly copies ot return* to periods appointed todc-liver i hem to lord mayor of Duhli n, or mnpithate acting as such;

lord mayor to cause returns to Ik t'lilriol

in book he at by dcik of I lie market, itu ludinjj a* htrein.

Returns not to lie f* nt to perf -n appointed, un-I f certiiied by a magi-

Attic*

J.r.id di'vor in ! rs». lit* averse;*, *o «V. in 13 |!oks »'.d I 3.1 I!..ur ctjto a d of wli.a*, <si’d 7 I’s ol o;.:n ta! to a ba*. :c! ci cau

442 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

after a part ef a cargo shall be flopped, and before the whole

179°- shall be completed on board: be it lurther enacted, That where

any corn, grain, meal, malt, or flour shall be entered for expor-Ife-irn.ftc. tation, and a part thereof adnally shipped at a time when the ll0,1,lty ')c payable on the export thereof, or when the ex-ai. ot it po, t thereof shall be legal, the remaining quantity ft) entered

wuuiVnmmy shall and may be shipped at any time within seven days.after inch

tllirv: and exported within due time after, and the exporter be ill, irnainma entitled to receive bounty thereon, if the price at the port at the

putt lo cuter- t '

<.d miy he time of Inc entry would have entitled liim thereto, no withstand-iil'^.iaying any rife of juice after Inch entry, any thing in the said recited tti lutry, ami aA or any otilcr act to the contrary notwithstamish<r.

lie entitled 10 . o

bounty, if (> ice ai lime of entry would have cmulca it to bounty.

I lOVIlll tl

oath he nude as herein.

Morale negjecilllg to make rutui it,

lined 40l.

XIX. Provided always, That the exporter shall iirft make oath, (or if a quaker, aflirmation) before the coiledor or other chief ollicer of the port, that the whole of such cargo was actually in his or her possession, and returned by him or her, or by his or her clerk or agent to the chief magistrate or other person, pursuant to the prorilions of this act, before the price role above the bounty or the export price, as the case may be.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any chief magistrate shall neglect or omit to make any return at the time, and in the manner prescribed by law, lie shall forfeit the film of forty pounds ill lieu of the penalty prescribed by the said recited act;

cullefliir or and that it any collector shall neglect or omit to send to the pay-plectin/to ilii mailer of the corn premiums any attested copy or certificate «a'iiVy tics tfttedled, at the time it ought to be font, or to deliver the

act, lined 20l. book herein directed at the time it ought to be delivered, or if the pavmaster of the com premiums shall omit to lend to any collector the account herein directed at the time prescribed, every collector and paymaster lo offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful at all times to ship and export bread and biscuit to all places whatsoever, notwithstanding the prices of corn or grain of which such bread or biscuit may be made, shall be above the rates for exportation, any thing contained in this or any other act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding the prices of wheat or oats shall be respectively above the rates at

hnJin teh* v,’A'ch the fame may be exported, it shall and may be lawful proportions from and after the passing of this act to ship and export to the ports at all island of Newfoundland from such ports in this kingdom, and in triKiascom- fucj1 proportions from each of such ports as the commissioners of

nmuoncts of r

customs shall his

deem proper;

Bread or biicuii may be opmted ft all times.

Flour or oatmeal may

be exported

The thirtieth Year of George III. 245

his Majesty's customs shall deem proper, and for which they the A.D. said commissioners, or any three or more Ol them, shall grant I79c-a license under their hands, any quantity of Hour or 0atmc. 1l not exceeding in the whole in any one year one hundred ami listy fspno n..tt« tons of flour, and two him ired and listy tons of oatmeal, so as the exporter do before the flopping or lay ing on hoard the fame "[ flmr and become bound with other sufficient frauity in treble the value , Lm!;

thereof, to the comniiflicners or chief officer or officers of his -

1 rxpmtcr to

Majesty's customs, belonging to the port or place when; the fame ( shall be shipped or put on board, who hath or have power to take such security in his Majesty's name and to his Majesty's nle> that Inch commodities shall not be landed or fold in any ports whatsoever other than the said island of Newfoundland, and that rmlficwe as a certificate under the hand and seal of the cnileftor, comp- rit'u ncii'in" troller, or other chief officer c-1 th.e customs, or if no such, offr:,yr_the naval officer or some other principal officer there, shall within i.r date of the lpacc of eighteen calendar months after the date of such bunii' bonds, (the danger of the leas excepted) he returned to the officer who took the said bonds, that the said commodities have been landed in the said island of Newfoundland, and for the taking of such security no l-.e or reward Audi be demanded or received.

XXIII. And be it further drafted, That no quarterly return How th-shall be made of the price of barley, for the quarters ending j£r‘ the tenth of February or tenth of August in each year, but that ri:e"latai. the price thereof shall he regulated from the tenth of June to the tenth of November, by the price formed for the quarter, ending the tenth of May preceding, and from the tenth of February to the tenth of May, by the price formed for the quarter, ending the tenth of November preceding, any thing in said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And in order to enable the lord mayor, or other chief magistrate of the city of Dublin, with greater convenience and correctness to nr kc the weekly returns directed, to be made to the chief officer or officers of the revenue in said. port, and for the better regulation of the corn markets ot laid city: be it lurther enacted, from and after the puffing this act, That Wednesday and TV mr-Friday only in each week, shall he the market days at the mar- ma.l.'.'.uf-ket-house in Thomas-llrcet in said city, and that Tuesday Thursday only in each week, shall be the market clays at the Grand Canal harbour, near faint Jame’s-street in said city, on which days respectively it shall and may he lawful for every species cf corn and grain, meal and flour, to be brought to and

P p p 2 fold

and "!‘a

hid HOtlf.

cdj

penalties.

'jj The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

fold in said markets, any thing in any act to the contrary not-1790. withstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all penalties which shall :limy recover- [je incurred under the provisions of this act, shall and may be recovered by any person suing for the fame, by action, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record application of in this kingdom, and one moiety thereof shall be to the use of the person suing for the fame, and the other moiety shall be paid to the Dublin Society, until a society for promoting agriculture shall he establillied in the county where such penalty shall be incurred, and then such moiety shall be paid to such society, to be by them expended in promoting the agriculture of this kingdom.

XXVL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall wilfully, falsely, and corruptly take any oaths or affirmations, in pursuance of this act, and be thereof lawfully convicted by verdict, or upon his, her, or their confession, he, she, or they so offending, shall for every such offence, incur and suffer such penalties, pains, and disabili-tics, as persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are by any of the laws now of force in this kingdom liable unto, or if any person or persons shall corruptly procure or suborn any other person to take such false oath or affirmation, and the person or persons so procuring or suborning shall be thereof convicted by verdict, or upon his, her, or their confession, every person so offending, shall for every such offence, incur and suffer such'penal-.ties, forfeitures, pains, and disabilities, as persons convicted of subornation of perjury, are by any of the laws now of force in this kingdom liable unto.

Penalty on ;perjury.

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Loughfoyle, at the City of Londonderry, and the Suburbs thereof and for certain Regulations relative to said City.

rrcamble. T WHEREAS the city of Londonderry and the suburbs thereof, are by the extension of commerce considerably encreased, and are likely to encrease: and whereas there is no communication or passage from the said city, into the county of Londonderry, and country adjoining, except by a ferry over the said

The thirtieth Year of George III. 245

said river Loughfovlc, which is wide anil extensive, and very A.D. inconvenient for the conveyance of pali'engers, their goods, cattle 179°-and carriages: and whereas the building a htidge over the said river will tend so increase the trade of tire laid city, and by uniting fame, and the county of Londonderry, and the country adjoining, will promote agriculture, and he of public utility: be it therefore ensiled by the ting’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice anti confenr of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefciit parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the mayor, aldermen, sheriffs and Mayor, abbr. httrgefles of the city of Londonderry, incorporated by a charter and imiyoffll-a granted by his late Majesty king Charles the Iccond, in the four-teenth and fifteenth years of his reign, by the name of the appoint mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, shall he, and are hereby appointed cuminissioners, with lull power and authority for designing, making, crofting, and building one wooden bridge across the said river; and that it shall and may he lawful to and "PP".1"1

y him* bridge a

for the said mayor, aldermen, flieiiiTs, and burgesses, or the ina- 10 be built; jority of them, in common council assembled, to defigu, allign, lay out, and appoint, in what manner said bridge shall he built, and over what particular part of the said river, of which appointment before the lame shall be carried into execution, one ynwm],4, no

t:Cc to be

months notice shall be given, ov public potting on the exchange pU-» of ap-of said city.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Toluns said, That the said bridge so to he erected or built over the said river Foyle, at the city of Londonderry aforesaid, anil all and J

every bridge to be hereafter erected by the authority of this act, as bmm; shall be so conlirufted and built, as that there shall remain a free and open passage for ships and vefltls to pals and repass through the fame, and for such purpose (hill contain one lifting port-cullis, or arch of twenty-five feet at lead in the clear in breadth, provided with wooden piers of Juflicient ilrcngtli, at proper diflnnces, for warping vessels through the fame; and that the said lilting litnationoi port-cullis, or arch, shall be placed in that part of the bridge at cui|/s; the exact distance of one quarter of tile width of the river, to be measured from the water mark of the Derry fide of the said river; and that the solicitor or receiver of liie toils of such bridge, or such other person as shall iiave the care thereof, shall, as often as open the pou-any ship or vessel shall have occasion to p.ifs or repass through such arch, he obliged with all convenient speed to open the fame, and suffer such ship or vefle! to p us through the said arch.

Vol. XV. Qji q III. And

246 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D. 1II. And for as much as the erecting and building said bridge I7'.)0, so int.iul-.d to be built, and the repairing, preserving, enlighten-big, watching, and supporting the said bridge, mud be attended with considerable charge and expence: be it enacted by the authority aibrd'aid, That it' dull and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, and they are hereby empowered to take and receive, or cattle to he taken and received in the nature of a toll, before any pallage dull Ire permitted, any turn which the said mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry in common council assembled shall think Rates of lit, not exceeding the following rates, that is to say, for every conTd'l'v " ' co:,c*'t hcrlin, chariot, ctdalh, chaiie or chair, drawn by fix or cuinmission ni0re horle or horses, or other hcalls of burthen, the sum of three findings; and for every coach, herlin, chariot, calash, chaiie or chair, drawn by any Idler number of horses, or other beasts of burthen, than fix, and more than two, two shillings and six pence; for every coach, hcrlin, chariot, calafli, chaiie or chair, drawn by two horses, or other heads of burthen, the sum of one drilling; for every waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage with four wheels, drawn by four or more horses, or other heads of burthen, the sum of one shilling; by Ids than four horses, or other beasts of burthen, the sum of ten pence; for every waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage with two wheels, drawn by more than ty/o horses, or other heads of burthen, the sum of eight pence; for every cart, car, or other carriage, drawn by two horses, or other heads of burthen, the sum of six pence halfpenny; for every carriage commonly called a chaiie or chair, with two wheels, drawn by (me horle, or other bead of burthen, the sum of six pence, if with four wheels, ten pence; for every sedan chair, the film of four pence; for every cart, car, or oilier carriage, drawn by one horle, or other bead of burthen, and not laden, the sum of two pence; for every cart, car, or other carriage, drawn by one horle, or other bead of burthen, and laden, the sum of six pence; for every Hedge, Hide, or other carriage, without wheels, drawn in any manner, the sum of two pence, and for all carriages whatsocrer, drawn in or by ary other maimer than as albrd'aui, the linn of six pence; for every horle, griding, mare, mule, or a is laden, the film of two pence, and unlink n, one penny; lor every drove of oxen, or neat cattle, the film t f three shillings and four pence per l'core, and so in proportion lor iiiv giealci orless number; lor every drove of calves, bogs, theep, or lambs, the sum oi ten pence per lcore, and so in proportion for any greater or Idler number; for every dead hog,

the

The thirtieth Year of George III. 247

the nun of one penny; for cvcrv person carrying or conveying A.D. a kilh, basket, flick-load, or pack of any kind, the sum of one >790. penny; for every paflcnger pa/iing over said bridge, except such ^7^' person or persons as shall be ('.riven in Inch coach, cluuiot, hcr-iin, cliaife, chair, or calarti, and the driver or drivers thereof, and the footman or footmen, servant or fervanls thereof, (fatiding behind the fame, the linn of one halfpenny each; which said respective sum and turns of money Hull be demanded and taken in the name of, or as a portage, toll or duty; and the said money mnney arising so to lie ruifed as aforesaid, is and shall be hereby vested in the veo.ta fu/cvcr laid mayor, community, and citizen--, and their successors, for maV0,»

ever, and the fame and every part thereof, shall lie applied and disposed of, and he adigned to and for the several tiles, intents, and purposes, and in fitch manner as herein after is mentioned and directed; and the said mayor, community, and citizens, and ftc-

-y. ' J may levy tolls

their iueccliors, are hereby empowered by tbcmselves, or any per- hyiiiiiiefc, a* foil or persons by them appointed, under their common seal, and ilcr<:'"’ are hereby authorized to levy the tolls or duties by this act appointed and required to be paid, upon any person or persons who shall, after demand made thereof, neglect or rt'fuse to pay the same by distress of any carriage, liorl'e, or oilier cattle, or goods, upon which any such to! or duty is by this act imposed, or upon any other of the goods or chattles of any (itch person or persons as ought to pay the same, and may detain fame, until such toll or duty, with the reasonable charges of such dillraining and keeping shall he paid; and it shall and may he lawful to and after 4 d-iyi. for the person or persons so dillraining the fame, after the space rjj ^<uLr of four days after Inch distrtfs made and taken, to fell the goods distrained by public auction, returning the overplus, if any he, upon demand to the owner, after such toll, duty, and reasonable charges for dillraining and keeping the lame, shall be dedufled and paid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any receiver or receivers, collector or collectors of the said lolls,

dial! exact from, or compel any. person to pay any duty or toll sal (oil. not authorized by this act, fitch receiver or receivers, collector or collectors shall, for every lueli olfenec forfeit five pounds, to be recovered in a fmnmary way, before the said mayor, or justice or justices of said city and liberties, by any person from whom any unlawful toll or duty shall be lo exacted.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, T.iat it shall Mayor. Sc. and may he lawful to and for the said mayor, community, and

citizens of Londonderry, and their hitceflors. and they are hereby all, Jral'f'

% J J and receive

Qjj q - authorized toll.

248

The thirtieth Year of George III.

Persons forcing a jiaf-sage without paymjr toll, r nllict ivif#-.

A.D.

authorized arc! empowered to cre£t and place one or more toll-*79°- honfe or toll-houses, and one or more toll-gate or toil-gates, at or near fml bridge; and the fail mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, ami their successors, and any person or persons by them authorized, are hereby empowered to receive at such gate or gates the tolis or duties required by this act to be paid, before the pnllage of any periun, carriage, cattle or goods, through the said gate or gates.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if ar.v person shall force a patfige through Inch gate or gates, for him, her, or their,lehrs, his, her, or their carriage, cattle, or

aftinga,here- goods, without paying the tolls required by this act, or shall mlnett brfo wilfully destroy, break, pull down or damage any gate or gates, m,i)i>r, toll-house or toll-houses, which shall he erected by virtue of this act, or shall prevent or ohltrnd the erection of any I'uch gate or gates, toll-house or toll-houses, or shall obstruct the collector or collectors appointed by the mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, and their fnccelLors, in collecting said tolls, or the person or persons employed by them for that purpose, each and every person so offending may, for every such offence, he summoned personally or by a summons, left at his, her, or their usual place of abode, with some person living therein, of the age of lixtcen years, and upwards, at the instance of the said mayor, community, and citizens, or their successors, or of the person or persons appointed by them to receive the same, one day before the day on which his, her, cr their appearance shall he required to appear before the mayor of laid city, his deputy, or 011c or more juitiee or justices of the peace for said city, and the liberties thereof, who shall hear and determine the merits of said complaint in a fuminary way, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible vitness or witnesses, or by the confession of the mayor, &c. parly, which oath such mayor or justice of the peace is, and are adjudge pa-f hereby authorized and required to administer, and to enquire into, tons piitliv, ami determine upon any offence as aforesaid, and shall in case of (h'n'u noty proof of any Inch offence as aforesaid, whether the party com-kmnmmU 1’hiined against appear or not, if the service of the summons be fcrvtil, as duly proved," adjudge the person or persons guilty of fame, to line lol. oiili pay to the said mayor, community, and citizens, or their succes-coits j lots, or to the person or persons by them, or the fueeeflors of them audio;ized, any film not exceeding ten pounds, with the iicccflary colls and charges; and in case Inch complaint shall appear grouiKllcfs and itiijufl., then such mayor or justice of the peace shall adjudge to the person or persons so unjustly complained

if compliant

5). atljul.id in nrrfi.iis

UBitiiKl

The th: r}:!}.' Year f George III. 249

plained npaiuft, any ft am not exceeding hve pounds flci ding, to he A.D.

paid by the penon it: ) preferring Inch unjult complaii it; and in 179°-

liich calc the hum adjudged by Inch rusvi.r or julth-e of t!:c peace,

shall be levied by varnm, under the iir.mi and leal of Inch mayor or justice of the peace, off the goods and chattles of the person or persons so adjudged to pay the same; and the said goods and eooj]-.^(Irrun-chattku so dullramed, shall ami raav, on any dav after tlio space iv tliimimti of four days from the time of distraining, and within the l'paee lltltm ’ of two days, lie publickly sold by the person to whom the said variant of distress shall be granted, and out of the produce thereof, the ium so adjudged shall he paid to the person or persons impowered to receive the same; and if any overplus remain, alter m-crplmio deducing the coifs and charges, it shall he paid to the owner or owners of inch goods and chattles so dill rained, and sold as aforesaid; and in case fuel] distress cannot he made, then that ifiKiln-f'csn-the said mayor or other justice of the peace, shall and may, ,&:«lcr o.m-and he and they are hereby empowered to commit the said person or persons to the common gaol of the said city, there to 3 remain without hr.il or mainprize, lor Inch time, not exceeding three months, as to the fit id mayor, justice, or juRiccs of the peace shall seem lit and meet.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

it shall not be lawful to credt any house or building, or any (land -.CvU ..n or Hands for sale of any wares or otherwise, upon the said bridge 1!,'^’.',* to be so built, other than such gates and toll-houses herein after mentioned, as by the said mayor, community, and citizens, and their lucceffnrs shall be ordered or directed.

VIII. And for the preventing wilful or malicious damaging or destroying the said bridge so to be built, or any part thereof:

be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or p^r,. ,ta. persons shall wilfully or maliciously, and without authority from '^"S l"v!sc the said mayor, community, and citizens, or the successors of them, tuny, pull down and dcltroy the said bridge, or any part thereof, or remove or tube away any works thereto belonging, or direct or procure the same to be done, whereby the said bridge or the works thereof may be damaged, or the lives of the passengers be endangered, fudi oficnder or offenders being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and suffer as a felon.

IX. And for the more eiTcftually keeping the passage or paff.'.gcs over said intended bridge free and dear from any obstruc-lion of hackney coaches, carts, ears, truckles, drays, and other carriages Handing on the said bridge so to be built, or within

Yon. XV. R r r the

2 jo Yhc thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

the space of one hundred yards on either fide of the fame respect'79°- lively.: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when the ^dd bridge shall be completely finished and made passable, it shall itmptvcar-.not be lawful for any coach-man or driver to (land or ply for hire, !w ro Kami with any coach or other carriage whatsoever, or to have any wiiiiin ico empty coach or carriage on the said bridge, or within one hun-uf fridge; tired yards on either fide of the lame respectively, or for any

carman, caster, drayman, or driver of any carriage whatsoever, wilfully to Hand or remain with any cart, car, dray, truckle, or other carriage upon the said bridge, or within the distance afore-

&°- "'’b "V. <1 k'1* leli,e^ively> or for any peilon- or persons to put any filth,

on budge; dung, allies, or rubbish on the said bridge, or to do any act which may be an annoyance there, and that any person so offending therein as aforesaid, and being thereof convicted, upon complaint made before the mayor of the said city of Londonderry, or some other justice of the peace of the said city and liberties, either

upon the confession of the party, or the oath of one or more fJmbng/fined credible witnel's or witnesses, which oath such mayor or other "1""' justice is, and are hereby authorized to administer, flia.ll forfeit and pay for every such offence such sum not exceeding twenty shillings, and not lei's than two shillings and lix-pence, as said appl’cauon of mayor or justice shall direct, the same to go and be applied between the parties informing against and apprehending every such offender and offenders, in such shares and proportions as the said mayor or justice shall direct the same to go and be applied, and in default of in default of immediate payment thereof, the offender or offen-:r;l,:;ol"' derslhall be committed by the mayor or justice before whom he,

yurt lioiife or ffCv shall be convicted to the work-house or house of cor-

for 2 days.

rection of the said city and liberties, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two days, as the mayor or such justice shall think lit to order.

Order nf X. And be it emitted by the authority aforesaid, That no order raovcnldeb'r which shall be made by the mayor or any justice or justices by certiorari, «c. vjrme of this act, or any other proceedings to be had touching the conviction or convictions of any olfender or offenders against this act, shall he quaffed or vacated for want of form only, or he removed or removeable by certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin.

Persons ag-

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the fppcaUo'11 authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons shall t*lln^ ^‘m, ^ler> or diemselves aggrieved by any order or proceedings of any justice or justices of the peace, which shall be made

or

The thirtieth Year of George III. 251

or had under this act, it shall and may he lawful for such per- A.D.

son or persons to appeal to the justices of the peace at their 79°-

next general quarter sessions of the peace to he he'd for the city

and liberties of Londonderry aforesaid, and the juliices of such jultiasuf

general quarter sessions of the peace are hereby required to hear

and 'finally determine every such anneal and appeals, and Ihsll awonl cniti,

1 . , ami lory them

award to the party or parties to whom Inch appeal shall be jiBrcfs.

determined such colls as to them in their discretion liiall seem

reasonable, and shall raiie and levy by their order or warrant

such costs as shall he awarded by diilrefs and laic of the goods

and chattles of any person or persons who liiall be ordered to pay

the fame.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on A fcliolvle

of the tolls to

some convenient and public place on such bridge, and near the i,c ,n\x«l on 'toll-gate or toll-gates thereon, there shall he affixed a hoard or "f'-'r done, on which shall be dillinftly printed Or carved a iciiedule of the tolls aforesaid, under the penalty of five pounds,'to be recovered by any person or persons from such gate-keeper by civil bill, at the assizes for the Laid city and ccuntv of 'Londonderry aforesaid.

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Mayor, *c, shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, and their fueccflors,' to nominate i-di»; and appoint such person or persons to be receiver or receivers, collecter or collectors of the said several tolls and duties as they shall think fit, and all persons by this act liable to pay the said toll ml.-p.-cj tolls or duties, or any of them, are hereby required to pay the lo c"l":ctor: franc at the rates aforesaid, to such receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, and all such receivers and collectors shall respectively cniuaor to pay the same at all time and times when thereto required by. the tp"yp!ron"p. laid mayor, community, and citizens to such person or persons |,°;'"<,'I Bias they the said mayor, community, and citizens, or their successors shall empower and appoint by writing under their common leal for that purpose; and that such receiver or receivers, ccllcftor ,cc'um> "f or collectors aforesaid shall upon oath, if required by the said cd, He. to he mayor, community, and citizens, or their successors, which oath*110"0"11’ the said mayor, or any of the justices aforesaid, are hereby empowered to administer from time to time, give in a true, exact, and perfect account in writing under their respective hands, of all monies which they and every of them shall to such respective times have received, paid, and difourfed by virtue of this act, or by reason of their respective offices, for which oath no ffee or"nf«r reward shall be taken, and the fame may be taken without anyquir«ii Rrt i stamp,

2:2 Tie thirtieth Year of George III.

on Jit;!.:! to c.

o’.li-r:, r (in*

r.i :i tito; :./, pa:«l, 11

TolUmay

hcfd by taut, as iiouu i

«:e.

tu iii'i'uint tc« Ii.l’it to if-Cone lulls

»r, wC.

iii.ty mrkc

(lamp, and in case any Inch receiver or receiver.*, collector or collectors of ilic said toils and duties shall refute nr neglect to make such account autl payment as by the faiil set is directed, then the fat el mayor or any just tee or jttiVtees of the peace for the city and liberties of Londonderry al'oreiaid, are hereby authorized to commit the party or parties refuting or neglecting so to do, to the public!: gad of the city and county aforesaid, there to remain without hail or mainprize, until lie or they shall have made a true account and payment as aforesaid, or compounded liter fame with the said mayor, community, or their successors, and paid the money by every inch cempontion Populated to he paid, which faiil mayor, community, and citizens, ate hereby authorized to make and receive, if they shall so think fit, in full satisfaction of all money that shall be then due from such person or persons,

XIV. And be it cnatfled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may lie lawful for the said mayor, community, and citizens, and their successors, during the continuance of said tolls, 10 demise or set the lame by public cant, between the hours of twelve and two o'clock of the day, at the exchange of said city, at tire highclt rent that shall he olfered and hid for the fame by a falvent tenant or tenants, the said tolls cr any tolls appointed by viunc of this act, for the term or space of one year, giving fourteen days notice thereof in the public notvfp.iper, and potting the fame’ in the exchange of said city; and the said mayor, community, and citizens, and their fueceifors, are hereby required and empowered under their common teal to appoint the said tenant or tenants thereof, his or their servant or Servants, to receive and collect laid tolls for such term as aforesaid, and the said mayor, community and citizens ale hereby empowered to make and ordain such rules and regulations as they or their fueceifors shall judge iiec'dlary and expedient fur the better coiiedling the

tolls afoi'claid.

Mayor, itc.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the "'ll! '-siii'i!;- said mayor, community, and citizens, or their fueceifors, shall is: and may, and they are hereby empowered from time to time

by writing under their common leal, to be ligned by the chamberlain for the time being, to convey, assign, or mortgage the said tolls or duties, or any part or parts thereof, to secure the repayment of any sum. cr iiimf of money to be borrowed cr advanced to the said mayor, community and citizens, or their successors, for the purpose of enabling them to carry on the crediting of such bridge, and for the other purposes in this act, to such person

The thirtieth Year of George III. 253

person or persons, or their trufiecs, as shall advance the Came, to A.D. be liibjcd to redemption upon payment of the films Co advanced I79°-with the interest thereof, and the sum or (inns lo advanced shall be applied and difpefed of for the carrying on the crofting of inch bridge, and for the purposes of this act, and the persons so Persons attending and advancing upon the credit of the ("aid tolls or duties y\'mi ;u>-appointed by virtue of this act as aforesaid, shall not be answer- 0" for

1 I a 7 Application*

alile or accountable for the application or non-application of such money or monies so lent or advanced.

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all persons to whom such mortgages and securities limit be made, or f who shall he entitled to the money thereby secured, may from time to time transfer and assign, the right, title, interest, and benefit in and to the said mortgages or securities, and the principal and interest thereby secured, to any person or persons by writing or indorsement on such securities, anti such transfer or aliignment shall entitle such assignce, his or her executors, administrators and assigns to all benefit thereof and payment thereon, and fuel) assignce may in like manner assign and transfer the fame again.

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if Mayor,&c-

’ ._may laife m«-

said mayor, community, and citizens, or their successors, Audi hnd ney as most

any difficulty in raising a sufficient sum or sums of money from c"",cmc"

time to time, for the eieding and carrying on said bridge, and for the other purposes of this act, the said mayor, community,

and citizens of Londonderry, and their successors, shall and may,

and are hereby empowered to raise the fame in any other manner

they shall judge necessary.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Mayor, i-c. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, community, and citizens, and their successors in common council andconuatls. assembled, from time to time to make such rules, orders, and regulations for the building, creeling, and carrying on such bridge, and supporting and repairing the fame, and make such contracts, and

do all other matters and things as shall or may appear to the said mayor, community, and citizens, or their successors, requisite and necessary for carrying 011 and effecting the purposes of this act.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ArcluWis

That the architeds, managers, or persons employed to build the said bridge, or fuel! other person or persons as the said mayor, ovcifcers

n public rjudi.

communttv, and citizens, or then- iucceiTors shall appoint, shall have all and singular Vol. XV.

the fame povvcis of railing and carrying hi s s away

254

A.D.

l?90' Chap. 31

GUfe lamp* to be placet! at '. very 20 feet;

watchmen

at ball to be kept on the bridge;

expence of lamps, &c. paiii out of toll*;

on default -mayor niay apply pan of cotlb for lamp*, &r.

Mayor, tee. to naive lolh hereto, so: paid-

The thirtieth Year of George III.

away gravel, (tones, earth, or other materials, for the purpose of crofting said bridge, as are given by the laws now in force, to the overseers of publick road?, and subject to the fame regulations and restrictions.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as said bridge shall be tinished, the said mayor, commu-nif, and citizens, or their successors, shall erect and fix at the tliltanre of every twenty feet on both tides of the said bridge, glass lumps, with double burners, and the same shall yearly ami every year, he lighted ami burning throughout the year, at and for such time and times, and subject to such orders, rules, and regulations, as shall from time to time be made by the said mayor, community, and citizens, or their successors, and that the said mayor, community, and citizens, or their successors, shall from time to time, after laid bridge shall be finished as aforesaid, nominate and appoint not less than four able bodied watchmen to be kept upon the said bridge throughout the year, for the safety and prote&ion of persons passing over the fame, which watchmen so to he appointed, shall be (ubject to fitch rules, orders, and directions as shall from time to time be made by the said mayor, community, and citizens, or their successors, and removeable at their will and pleasure, and the expence of buying, erecting, maintaining, and repairing the said lamps or lights, and the charges and expellees of watching the said bridge, as in this act isfet forth, shall be paid out of the tolls aforesaid, and in case the said mayor, community, and citizens, or their liiccessors, shall not ercdl said lamps as aforesaid, and keep the fame lighted in the same manner as lamps are lighted in the city of Dublin, or shall not keep a i’uflicient number of watchmen as herein before appointed, for the purpose of watching find bridge, then and in such case the said mayor is hereby required and empowered to apply so much of the money anting from said tolls, as shall be necessary for the purposes aforesaid, whole writing under hand and leal, shall be a sufficient authority for that purpose.

XXI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or he deemed, construed, or taken to extend to prejudice or alrcfl, or prevent or hinder the mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry aforesaid, from demanding and receiving the usual and customary tolls and duties, payable to the mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry aforesaid, as they have heretofore received the fame, but the said mayor, community, and citizens, and their fuc.-eflors, shall have power, and be it liberty to icoeive the tolls, duties, and customs paid to and received by them,

The thirtieth Year of George III.

them, in such manner as has been usual and customary in laid

tity and liberties.

XXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, and their successors, shall and may refeind any of said tolls, as they shall judge proper, provided that a sufficiency be left lor the payment of the aforesaid securities.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the monies which shall have been advanced or borrowed on credit of said tolls, and the costs, charges, and expences hereby chargeable and charged on such tolls, shall be fully paid and satisfied, and the costs and expences attending the keeping up, funporting, maintaining, lighting, anti watching said bridge, and the expences of collecting such toll, then the surplus or residue to arise therefrom, shall be paid into

the chamberlain of said city, for the use of said mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, to be applied in the same manner as other estates and property are vested in the said mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, for the use and improvement of said city and fuhurbs.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, to design, lay out, open, and make one or more passage or passages to said bridge, and for that ptir-pose to pull down and remove such buildings as obstruct the fame, and to make such roads to said bridge within said city, fuhurbs, and liberties, as they may deem necessary, and moll convenient for the publick, and lead injurious to private properly, first making reasonable satisfaction to the person and persons who shall luftain any damage thereby, in such manner as hereafter mentioned; provided no dwelling houses, cilices, or garden thereunto belonging, shall be immediately pulled down, or passed through, without the consent of the owner and owners.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, shall be, and are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, to treat, contrail, and agree with the several owners, proprietors, occupiers of, and persons interested in any lands, tenements, houses, buildings, gardens or hereditaments, requisite for the purposes aforesaid for the purchase or by way' of annual rent for the fame, of otherwise, as the said mayor, community and citizens shall think lit, and likewise lor the loss or damage such owners, proprietors, occupiers, and persons interested, or any of

S s s 2 them,

Mayor, &c-may refeind tolls ashcrei n.

After essences (mid, overplus to be paid to chamheilaiu of the dty.

for improve-incut of city, So.

Mayor, See. may remove buildings, to make roads to said bridge?

dwelling-house or gai den, not to be immediately difhirb-ed, without consent of owner.

Mayor, &c. empowered tc cunt raft for lands, &c.

256 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

them, shall or may any ways respectively sustain, by such open-'79°- ing, snaking, pulling down, or repairing Inch passage or roads, Chap. 31. an(| out 0p t|)e tojjs coiieQc(|) or to |je collected, by virtue of this act, or out of any money borrowed on the credit of this act, to pay for the purchase of such lands, tenements, houses, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, or for such lots or damage as may be sustained, inch fitm or sums of money, or annual rent, as shall be agreed upon, between such owners, proprietors, occupiers, and perl'ons interested as aforesaid, and laid mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, and all the colls and charges attending Inch agreements and purchases respectively.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such owner, proprietor, occupiers, and persons interelled in any Inch lands, tenements, buildings, houses, grounds,

filling to treat , ’ , b ’ . "

with mayor, or hereditaments, upon fourteen days notice to them given, or

daysuotice* ‘n 'wr‘t"'S at die dwelling house or houses, or place or places

of abode, of such person or persons, or at the house of the tenant

in possession of such lands, tenements, liouies, buildings, grounds,

and hereditaments, shall neglect or refule to treat, or Hull not agree for the purchase, or renting of any such lands, tenements, houses, buildings, grounds, and hereditaments, or any part or parcel thereof, or for their intcrefl therein, or for any annual rent to be paid for the lame, or by reason of absence shall he prevented from treating as aforesaid, then and in such case, the faitl mayor, community, and citizens, dial) cause it to be enquired into, and ascertained by, and upon the oath of a jury of twelve indifferent men of the boJy of the city and county of Londonderry. aforeiaitl, which oath the mayor of laid city is hereby required and empowered to administer what damages will be luf-tained by, and what recompence and satisfaction shall he made to such owners, occupiers, and proprietors, or other person or persons interested for, or upon account of pulling down such houses, opening or making laid passage or roads; and in order' thereunto, the said mayor, community, and citizens, are hereby empowered and required, from time to time, as there shall he occasion, to summon and rail before the said jury, and examine upon oath, all persons whatsoever, who shall he thought necessary or proper to examine as witnesses, touching or concerning the pre-milfes, which cuih the said mayor is hereby required and emit required, powered to administer, and if any of the parties interested shall i'j ’ I'cquch the fame, shall also cause the said jury to view the place

or p aces iu question, and shall use all other lawful ways and means, as wdf for their own as for the said jury’s better m orma-

tion

Matters herein t<» l*c

ascertaniecl

by a jury on persons re-

The tUr.idh Year of George III.

tion in the premisses, in such manner as to the said mayor mall seem fit; and after the said jury shall have so enquired of, af-certained, and settled fetch damage and rcccmpence, he, the said mayor, shall thereupon order and adjudge the him or flints of money so assessed by the jury for such purchase, or such annual rents as aforesaid, to he paid to the persons interested in laid lands, tenements, buildings, houses, grounds, or hereditaments, according to tltc verdict and ittquiiitu.il of such jury, which said ver-di£l or inquisition, and the order and adjudication so had and made, lltall be final and conclusive to all intents and' purposes, against all parties or persons whatsoever, claiming in possession, reversion, remainder or otherwise, their heirs, executors, or aumi-nistrators and successors respectively, as well ahlent as prefect, infants, femes covert, lunaticks, idcots, and persons under any other disability whatsoever, as well as all person or persons whatsoever, and all and every such owners, occupiers and proprietors, and persons interested in such lands, tenements, buildings, Itonfes, grounds, or hereditaments so purchased as aforesaid, shall thereby

be from thenceforth to all intents and purposes diverted of all

right, claim, inicrelt or property of, in, to, or out of the fame, and for the furomoning and returning Inch jury' and juries, the said mayor is hereby empowered frr;m time to time, to issue his warrant or warrants to the sheriffs of the said city and county, thereby requiring them to impannel, summon, and return, an indifferent jury of twenty-four persons, to appear before the mayor, at such time and place as in such warrant shall be appointed; of which time and place all parties interested shall have fourteen days notice given, or’left in manner aforesaid; and the said sheriffs are hereby required to impamul, summou, ami return such twenty-four persons accordingly, and out of the persons so hn-panneiled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear accordingly, to or upon such summons, the said mayor shall cattle to be sworn twelve, who shall be the jury for the purpose aforesaid, and for default of a fuflicicut number of jurymen, the said sheriffs shall return so many of the standers-by as shall be necessary to make up the number of twelve, to serve on such jury.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it tr.nfled by the authority aforesaid, That all perfor.s concerned shall, from time to time, have their lawful challenges, but not to challenge the at ray of the panel, against any of the said jurymen when they come to be (worn; and the said mayor shall have power from time to time, to impefe any reasonable fine or lines on such sheriffs, bailiffs or

Vo t. XV. T t t agents,

money to be l>anl according to verdict jury, winch Hull be laid!;

mayor to issue warrant to summon jury;

i,y daye notice

12 to be {worn;

in default of number, Ihu-riff to return Handers by.

Jury may bcthallenged}

mayor may fmc flici.ffr, &c.

258 A.D. 1790. Chap. 31.

mayor may levy lint* by dillicfs, on cIiattltH of persons rc-fiilmj; us herein

fine not to exceed 40s. for any one offence.

Sums assefT eel ciiaigcable <m lolls;

money re* in'id by per-iunr, or not received after 6 (lays notice bein': b:<l;:td with chain-Ik 1 lain, mayor, S. c. an-thoiized to pull down buildings, etc.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

agents, making default in the premises, and on any of the persons that shall be summonccl and returned on tuch jury, and fir all not

appear, or shall reftife to be sworn on the said jury, or to give their verdict, or in any manner wilfully neglecting their duty therein, contrary to the true intent and meaning.of this act; and on any of the persons who being required to give evidence, touching the preniiffes, shall refuse to be examined or give evidence, and from time to time to issue their warrant to levy fitch fine and fines off the goods and chattles of fitch person and persons io fined, so as that no inch fine shall exceed the sum of forty shillings, upon any one person, for any one offence.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fitch films of money, conlldcration, rent, recompence, or satisfaction as shall he agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, for the pulling down any hotife or bottles, making passages to said bridge, or for the damages sustained by any new road, shall he, and is, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon the tolls belonging to the said bridge, and shall be paid thereout or out of the money borrowed upon the credit of the fame, to the respective persons entitled thereto, and that upon payment of such sum or films which shall he so assessed for fitch lands, to he purchased as aforesaid, or tender thereof and refusal to accept the fame, or in case any such person or persons after six days notice to be given to him, her, or them, or left at the hotfle of the occupier of the premisses, shall refuse or neglect to receive the same, then upon leaving the lame in the hands of the chamberlain of said mayor, community., and citizens, to be paid upon demand to such person or persons as shall be entitled to the fame, it shall and may be lawful for the said mayor, community, and citizens, or their fiicccflors, workmen, or agents to take down such houtes, buildings, and tenements, and to lay the ground whereon the fame were crofted, and also inch ether grounds, lands, or hereditaments aG aforesaid, or I teh part thereof as they shall think lit into the said new road, and to do all and every such act, matter, and thing relatin': to such lands, tenements, houses, grounds, lands, or horcd:..:.ic!its, and to’ditch, drain, and fence out the fame, as to the said o.vyor, community, and citizens shall think lit, for carrying tin- aft into execution, and such lands, tenements, grounds, and hereditaments, after the money so coti-trafted and agreed for, or to assessed and adjudged as aforesaid, shall be- paid, tendered, or lete as herein directed, and after the said premisses shall he so ditched, drained, and fenced, or inch part thereof as the said mayor, community, and citizens shall direct,

Audi

"The thirtieth Year of George III. 259

shall to all intents and purpefes whatsoever become and be a com- A.D. mon highway. *79°-

XXIX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall

in any manner injure, lessen, or defeat the right, title, and interest Not to dc.

of the honourable society of the governor and afliflants of Lon- 1'

don, the new plantation in Ulller, within the realm of Ireland. am.of Lnn- don, thtt new

to the fam of twenty pounds sterling yearly for ever, payable limitation in

out of said tolls under the lease or grant made of the ferry on Paid ,'"|lllc

river of Louehfcylc, to the said mayor, community, and citizens vrarhf for b - ’ ' . ever for the

yd Londonderry, or any covenant or agreement entered into be- fmy. tween them, in case the said bridge shall not be built, or suffered to become ruinous and impassable.

XXX. And provided also. That nothing in this present act, Ld&csof shall injure or deprive the lelfees holding such ferry under the [oli^Shdlte said mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry from enjoy-

ing the toll thereof, until such bridge shall he credted, subject however to the rent payable by such leflecs, to the said mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, under the present fub-lilting lease thereof.

XXXI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained, shall

a/tedf, injure, or destroy the rights and privileges of any person right'JtJoin said city, suburbs, or liberties, of any right which they hereto- fc^y"^yaw* fore enjoyed of passing and repassing the said ferry, hut such per- pat briJje. son and persons shall have, exercise, and enjoy the fame right and privilege of passing and rc-passing over said bridge as they might over the said ferry, any thing herein contained to the contrary’ thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And whereas the erecting and continuing lamps in said city, will tend to the prel'ervation of the fame, and the eale and convenience of the inhabitants thereof: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may lie lawful for the mayor, community, and citizens of the said city of Londonderry, matter! in common council assembled, and they aie hereby required yearly

to ascertain and fix on the number and kind of lamps necessary city; for the said chy and suburbs thereof, and the places where the same shall be ii'idled, and the manner of erecting the fame, and the time wlnr. and how long the said lamps shall he and continue lighted, and the manner of lighting, dcanfing, trimming, liiufling, maintaining and repairing the fame, together with the amount of the Aims of money to be expended in the erecting, lighting, tltanfing, trimming, fnufiing, maintaining and repairing each of the said lamps; and that it shall and may he lawful for the said mayor, communi:,- and citizens of the Lid city of Londonderry, !' ‘' ;r;‘!

' from plans

Ttt 2 and herein;

Mayor* kc. to regulate

re-

260

A.D. 1700. Chap. 31,

applotters to value ytiirlv tlit lands, dwellings. &e. within laid city j

and to npplot lmmev for Hie purpoki licit-in, by a pro-poitionabli: poundage.according to value of Imufcs ?-c. fjiccilving as heroin

applott’-r* to be Kvmu as licriin

applotter nc-rded.T:;: 01 icfllllllj* to 1 ike I lie oath, or,! ine, not

: by the

to br ,! tni.'jor i i iod?\^ after made;

The thirtieth Year of George III.

and they are hereby required yearly and every year, between the first day of May, and Iirst day of August in each year, to nominate and appoint in writing three inhabitants of each of the four wards or divisions of the said city and fulmrbs, called by the names following, to v:it, Bilhnp-Street ward, Ship-Quay-Street waul, llutcher-Street ward, and Ffrry-Quay-Sreet ward, to be applotters, ant! that the said applotters, or any five or more of them, shall anti may, and they are hereby required to value and estimate the yearly value of the several lands, dwelling-houfis, out-houses, offices, cellars, Rabies, and yards within laid city and suburbs, together with such new houses, out-houses, anti premisses, as shall be from time to time hereafter built, erected, or cflablillied, within the said city of Londonderry, and to applot the money to he raised and paid for the pnrpoles aforesaid, by a proportionable poundage, according to the value at which Inch houses and other premisses shall be valued, specifying in such applotment the names of the different persons inhabiting or possessing the fame, who are to be liable to pay the same, and that each of the said applotters shall previous to his ailing as an applotter, take and subscribe an oath, or solemn affirmation, (if of the people called quakers) before the mayor of the said city of Londonderry, that he will, according to the bed of Ids (kill, abilities, and knowledge, faithfully and impaitially, without favour or aftedion, malice, or ill-will to any person or persons whatsoever, applot the said films so to be applotted as aforesaid, and that if any of the applotters to be appointed pursuant to this act of parliament, shall neglect, omit, or ruble to take the oaths or affirmation hereby required to lie taken by each of the said applotters, or shall happen to die before the said applotters, or any live or more of them, fi.all have made the aforesaid applolmems, that futh negltd, refusal, omission, or death, shall not invalidate the applotments made, or to be made by the other of the said applotters, or any live or more of them, but that in every futh tale, notwithstanding such neglect, omiHion, refusal, or deaili, the applotments made, or to be made by the others of the said applotters, or any live or mote of them, shall he good and valid, and that the said applotments in ten days after the lame shall be so made, shall be returned to the mayor of the said city of Londonderry, in writing ligned by the applotters thereof, or any live or more of them, and that every pet foil who (liali be appointed an applotter by the mayor, community, and citizens of the said city of Louduudciry, purliiam to this act, and flu.! lughit, omit, or refuse to take upon him the said office, or underul.ing :!m fame shall uegLct or otr.it ti.e execution

The thirtieth Year of George III.

tion thereof, or of any part thereof, or shall neglect, omit, or refuse to return the applotments to be made by him or them as aforesaid, in such manner, and within such time as herein before is mentioned, or shall without reasonable cause neglect or omit for the space of eight and forty hours after being summoned thereto, in writing, signed by the mayor of the said city of Londonderry, to appear before the said mayor, and to take the oath or affirmation herein before mentioned, or shall neglect or omit for twenty days after the majority of the applotters appointed pursuant to this act, shall have taken the oath or affirmation to make the aforesaid applotments pursuant to this act, in every such case, each and every one of the said applotters so offending, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by distress of the offender’s goods, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and seal of the mayor of the said city of Londonderry, to be issued for that purpose to the constable of the said city and liberties, or other proper officer or officers, and to be applied in such manner as herein after directed, and that if it shall happen that no such applotments as herein before set forth, shall be made by the aforesaid applotters, or any five or more of them, within one calendar month after the said applotters shall have been appointed pursuant to this act, that then and in such case, each and every of the said applotters shall from the end of the said month, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings for every day, until the said applotments shall be made and returned to the mayor of the said city, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods, by virtue of and under such warrant as aforesaid, and to be applied in such manner as herein after directed; and that it shall and may be lawful for the mayor, community, and citizens of the said city of Londonderry, from time to time to agree with, and appoint any person or persons as lamp contraftor or contractors, for crefting, lighting, cleansing, trimming, snuffing, maintaining, and repairing the said lamps, for any number of years not exceeding fourteen, and the person or persons so appointed shall, before he or they shall enter upon the execution of the said office, give security by bond, made payable to the mayor, community, and citizens of the city of Londonderry, with two sufficient securities for the due and faithful execution of his or their office or offices; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said mayor, community, and citizens, to nominate, confli'ute, and appoint such lamp com i.',. Y.i and contractors to coilcft and receive the several films

t. .: payable by the applotments herein before mentioned,

an i.idlamp coi.traftor or contractors shall coilcft and

». L: u it

applotters guilty of nc-gled or refu-fa! a* herein* fined id.

ifapplotmcnu be not made within I mouth after appointment, each applotter lined from the end of said month 209. per day, till applotments made and ic~ turned

to be levied by distress;

mayor, &c\ to appoint lamp contractor for time herein;

contraftor to give bond for faithful discharge ot duty j

lamp co:i-tiaclor ma bcaipeinii to ri.JIrCt; p'ot.T.rt.ts half yearly

receive

262 a. n.

17.-0. f.bap.

t» :*: <1 '

time liciciu;

on rif'jfil of |i.:ymci<t ?-!ur notice a>.

rrotk fold if ]>;r,mci>t not nrulc (\ tl.iys alter tliitrefs;

cii replevin

licruu;

tuikhiliu

]>.' iltl'.i I 1 u.;l. |]Sl,t, .-.o UTs u nniu-ii on

The thirtieth Year of George III.

rc-;‘vc !i:ilf-year!v the several sums to be made payable by t].e herein before mentioned anointments, off and from all persons iitbie to pay the same, and all persons who shall be :!nested therewith or be thereunto liable, shall pay such sums so applr.iud on ilirm as aforesaid, to the said lamp contraftor or cotttracir'rs lor the time being, by two ball-yearly payments, on eery fnft div of January, and on every ltrfl day of fillv, fttch Ian';', 1011-traelor or contractors givine; Jrotn time to time receipts g uis, if therewivo rctpiired; am1 that if any person or persons t't.ai! n gleet or rduk- to pay the it;to nr sums of money at plotted osi hint, her, or them as aforesaid, for seven days alter persona! demon! thereof made for him, her, or them by the said lamp tTum..cior or contractors, or any pirfct! by witting ligned by the said lamp contractor or contractors tin retmto authorized, or after demand in writing ilia! be left at the place of abode of Inch person or persons, that then and in every Inch case, it shall and may be lawful for liicll lamp contractor or contractors, in the referee of one or more conliable or eonitables of the said patil! cs, to dillrain the goods and chattles of such person or persons, and if the said goods and chattels‘hail not be r.cplevied, or the m-.ney paid within (tx days alter Inch distress made, together with the colts of making Inch distress, to be ascertained by the mayor of the said city of Londonderry, then to appr.iife and fell the said goods and chattles, or fitch part thereof as shall he fulfil ient to pav the money applntted on fuel] person or persons, together with all colls si 1:cl charges attending the said diilrds, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners of fitch goods or cluttlcs; and in case any replevin fl.all he brought for the goods and chattles so dilirained, the mayor of tile said city of Londonderry for the time being, shall and is hereby empowered and required to blue a ftnnmons in writing to all parties concerned to hear and determine the matter in dispute, whether the lame shall depend upon a claim of property by a (Integer or otherwise, in the most speeilv and luminary way, by examining parties and witnesses on oath, which he is hereby empowered to do, and to award l'siiirn of the goods so dilirained, or a tide thereof for payment of the l'.i'id sum or sums npplottal on the said person or persons, ur,lei's Inch distress he forthwith redeemed, and the determination of the find mayor shall he lin-il and conduiive to all parties, and tint it li, ii and may he lav fill for the mayor, community, and eiti.'.ei’.s i'i the said city of Londonderry, as often as any person or persons whom they lb. a 11 agree w it li, and appoint to erect, light, ittuff, e'.e.iv.fe, trim, maintain, arid rejair the said lamps, shall be

guilty

The thirtieth Year of George III. 263

guilty of any neglect cr milLchavinur in the evcctnioii of His, A.D.

(T their said office cr rjF.ces to remove him w them lb offend- 179°*

ing, from his, her, or their respective nfiiccs, ami; 11 his, or (licit

field, from time to time, to appoint :mv ether person or

jims, as lamp contractor or courad'ters, toured, li-. fimiTj cicaiife,

tiim, repair, and maintain the Said lamps, taking I'ueh feenrity

iiaan him or them as a'oiai. ir, lev any term of years, not exceeding fourteen veer?, and in ’- p.r:bn or pulon-s so to lie agreed

with ami appointed as afeanid, may and shall have and receive

the several linns to be made parable hv the applotments aforesaid, with the Ic-vmnl poor, i-, ol difir.dn'ing and recovering the fame, which are lie rein before meiltiencd; provided, that if any refuiut-

j-erion or personss so removed, shall think himl'elf or tlicmfeivcs

aggrieved hv fueit removal, it shall and r.tav lie lawful for him V*'*'

' * . <»f iiJir/-, wjm

or them to appeal to the next going jiuV- of afii/.e for the county i. finatir t» of the said city, who is hcichv authorized fimdlv to determine the fa,nc; " matter in cifpnte, and to rellore fitch person or persons, or to confirm his or their removal, as to the said judge shall fccm fit, from which determination there shall be it further appeal; and that if any person or persons whom I he mayor, connntinitv, and citizens of the said city of Londondirrv shall agree with and appoint to ered;, light, finifij cleanse, trim, maintain and repair the said lamps, as aforei.nJ, find! neglect to supply the said lamps with a fuliieient quantity of good and proper wiek, or oil, to continue lighting for Inch time as the said mayor, community, and citizens shall determine and fix on as aforesaid, or find! neglect to keep the glades of the said lamps, and of every of them, clean and entire, or shall he guilty of any other neglect for which the mayor, community, and citizens of the said city may not think proper to remove the said person or persons, that then, ;s. pCo;.j:y and in every Inch case, fitelt person or persons so offending, ["r, "c;|

Hull forfeit for every lamp which the said person or persons shall in if nrinowl lb neglect, for every night which fitch person or persons shall so neglect, the sum of five shillings, to he recovered and levied h;’

by distress and lale of such offenders goods and chattles, after coilvidlion before the mayor, or other justice of the peace of the said cirv of Londonderry, by the tt.fi im/my of one witness, or by coiifefiion of the party accused, and to he applied in manner herein after directed; and that if any person or persons shall rertors wilfully or n.aliciously break, throw down, or exiinguish any lamp ,my i Lx-or lamps to he erccled, to- light the fi:;ts; lanes, pafinges, or qua vs of the said city of Londonderry, .,-r the suburbs thereof, or wilfully damage (he j t Its, iron, or cthu iunuturc of the fame; it U ll it 2 shall

264

A.D. 1790 Chap. 31.

penalty for 1 ft ('Hence* 40s. for each lamp, See.

2doffence,50s.

forfuhfcquent offences, 3I,

if no distress offender commuted to house of correction from 1 to 6 month*;

dlfcltnrpfi! on payment of iiue$

If distress of othei offenders cannot he had after 24 hours from issuing warrant, mayor to iliac His vatrant to take the body of offender, and commit such person, till penalty he iatUlitd;

pnfon-. aj-to

U 'pc.'l t‘»

The thirtieth Year of George III.

H all be lawful for any person or persons to arrest and detain !uch offender or offenders, until he, flic, or they may he carried before the mayor or some other justice of the peace of the said city, for the time being; and every person so offending, and being thereof convicted by the oath of one witness, or by the confessutn of the party accused before the mayor or any justice of the peace for the said city, shall for the lirft offence forfeit forty shillings for each lamp, poll, iron, or furniture thereof, and for the second offence, the sum of fifty shillings for each lamp, pod, iron, or furniture thereof, and for the third, and every subsequent offence, the sum of three pounds for each lamp, port, iron, or furniture thereof, so broken, thrown down, extinguished, or wilfully damaged, to be recovered and levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods, in manner as aforesaid, and to be applied in such manner as herein after directed; and in case any person or persons shall he convicted in the manner before described, of breaking, throwing down, or extinguishing any lamp within the said city or suburbs thereof, or wilfully damaging the posts, iron, or other furniture thereof, and no goods or chattles of the person so offending can, at the time of such conviction be found, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said mayor or justice, hearing such complaint, to commit such offender to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not less than one month, and not exceeding six months; provided, that if such penalty or forfeiture shall be paid before the time of such commitment be expired, that then such offender shall, upon such payment, be immediately discharged out of custody; and in ca'e no goods or chattles of any of the other offenders who shall be convicted of any of the other offences, omissions, or refusals made punishable by pecuniary penalties, by any other part of this act, relating to lamps, shall be found within twenty-four hours after issuing such warrant as aforesaid, then it shall he lawful for the said mayor to issue his warrant in nature of an execution, to take the body of such

oflender, and to commit such oflender to the gaol of the said city, and county of the said city of Londonderry, to be held in execution until such puiahy and forfeiture shall be finished and paid; provided nevertheless, that if any person or persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the judgment of the said mayor of the city of Londonderry, or other justice oi the peace, I hat such person or ersons may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next genet al or quarter leflions to be held lor the said city of Londonderry; and if any such person or persons

such sessions are JvimelTes on oath

The thirtieth Year of George III. e

persons shall happen to be in custody, fuc'n person or persons A. A

/haii, and may be dPcharged out of culiudy, upon giving (efficient J7!?a

bail to appear at the said fefiicns, and the juiliccs of the peace at

hereby empowered to iunimon and examine iiiL-haigtd

ither fide, and finally to hear and deter- "ll.Tl

mine the merits of such apnea!, and make Inch order therein as '> appear at 11 . , i]i:auer-feui-

shall be agreeable to the provision and meaning of tins act, and uns;

to the nature and circmnftanccr. of the case, and in case of convic- judi'ce of

lion mav, and shall issue a warrant or warrants fur levying the '’‘V1

'* . ' a lodm-iimne

penalties or forfeitures, and for committing the offender or often- the fame; ders as aforesaid; that all the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures jf convicted, which shall he infiiftetl and levied by this act, for wilfully or maliciously breaking, throwing down, or extinguHhing any lamp or lamps to he erected in the said city, or suburbs. thereof, or for wilfully damaging the ports, iron, or other furniture of the fame,

shall he paid and applied in the manner following, that is to say, application of

one moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall discover

and ptofcctue such offender or offenders to conviction, and the

other moiety, and all other the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures application of

which (lvall he inflicted and levied by this act, to the governors ({.jiureaV

of the work-house of the said city of Londonderry, for the use of the said work-house; and that if any person or persons shall Perr°ns H"1'.

* . jhj! lamps, 6cc.

fkal, or forcibly carry away any of the said lamps, irons, polls, puiliyoffe-or furniture thereof, such person or persons being lawfully con- lVa»fpoi"cd vifted thereof upon indictment, shall be adjudged guilty of £'rj°r felony, and Avail be transported to one of his Majesty's plantations in America for seven years, or shall be publickly whipped at the discretion of the judge who Avail pass judgment on such offender.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, and their successors be, and they are hereby empowered to set out and ascertain the bounds of each of the said wards, liable to contribute to the expence of purchasing, lighting, and crefting such lamps, and the charges attending the same.

XXXIV. Provided always, That no tenant, occupier, or owner of any of the said several lands, dwelling hoofes, or premisses respectively, shall he liable to, or Avail pay any part of the said "Wc lurafe, watch, or lamp money, whole said lands, or dwelling house or^ be ico feet dwelling houses, or premisses respectively, shall not he one bun-

tired feet distar.ee of some one of the watch-houses or lamps to hoofc lamp, be erected as aforesaid, any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

Vnj. XV. X x x

Mayor, S:c

to

the v.aids.

Nu person

aC6

rufous whose hotif.: i-i under the vjIiii* of >1. not to pay lamp money,

&c.

Mayor to ISTmc his 'variant in miimc ol ,'n execution to the-riffs, to levy fines off goods of on foils iinmal in eihvnts;

am! to pity

ova I time to ciitimhciliiin

not to afftfl tlier mayor,

Re remming

iitic',

The power* grained by

51 G. 2. v illi

the amendments 35 G.j. and 25 & 24 G 3. veiled tn mayor, Xc,

The thirtieth Year of George III.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no inhabitants within said city or suburbs thereof, shall he charged or pay any part of the expences, costs, or charges of eroding such lamps, or supporting the fame, tvhofe house er caiabin in said city or suburbs thereof is, or shall he under the value of three pounds, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Whereas the fines imposed, and the recognizances forfeited, at the mayor or recorder’s court of the city of Londonderry, and general quarter sessions of the peace for said city and liberties of Londonderry, are estreated and returned from the said mayor’s court and sessions, into the common council of said city, confiding of the mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, to whom such fines and recognizances are granted by the said recited charter: and whereas doubts have arisen by whom process ought to he issued for the levying thereof, and to whom the fame ought to he directed, whether to the (herifis or serjeants at mace; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the mayor of said city, under his hand and leal, to issue his warrant in the nature of an execution, directed to the (lierifis of the said city and county of Londonderry, to levy such fines and recognizances oft' the goods and chattles of the person and persons named in such estreats, and from whom the fame ought to be levied, and the fame when levied to pay over to the chamberlain of the said mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, and their fiicccfiors; provided that nothing herein contained, shall in any manner act'eft the right of the said mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, and their fticccffors, in common council alfemhled, remitting or reducing such fine or fines, recognizance or recognizances, hut that they may have.and exercise such right and power as they usually have done, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And whereas many of the streets, lanes, and passages of the said city of Londonderry, and the suburbs thereof, are too narrow, by means whereof the health of the inhabitants of said city is injured, and the trade of the said city greatly obstructed; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the powers veiled by an act made in the thirty-full year of the reign of George the second, entitled, da ail for making a wide and convenient way, frect, and passage from Essex Bridge to the castle of Dublin, and for other purposes therein mentioned, together with the amendments of the fame, made by an act passed in the

thirty-

ft he thirtieth Year of George III. 267

thirty-third year of the reign of king George the feccnd, toge- A.D. ther with the several additional powers therein given, as also ail 179°-the powers veiled by an act made in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled.

An act for bitter regulating the folic: of the city of Waterford, shall and may be hereby vested in the said mayor, community, and citizens, and that all and singular the clauses contained therein respectively, except those clauses therein, whereby certain commissioners in the said act of the thirty-first of George the second named or appointed, and that elause wherein certain commissioners in the said act of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty named, arc appointed in the said city of Dublin and city of Waterford, iliall be in full force with respect to the said streets, lanes, and passages, and the lands, grounds, houses, and tenements in the said city of Londonderry and suburbs thereof.

XXXVIII. Provided always, That the said mayor, community, Mayer, he. and citizens, shall have no power or authority to lay out, delign, '. c. any ’ or widen any such street, way, passage or gate within the said

city and suburbs thereof, without a jury shall by their verdict ||">ri-«d i>y» first find and present that such way, llrect, passage, or gate isJ 1 ’ necessary to be widened, layed out, or designed, and for that purpose the mayor of the said city of Londonderry for the time being, shall issue a precept under his hand and leal of office to the sheriffs of the city and county of Londonderry, returnable in two days after the date thereof, who shall by virtue thereof impannel i"w 1?,hc

-_1 paanclkd.

and return a jury in the manner, for the purposes and with the powers directed and veiled in and by the said act of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth of his present Majesty.

XXXIX. And whereas the several streets, quays, alleys, lanes, yards, squares, foot-paths, and other places within the said city and suburbs of Londonderry are not properly paved, and it would greatly tend to the free intercourse, health, and safety of the several citizens and inhabitants thereof, and of all persons passing into and through the fame, if the said streets, quays, alleys, lanes, yards, squares, foot-paths, and other places were properly pitched, paved, or flagged; be it therefore enacted by the authority afcrc-

laid. That the said inavor, community, and citizens in common Maym, .‘ir. council assembled, shall. have lull power and authority, from tunc to time, to order and direct any of the puldick streets, quays, alleys, lanes, yards, squares, foot-paths, and other places now in being, or hereafter to be made within the said city and suburbs, any part or parts of such streets, quays, alleys, hues, yards,

X x x 2 squares.

Chap.

r:.iy iiaw

ptdvi!,

cdi rit*I into 01 out: (id ilrCCLs,*

aiui may employ work-

r.twii, &c.

may ttnpose ts:vs.

May raise ' gravel, &c.

ov, utr i.i

Ki"

owner aggrieved may appeal to quarter-fef-liur.ii;

«to n-waul fiiJi f»im< ns isaffclTcil I’)* a jmy.

The thirtieth 'Year of George III.

squares, and foct-patlis, as well tl.ofe used by foot paflengeis as those tiled by carriages, to be pitched, paved, flagged, raised or altered, and ilia! ally have full power and authority to caui'c to be deg, carted and carried on: of, cr brought into the said streers, quays., alleys, lanes, yards, ftpiarcs and foot-paths, or any other place or place within the said city, fulnirlis and liberties, Inch gravel, stones, flags, and other materials, as the said mayor, community, and citizens in common council alfemhled iltall judge necessary, and to contrail for, or employ such artificers, workmen, labourers, carters, and others, for the executing or compleating the fame, as the said mayor, community, and citizens shall judge necessary, and for defraying the charges and expences of paving, flagging, or repairing the said ftrccts, quays, alleys, lanes, yards, squares and foot-paths; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, community, and citizens in common council assembled, to impose and lay on all such rate or rates, tax or taxes, assessment or assessments, as shall be thought needful by the said mayor, community, and citizens, upon all and every the lands, houses, lliops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or tenements within the said city and fubnrbs, the said rates, taxes, and assessments, to be raised, levied, paid, and assessed in such manner as herein directed, for the lightening of the said city and suburbs.

XI. And to enable the said mayor, community, and citizens, to amend, repair, or make new all such pavements j be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the 1'aid mayor, community, and citizens, or any person or persons by them duly authorized and apnointed, to search for, dig, raise, and carry away gravel, sand, stones, flags, or other materials, lit and necessary for mending, repairing, making, paving and flagging the said streets, quays, alleys, lanes, squares, and foot-paths in the several grounds of any person where any such materials may be found, paying such rates for such materials to tire owners or occupiers of the ground from which the same shall be raised, gathered, and carried away, as the said mayor, community, and citizens shall award and judge reasonable; and in case any owner or occupier of such ground shall think himself injured or aggrieved by such award or adjudication, it shall be lawful for such owner or occupier of such ground to appeal therefrom to the justices of the quarter sessions for the city and liberties of Londonderry, who shall and are hereby empowered and required finally to determine such matter, and award such reasonable sums for damages to such owner or occupier of luck

The thirtieth Year of George III. 269

ground, from whence such materials shall be taken as shall be A.D. assessed by a jury at such i'efiions, upon the respective parties and 1790, ilieir council, and on examination on oath of any witness'es that liiall be produced by the parties on cither tide.

XLI. Y/hercas many encroachments arc made, and nuilhnces erected in the several ftrccts and lanes in the said city of Londonderry and suburbs thereof, to the great ar.noyance of the inhabitants thereof; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Af«r?^ from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand ;X,rS' seven hundred and ninety, it shall and may be lawful to and for the mayor and sheriffs of the said city of Londonderry for the r.iac«.ii time being, to remove all encroachments and miifunces in making doors or flairs of cellars projecting into the streets or lanes, by delivering an order in writing to the respective tenants and occupiers of the respective houses and cellars, letting forth and directing in what manner all such doors, flairs, and passages, that are encroachments or nuisances in such ftrccts or lanes, shall he altered, and in what manner let back, or to remove all encroachments or nuisances of shop windows, window Hunters, frames, pent-houses, flieds, or Handings in and upon such ftrccts or lanes, and in case the chief tenant or occupier of such cellars, and the w.cro.ii>i-

RK-|!tN -VC.

owners or occupiers of such lioules, lliops, and cellars, shall refuse n.t ..r<l

or neglect to comply with such directions of the mayor, or refuse to remove or cause to be removed all such encroachments and "i1"'

t &c. in:'V

nuisances, for the ipace of thirty-one days after such order as cause tu-m to aforesaid, in such case it shall and may be then lawful for the jXXX' mayor or sheriffs of the said city, to employ workmen, and to "XJiJ'V'uf alter, remove, or take away the fame, and to compel the said So«u tenants, occupiers, or owners to pay all the charges thereof, by distress and sale of their goods, to be levied by warrant under tire hand and seal of the said mayor.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, "f'

' ' 7 to hr placed

That all signs, lign-irons, pods, hoard?, spouts, or gutters already at ihu, mds, built, placed, or being in any of the said ftrccts or lanes in the 0>

said city or suburbs thereof, shall he iixed or placed on the (ides, ends, or fronts of such houses, fliops, warc-houses, or buildings respectively whereunto the same shall belong and not otlicrwilc, and that the water from the tops of all houses within the said 'i3*" fr"m

1 . the house tups

dty and suburbs thereof, fronting upon any ftrccts, lanes, all-.- J’S, to be c«>t>-or passages, shall be conveyed unto or near the ground by pipes F"

or trunks brought down by the fldcs, fronts, or ends of said houses, and if any person or persons shall at any time hereafter hang, if icrrafter erect, place or build any iign, sign-post, or iron-board, spout, or <-..n-Vol.XV. ‘ Yy, gutter

C!up. 31

£-c. nitty have llicm rtniove^l after 31 ii*-»ys notice* and di.tr^c owner ivxih exjicncc.

Petfotis ag-prievtd may

appenl-to , quaiicr-fef-

fio»a;

jury to he im-l>anncllcti;

if complaint found frivolous, appellant fined 5l. and full colts to jcfpcndent;

to he paid when levied to chamber* - bin.

Inhabitant from limes and before boon herein to cleanse font-way of-pafitc his front;

in default {iced is.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

gutter in any of the said streets or lanes of the fa'ul city, or caul'e the same to he done in any other manner than as aforesaid, that then it Anil and may he lawful to and for the mayor of said city for the time being, after thirty-one days notice given to the party offending as aforesaid, to employ workmen, and to alter, place and fix the said signs, hoards, spouts, or gutters, agreeable to the directions of this act, and to compel the owners of the same to pay all the charges attending the fame, by distress and sale of the offenders goods, to be levied by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor.

XLIII. Provided always, That if any person or persons shall apprehend themselves aggrieved by any such orders or directions as aforesaid, they may appeal to the justices of the peace in their next sessions to be held for the said city, and said justices are hereby empowered and required to hear and finally determine the fame, and to order the sheriffs of the said city at such sessions to impannel and return a jury immediately for the trial of the fame, and in case said jury shall by their verdict find lttch appeal to be frivolous or vexatious, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices to impose a fine not exceeding five pounds, on every such appellant, whose appeal shall be so found frivolous or vexatious as aforesaid, and to award full costs to the respondetlf, such fine to be levied by distress and sale of such appellant’s goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of tile said mayor, and to he paid when so levied to the chamberlain of the said city, and to be disposed of by the mayor, community, and citizens of the said city for the purposes aforesaid, and none other.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every occupier of any hottfe, tenement, liable, or yard, within the said city and suburbs, shall once in every day from the first day of May to the first day of October, before the hour of eight, and from the first day of October to the first day of April, before the hour of ten of the clock in the forenoon of each day, ferape, sweep, cleanse, or cause 10 be swept or cleansed the foot-way or street all along the front of their respective houses, tenements, stables, or yards, over or beyond the gutter or channel opposite thereto, or in default thereof shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one (lulling, the same to he levied and applied by the mayor of said city for the time being, in such manner as is herein before directed, with regard to the fine for a frivolous or vexatious appeal.

The thirtieth Year of George III. 2 71

XLV. And whereas great inconvenience aril'es to the public A.D.

from laying coal allies, horse clung, and other rnbbish in the '790-

streets, lanes, and alleys, and other places in the said city and

suburbs, to the great annoyance of the public; for remedy whereof,

be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after r,!,.

the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and

ninety, no person whatsoever carrying out of any heuse, yard, «">«i

cellar, court, lane, alley, or ether place whatsoever, any coal allies, '

horse dung, or any other kind of rubbish or dirt, shall attempt

to lay down the fame in any of the streets or liberties of the said

city, but shall have a cart ready at the door of said house, yard,

cellar, lane, or alley, to load said coal allies, horse dung, or

rubbish in, and that no person whatsoever shall be permitted to nibbish nor

load or carry away such coal allies, horse dung, rubbish, or any

dirt on any low-backed car, or otherwise than in a cart, under bllt,0 rart\

t 5 unucr penalty

the penalty of ten shillings sterling for every such offence, toofios.

be recovered and applied as other penalties herein before mentioned

are to be levied and applied.

XLVI. And whereas the said city of Londonderry wants a supply of fresh water, as well for the convenience as the health of the inhabitants thereof; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Miyor.s-c.

' JT12V tf.ttlcc re-

day of June, one thotifand seven hundred and ninety, it shall for and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, community, and "a"r "'*«-citizens of Londonderry, being the common council of the said city, and the person and persons to be by them appointed, from time to time, to enter into the several grounds of any person or persons within the liberties of the said city, houses, gardens, orchards, and yards excepted, and to dig, raise, and make one or more reservoir or reservoirs thereon, for the holding and containing fresh water, and to dig, cut, and carry any trench or trenches, a"1* mymnke water-course or water-courses from the said relervoir or refer- for c,nyiii voirs to any river or rivers adjacent, for the effectual conveying tl,c waIC'! water to the said reservoir or reservoirs, and also from time to *»;l may retime to enter upon the said grounds to repair the said reservoir 1 or reservoirs, water-course or water-courses, and also to dig and cut through said lands from the said reservoir or reservoirs, and to fix and lay pipes in and through the lame, and in and through all streets, lanes, ways, and passages in the said city and suburbs, for conducting and conveying the said water from the said reservoir or reservoirs to the several parts of the said city and suburbs, the said mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry always paying to the respective owners and Y y y 2 occupiers

272

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

occupiers of the said several grounds on which the said rcfor-:79c. voir or rcfervoirs, water-course or water-courses shall he lb made, Ci'S;). 31. ?JU[ ;n 2nj through which the said pipes shall be fn laid and ,1, carried as aforesaid, such rates or damages in calc the parties

J’j." j "I1 shall not amicably ad;nft the fame, as shall be adjudged reasonable: by a jury of freeholders of the said city and comity, to be im-

paimelled at lice nc:t assizes for the city and county of Londonderry for that ptnyefe, by the flierilTs of the said city and county, and whole vcrdlfl iha’il he taken before the judge or judges of assize for the said. city and county, and such jury to be returned by the said ihcrilf, under a warrant to be issued by the said

vnn-of the judge or judges, provided no person shall be on the said jury, who r

« c,i i,im shall be one 01 the common council ot laid city.

on die jury.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Perf.p.it .1,1. jy ally person shall break, throw' down, or destroy any

mngnij'w.iiL’r- J 1 /

com Ics, nr tli- trench or trendies, water-course or water-courses so to be made lined'"tcl.a U’ iu purfuauee of this act, or shall make any hole or holes through the said water-course or water-courses, or shall make any new trench or trenches from the said coiirfc or courlcs, to carry off or divert the water from the same, every person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill before the next going judges of assize for ipiiiication of t'nc laid city and county, one moiety thereof to be paid to the treasurer of the work-house of the said city for the use of the said work-house, and the other moiety to the person who will inform and luc for the same.

Mayor,r. c.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

fares of the That it shall and may be lawful for the mayor, community, profits from amj citizens of the said city, under the common seal of the said

icfcrvuirs to ' . r

freemen of city, to grant any share or lharcs, dividend or dividends of the vcMntiii's] profits arising from the said reservoirs, canals, trenches, water-hcreio; courses, pipes, and water, or any of them, to such freeman or freemen at large of the said city, and their executors, administrators, and assigns, and for such term for years as the mayor, community, and citizens of the said city, by their order or orders, shall appoint such freeman and freemen to whom such share or shares, dividend or dividends shall be so granted, covenanting for him and them, his and their heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, with the said mayor, community, and citizens, to pay a proportionable part of the expence attending the making, digging, cutting, repairing, and keeping in order the said reservoirs, canals, trenches, water-courses and pipes, and that it shall and may be lawful for the mayor, community, and citizens of the

The thirtieth Year o/~ George III.

ike said city of Londonderry, by act or acts of council, from time to time, to make such orders, regulations and by-laws, concerning the making, preferring, repairing or altering the said reservoirs, canals, trenches, water-courses, water, and pipes, with fitch penalties and forfeitures, for the breach of the said orders, regulations and by-laws, and to be recovered and applied in such manner as to the said mayor, community, and citizens dull! seem reasonable, and that such orders, regulations, and by-laws shall be of the fame force, and have the fame efficacy as if they were herein particularly set forth and enacted; and that it shall and may he lawful for the said mayor, community, and citizens, to agree with any person or persons seized or possessed of any ellate in fee or in tail, or for life or lives renewable for ever, or for any term for years, in the county of Donegal, at certain annual rent or rents, or otherwise, as shall be agreed on, to be paid by the said mayor, community, and citizens, and their successors, to such person or persons, his, her, or their heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, for liberty for ever, or for any number of years which shall he agreed on, to take up water from any river on the ellate or grounds of such person or persons, and to cut, make and dig canals, trenches, or water-ccurfcs for conveying the said water through the ellate or grounds of any of the said person or persons, and that any of the said person or persons, notwithstanding any disability by coverture, settlement, entail, or other expediment is ami are hereby empowered to grant and demise the aforesaid liberty to tile said mayor, community, and citizens, and their successors, provided, that in case any of tl'.e said ellates or grounds shall be in tenancy for any term of rears not exceeding sixty, that then and in every such case the rent so to he agreed upon by and between the said mayor, community, and citizens, and the said person or persons to whom the fee or freehold of the said estates or grounds shall rcfncflively belong, shall belong and he paid to the said respective tenants of the said ellates or grounds during the said respective terms, in proportion as the said canals, trenches, and rvater-courses shall go through the said tenants said lands.

XLIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action shall be brought or fliit commenced agaitifl any person or ersons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, or in relation to the premisses or any of them, such action or suit shall be laid or brought within six months next after the fast done, ar d shall be laid within the city of Londonderry, and not elsewhere, and the defendant or defendants in such action may

Vol. XV. Z, /. z plead

*/d A.D.

179°.

Chajx^t.

mayor, &c. maynvhe or-tifis ufjU'tV iii, the

paii in;:, £rc. said i efet voir?* with jn-ii.ikict on btcruh ot salt! orders;

by law of

foice as if enacted:

agreements ai Jictci.i may be made by mayor, &c.

if in tensnry not cxc-ttliaj Co yuri.

Action to be brouelit within 6

month' within tilt city;

274

A.D.

’790-Chap. 31.

dcfiMidant to have treble costs, if as herein.

'Quaymaf-trr to jttve tiiidce for Ihijr* to re-w.ove t.-,r

l-vl-l.

in ilic u\cr;

on ivfiif.il, nutter of l!t*p liueil -lOJ.

j«iaynia!ler j'i tv Tennnc llups on it-I’ufjl.

l ine rcco* \.icd in <t i.utitnaiy way.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

plead the general issue, and give this act: and the special matter in evidence at any trial to lie had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act, and if the same shall appear to have been done, or if such action or suit shall not he brought within the time before limited, or shall he brought in any other city, county, or place than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suited, or differ a difeon-tinuance of his, her, or their action or actions, or if a verdict: shall pal’s agalnlt the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the said defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants, hath or have for cods in other cases by law.

L. And whereas several laden diips coming into the said harbour and river, may want convenient births at tile several quays in the said city where light fiiips arc made fad, the maders or other persons having charge of which, may refuse to give way to such laden diips to discharge: and whereas also several fiiips may happen to moor or lie at anchor in the said. river, so as to obstruct the free navigation therein, be iftherefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the time aforesaid, the quay-mader may be authorized and required to give notice to any such ship or vessel lo refining to give place to any laden Clip, or obdriicting the free navigation of said river, to remove to some oilier convenient place without delay, and that the mador or other person having charge of any such ship or other vefil-l wiio shall refuse or neglect so to do, shall for every such offence forfeit any film not exceeding forty Oiillings; and that the said quay-mader may be further authorized and required upon every such refusal or neglect, to remove such ship or ships, vessel or vessels, to some convenient birth near the place where such ship or fiiips, vessel or vessels then lay, as they shall judge most proper.

J-f. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any sue:h penalty or penalties dial' and may, upon complaint being made before the mayor of the said city of Londonderry, lie recovered and levied in a summary way, from the respectlive maders or other persons having ciiarge of any ship or ships, vessel or vessels, offending in the premisses, by distress am! file of the offenders goods and chattles, on condemnation by the oaths of one or more wimefs or witnesses, by warrant under the hand and leal of the said mayor, to be applied

to

The thirtieth Year of George III. 275

to the fame purpose of the tonnage money herein before men- A.D. tioned. 179°'

LII. And whereas the improving and cleaiifing fa'id port, bar-hour, and river of Londonderry, will be of great use to a! ships which shall resort to the said port, and to all lighters, gabbards, and wherries plying within the same, and a great and continual expence will be required to accomplish and carry on the works necessary for improving and cleansing the fame; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the Mr.sten r,r passing of this act, the following rates and duties over and above fatcslu.Tm all sum and sums of money now payable, shall be paid at the "'’"'vIh^ -laid city of Londonderry, to such person or persons as the mayor, community, and citizens of the Laid city of Londonderry shall appoint to receive the same, by the master or owner of every ship or vessel coming into the port and harbour of Londonderry, that is to say, for every foreign ship or vessel, or such as shall not belong to any of his Majesty's subjects in Great Britain or Ireland, or to the plantations, those belonging to his most christian Majesty excepted, the sum of six pence for every ton of the burthen of such ship or vessel, and for every ship or vessel which shall belong to any of his Majesty's subjects in Great Britain or Ireland, or his Majesty's plantations, his Majesty's ships and vessels, those of the revenue, as also those laden with coals only, and coasters excepted, the film of three pence for every ton of the burthen of such ship or vessel on every voyage such ship or vessel shall make to the said harbour of Londonderry, and for every ship or vessel arriving in the said harbour laden 'with coals, and every coaster, that is to say, every ship or vessel coming and trading from any port of Ireland to Londonderry, the sum of two pence, for every ton of the burthen of such ship or vessels, arriving in ballad excepted; the said several and respective rates or duties to he paid on every voyage that any such ship or vessel as aforesaid shall make to the said harbour of Londonderry, which tonnage shall be computed by outward gauging of the said ships or vessels respectively, and not otherwise, and the quay-master for the time being, and all and every other officer and officers for that purpose to be appointed, is and are hereby empowered to make such outward gauge for every such ship or vessel as shall come into or go out of the said harbour, from time to time, as they shall have occasion.

LIII. And to the end that the said respective duties due and payable as aforesaid, may be more effectually paid and levied

Z z z 2 be

2~6 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D. 1t further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not 17'jo. lie lawful to and for the officers of his Majesty's custom house

i in said city, to clear and discharge any ship or ffiips outward

A.cmiiinii'lcr /1 0 ' 1 1

tupimlu_hound, or to permit any ship or Clips outward bound to fail, ’till (iitviiarj’c to the commander or mailer thereof shall have brought a discharge aaio n-iiourti from £'1C quay-tnafter of the said city, or other person appointed as aforesaid, testifying fitch Clip or Clips to have paid their said tonnage money, which discharge shall be immediately granted qn.1T matter without fee or reward, fraud, or delay, and in case of retulal ntuitng or or delay, that then the quay-mailer, or other person employed

siwititdiaige, for that purpose, so refilling or delaying, shall forfeit forty fiiil-itncti 40s. ]jngS for Every such refusal or delay, to the mailer of such Clip, to be recovered in a summary way, before the mayor of the said city for the time being, and to be levied by distress, on a warrant of the said mayor, and by sale of the goods and chattles of such quay-mailer, or other person so offending.

Money by

LIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the sum and films of money arising, grow-mip.uviiythe in}r due, or levied from time to time, by force and virtue of

nvc., He.

this act, incidental charges, salaries, and necessary expences in

collecting and levying the fame, being firlb paid and deducted, shall, from time to time, be employed in preserving and improving the river and harbour and quays of the said city.

Arablicafl.

LV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed a publick act, and shall be taken notice of as such, by all judges, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

CHAP. XXXII.

An Act for rendering the Transportation of Felons and Vagabonds more cafy.

PitimUc. "'SHS 7" WHEREAS under the laws now offeree for the trans-v V portation of felons and vagabonds under sentence, rule, or order of transportation, difficulties have occurred; in order therefore to render the transportation of such felons and vagabonds more cafy and effectual, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament

The thirtieth Year of George III. 277

liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it A.D. shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief 179°* governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to ciiiefgimT-cause all felons and vagabonds who now are, or shall he lul" der any sentence, rule, or order of transjjortation, to be tranl- uiuicr ported and conveyed to such part or parts beyond the seas, J‘otl and in such manner as the lord lieutenant or other chief tro-l)c

0 lo any part

vernor or governors for the time being, shall think proper, any beyond the Jaw or laws to the contrary thereof notwithstantling.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such expences as the Expence* lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors as aforesaid, «l by \vzr-shall judge to be necessary in providing for the transportarion ofranl* such felons and vagabonds, in pursuance of this act, and for the conveying of them to such part or parts as shall be appointed, and all other necessary expences incident thereto, shall be defrayed by warrant of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the time being, to the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury in this kingdom for the payment thereof.

CHAP. XXXIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, the Duty therein mentioned, to he paid to the Trustees of the Royal Exchange.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland, £*/w.

pray, it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until the twenty-iifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, one inclusive, there shall be granted, raised, collected, levied, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs airs successors, for and upon every entry inwards, which shall be made in the port of Dublin, during the time aforesaid, except poll entries, and entries of coals, a duty of one shilling, the said duty to be paid to the collector of the port of Dublin for the time being, who is hereby authorized and required to demand, take, and receive the same.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duty when raised, shall be paid by the said collector to thetrusteesof the Royal Exchange in the city of Dublin, to be by them applied towards discharging the debts by them contracted for building, furnishing, and repairing the fame*, and for the future repairs thereof, to be accounted for before the commissioners of imprest accounts.

4 A

C H A F.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

278

A.D.

jygo.'

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Act to continue an Act, Entitled, An Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of this Kingdom, to appoint Commissioners for enquiring into the several Funds and Revenues granted by public or private Donations for the Purposes of Education in this Kingdom, and into the State and Condition of all Schools in this Kingdom on public or charitable Foundations, and of the Funds appropriated for the Maintenance and Support thereof, and for the other Purposes herein mentioned.

'n

Ix/hu. T THERE AJ it is expedient that an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to enable the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom9to appoint commissioners for enquiring into the several funds and revenues granted by public or private donations for the purposes of education in this lingdomt and into the state and condition of all schools in this kingdom on public or charitable foundations, and of the funds appropriatedfor the maintenance and support thereof and fir the other purposes herein mentioned, should be continued for a limited time: be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act, and ail and every the clauses therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. XXXV.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for the better Execution of the Law, and Preservation of the Peace within Comities at Large.

Geo 3 \I7HF.REAS an act passed in the twenty-seventh year continued for of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, AnaBfor I5l.hr. the better execution of the law, and preservation of the peace within

end of the bounties at large, is near expiring, and it is expedient that the

then next fef- fame should be continued; be it therefore enacted by the king’s-

fl0"' most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present

parliament

The thirtieth Year of George III. 279

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the A.D. said act be continued for three years from the twenty-fifth day J79a of March in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and to the end of the then next session of parliament, and that all divisions of counties, and appointments of constables and barristers made pursuant to the said act, shall be, and be conftdcred as valid and effectual to all intents and ptirposes, as if the fame were made after the passing of this act.

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Act for enabling Trustees of Charitable Foundations to promote the Purposes and extend the Benefit of the same.

w

WHEREAS certain perpetual duties have been heretofore Preamble.-granted and appropriated by parliament for the better suppert and maintenance of charities and charitable foundations, and trustees have been incorporated for the government and advancement of such charities and charitable foundations, and on the credit of such duties money hath been borrowed at interest by such trustees, in order to enable them to extend such charities: and whereas it may tend to the advancement and further exten-fion of such charities if the trustees thereof were empowered to raise, in manner and at the rate of interest in this act mentioned, money sufficient to pay off such sums as have been borrowed on the credit of the said funds, and to enable them to extend such charities; be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be^’r[l'"'>f lawful for the trustees of any charity or charitable foundation, being a bully being a body corporate, and actually seized, possessed of, or by law entitled to any such duties as aforesaid, and their successors,'° d,lt;« for

J_iupport there*

on the credit of which any lum net Ids than live thousand of, on the

pounds hath been borrowed at interest, to raise and borrow by |efs

loan, on debentures, any sum or sums of money whatsoever, at 1 J00®1-

any rate of interest not exceeding the rate of four pounds per borjmvn),

centum per annum; provided that no sum to be borrowed by any such corporation be greater than a sum, the interest of which ’,cnlu,"

r 0 sum or sum*

at the rate aforesaid shall not exceed the net amount or pro-atintmilnot

At. e<ece(Ii;» 4 2 dwl'wt j.sr Ct,u

-2.8o The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

dues of such duties, exclusive of any other revenue certain or

1790. Chap. 36.

I’nterell oh sum hot rowed, not to exceed tict pio-duce of duties. Dtbrntiucs

under Teal of ctnporaiinii to be given to persons lending money

interdl to be .-paid half-yearly without fee or charge, until

cafttal.

II. And be it enacted, That any such corporation as aforesaid fit-all, for fuel) sum or sums as shall he so borrowed, give the person or persons par ing or lending the fame, one or more debenture or debentures under the common seal of such corporation, in such form of words as shall be thought proper, acknowledging the receipt of fuel: sum or sums, and entitling the person or persons lending the fame, his, her, or their executors, admini-ftnitors, or afiiyns, to such interest as aforesaid, to be paid by half-yearly payments, on every twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fifth day of December, without any fee or charge, until such time as they shall be respectively paid their principal money in one entire payment, and such debentures shall be numbered in

piineip.il p.a arithmetical progression.

meet;

III. And be it enacted, That every such corporation shall well

K numbeicd ani' truty Pa)') or cauf'e to he paid to the person or persons

antlimctl- lending such sum or firms, his, her, or their executors, admini-.call/.

All rates strators, or assigns, such interest as aforesaid, according to the

a.'!'! a'n fftattstenor of such debentures; and that all such rates and duties, and

f such cor a|| rea| freehold, and personal estate of which such corporation

poration* lia- 4

bic to pay- is or shall be seized, possessed of, or entitled to, mail be, and the

tcr"il,°ni!til f"ame are hereby made subject and liable to the payment of such interest until the principal money shall he paid as aforesaid, exit- c. which ’ cepting all estates, grants, or donations which have heretolore mayln«rur been, or shall hereafter be given to such corporations by any be given to private person or persons, and which are or shall be registered

such corpora- 1 r 1

tiotisby pti- within twelve months after the fame mall be given in the public whicfireor office for registering deeds in this kingdom.

shall be re-

IV. And be it enacted, That in case default shall be made by gillcrcil wall-

in 12 months any such corporation m payment of the interest to become due bfih/r^if- on any debenture to be issued in pursuance of this act, at any tcr’s office. time after one years interest shall be due, the treasurer of such

If in default ' , .0111

of corpora- corporation shall, from time to time, as often as it shall happen, Interest ihaHS on demand of the holder of any such debenture, at any time

be due* trca-fimrr shall, on demand of holder of debenture as herein, give to holder a certificate specilying intercJl due; treasurer oot complying, to forfeit for evety offence 2 col.

after ten days from the time such years interest shall be due, give to the person holding or producing the fame a certificate under his hand, specifying the amount of the interest due and unpaid on every such debenture; and if any such treasurer shall not on such demand give such certificate to the person requiring the fame, he shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin,

by The thirtieth Year of George III.

by any person who shall sue for the same, with full colls of suit, in which no privilege, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, and such treasurer shall for ever after be incapable of holding or enjoying the place of treasurer to such or any other corporation.

V. And be it enacted, That the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver, or paymaftc-r-general of this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, (o often as any debenture, the interest due on which shall be so unpaid, together with such certificate as aforesaid, shall he produced to him or them, shall, out of any monies in his or their hands, subject to the payment of the interest of principal films due by debentures or treasury hills ifllied by the officers of his Majesty's treasury, on demand of the person producing any such debenture and certificate as aforesaid, well and truly pay to every such person the interest so certified to be due on every such debenture, and he or they Audi he allowed on his or their accounts so much.

VI. And be it enacted, That his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall he reprized; and shall recover and receive out of the funds arising, or any real freehold or personal estate belonging to any such corporation, so much money as shall be so paid by the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, or other officers of his Majesty's treasury, in discharge of any interest to grow due on any such debentures, excepting such estates, grants, or donations, as have heretofore been, or shall hereafter be given to such corporations by any private person or persons, and which are or shall be registered within twelve months after the fame were given in the public office for registering deeds in this kingdom, and from thenceforth so much of the funds of such corporation, not arising out of such estates, grants, or donations as aforesaid, as shall be equal to an interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for such principal sums on which any interest shall at any time or times have been so paid by the said officers of the treasury, shall stand veiled in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall he paid into his Majesty's treasury, as a fund for the discharge of the future interest of such principal sums on which any interest shall have been so paid by such officers of the treasury.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no money shall he borrowed in pursuance of this act by any corporation, not fub-jc:l to the payment of an higher rate of interest than four per centum, for money now unpaid which had been borrowed on the duties granted to such corporation.

Vol. XV. 4 B

281

A.D.

typo. Chap. 36.

anil rendered inenph’e, &c.

Vice-Trcft-ftirtr, ive. when such debenture and certificate produced, to pay such in-ten'll, &c. as herein.

His Majesty, &c. U recover out of funds, See. belonging to such cut punt-tion, so much us Hu I! be so paid by vice* treasurer, except as herein

so much of the funds as , herein, to be veiled in his Majesty, &c. as a fund for payment of intend at $ pi 1 cent, on principal Turns as herein.

No money

to be Imr-

miwd in pur-ht&nce of this act, except as herein.

282

A.D. 1790.

All fiims bonov. tj In

pursuance «»f this act, to be applied to* wards dif-cliaipr of fc-cmines for monies now due, before any other application.

Recital 29 Geo. 3.

every fub-fciiber or undertaker for catrying on the respefUvc

mvip 'tions, £vc. who h;nc bein incoipo* rated since parting ut laid ait;

and every subscriber, etc. tvti.uhaty be incut inflated on or bcfoic 25 Dec. 179.3. inverted th all pov.\is, «vc. asheicin;

The thirtieth Year of George III.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all such sum or sums as shall be borrowed in pursuance of this act, shall in the first place be applied towards the discharge of such security or securities as have been given for the monies now due, before the same shall be applicable to any other purpose whatever.

CHAP. XXXVII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Tvsaity-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for the Pi emotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation.

WH K REAS by an nd palfed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of Ids present Majesty, entitled, An act for the promotion ami encouragement of inland navigation, certain benefits, powers, privileges, and advantages are veiled in certain bodies corporate therein mentioned, who were such at the time of passing the said act, and it is just and equitable that such of the subscribers and undertakers in the said act mentioned, as were not at the time of passing the said act bodies corporate, but have been since incorporated, or shall be incorporated within a reasonable time, Until be entitled to, and have and receive the like benefits as bodies corporate, who were such at the time of passing the said recited act: be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every subseriher or subscribers, and undertaker or undertakers for carrying on and completing the several and respective navigations and works in the said act mentioned, pursuant to their respective petitions to the house of commons in the said act mentioned, who have been incorporated since the parting of the said recited act; and also all and every Inch subseriher or subscribers, and undertaker or undertakers, who shall he incorporated on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, he, and are hereby inverted with, and shall hold and enjoy all and even- the like benefits, powers, privileges, advantages, and authorities in all things as are by the said act granted to or veiled in bodies corpm-' X, who were such at the time of passing the said recited act, provided the said subscribers and undertakers, who have

The thirtieth Year of George I'll.

283

have been or shall be so incorporated, do deposite with the gover- A.D.

nor and company of the bank of Ireland (who are hereby required 179a

to receive the same) one-tenth part of their respective subseripti-

ons, or government (ccurities for such tenth part, within ctgh- fiibfcribas to

teen months, to be computed from the twenty-fourth day of

tunc, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, in manner as luhscription

*" > 1. iu national

diredUd by the said recital act with relpea to bodies corporate, bank, or go-who were such at the time of patting the fame. curin'"fiw’

II. Provided ahvavs, That nothing in this act contained shall

i>e conllrued to extend to exempt any subscribers and undertakers, m,mtlisfrom who have been or shall be so incorporated, from the observance of any conditions, rules, or directions in the said act prescribed, s|with respect to any subscribers and undertakers who were incor- &c. ,ot ’ porated at the time of passing the said act, in order to entitle them 2',^" to receive such debentures as are by the said act to be given to conditions, such subscribers and undertakers. Save only as to the advantage rJVc us to ibc by this act given) with respect to making deposits in the bank of Ireland of one-tenth part of their respective subscriptions or go- politci in the

bank, 6.C.

vernment fecuntics.

III. And be it enacted, That any subscribers and undertakers, Snbrcribers, who are or shall be incorporated by virtue of this act, or of the said act passed in the twenty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, to be shall be allowed by the commissioners of imprest- accounts, as part con'miffiourn of the expenditure, which is to entitle fitch subscribers and un- Sl>

dertakers to the debentures authorized by the said act, to be issued putt <,r t«-upon the terms therein mentioned, the expences of procuring arenas and patting this and the said act, and of any other act relating to any other navigation or canal, in which such subscribers and un- udy re-dertakers rcfjieclivtly are or may be concerned.or interested, and wljfafon U also of their respective charters of incorporation; any law to the

contrary notwithstanding. concerned,

IV. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no company ti.dr ufpre-of undertakers of canals, or any other person or persons, shall be empowered to build any cabhius or houses on trackways, ti-purelufed or procured for the purpose of canal or trackway, Pa,iy ofuu-l'ave only necclf.try lock-houses, market-houses, ami store-houses; others'"^'* and that if any building shall hereafter be erected, except as afore- Cll'(pu')'r' said, said building or buildings shall be pulled down as nuisances cabblns or and encroachments upon turnpike roads. trackways

V. And be it further enacted, That when any buildings allowed as aforesaid to be erected shall ccafe to be applied to the nwpt as uses and purposes aforesaid, that then, and in that case, they ^,.1-

4 H

ay

284 STlta thirtieth Fear of George III.

A.D.

may be presented as nuisances, provided the fame be nearer than 179°- twenty-eight yards of the centre of the trackway of the said wiitti canals.

buildings allowed as a* foresaid, shall cease to be

C. I-I A P. XXXVIII.

applied 10 ulesafortfftidf they may be

An Act to repeal an Act pafiitd in the Twenty-fifth Year of be Hearer than ^lc Reign of hlis late Majesty King George the Second,

2S yards of Entitled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the centre of j 1 a o /

trackway. the Town of Clonmell in the County of Tipperary, through the Towns of Feathard and Killinall in the said County,

to the Town of Hurlingford in the County of Kilkenny.

Recital \\ J WHEREAS an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of i;Geu. 2. Vt the reign of his late Majesty king George the second, entitled, An act for repairing the road leading from the town of Clonmell in the county of Tipperary, through the towns of Feathard and Killinall in the said county, to the town of Hurlingford in the county of Kilkenny, has been found insufficient for keeping the said road in repair; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, hv and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, the said act be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made null and void to all intents and purposes.

From 1 F.b.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, shal) in ^repealed. any wife prevent the operation of the said act, until the lirft of February, which will be in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, but the same shall continue in force until the said lirft of February, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and no longer.

CHAP.

Thq thirtieth Year of George III. CHAP. XXXIX.

285. A.D.

179°.

jfn Alt for the Improvement of the Port and Harbour of Drogheda, and the belter Regulation of the Police of said Town.

WHEREAS the improvement of the port, harbour, and river of Drogheda, will contribute to the advancement of the trade of said town, and be of great use to all ships which shall resort to the said port, and a great and continual expence will be incurred to accomplish and carry on the works necessary for improving and cleansing the fame; be it therefore enacted hv the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety, for and during the term of twelve years from thence next ensuing, the following rates and duties shall be paid by the mailer or owner of every drip and vessel entering the port of Drogheda, that is to say, for every ship or vessel entering the said port, the sum of six pence for every ton of the burthen of such ship or vessel, except the ships and Vessels belonging to Ills Majesty, and those of the revenue, and all coasters or coasting vessels, and also all ships and vessels belonging to the subjects of his moll christian hi jesty, which shall enter or arrive in the said port, and for e-iiy coaster or ship, or vessel entering the said port from any oilier port in this kingdom, the sum of three pence for every ton 1! the burthen of such coaster or vessel.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be cot'.ftt ued to extend to impoi'e any duty on any ship or vessel entering the said port with bailaft only.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said rates and duties Hull be paid to the collector of his Majesty's revenue for the time being, in the port of Drogheda, who is hereby authorized and required to demand, take, and receive the same, and is hereby authorized and empowered to deduct, and detain as a compensation for his trouble in receiving the fame, any sum or sums of money not exceeding six pence for every pound sterling, which shall be so received.

Voi- XV. 4 C

[Preamble.]

l*or izyeatS from 25 Mar. 1790, the fallowing Unties to be paid;

6U. per ton on every ship or vessel, ccpt vessels belonging to his Majesty, to levrnuc coatteis, am! coatliii£ vi I. fels

and all ships. &c. belonging to the futyects ot‘ his moil Chrillrao Ma jdly

coatters fun:* any other pi*:', in this kingdom, 3d. per ton.

Not to extend to veff«H entering with balla/l only.

Said duties to be paid to port collector;

6d. per pound may be deducted for trouble in ic-ceiving.

286 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D. 1V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 179®' the said rates and duties when received, shall be paid under the Chappy

regulations and conditions herein after mentioned by the said Application collector to the commissioners who Audi be appointed and chosen ofdutK). from time to time pursuant to this act for carrying the fame into execution, to be applied by them after defraying the expence of obtaining this act, and paying the fabrics of ollicers in improving and cleanlirg the liver and harbour of the said town from the bridge of the said town to the fca, and rendering tile fame lafe and convenient for the thips and vessels relorting thereto, and in preserving and maintaining any works which now are, or may he hereafter erected for any of the above purposes, and to no other use or purpose whatsoever.

It Tn", E(nr *,e ll,rI*ier enacted by the authority aforesaid, That to be alter- the tonage of ail fiiins or vessel belonging to Britishi subjects uf'r" "bich shall he liable to the payment of the aforesaid rates and si|lry- duties, shall he taken ami ascertained by the number of tons which are dated and let forth in the certificate of the reciftry of such ship or vefll-i, pursuant to an act of t!ic twenry-fevewk of his present Majesty, to be the burthen of fitch ship or vessel. Tonapcof

VI. And be it further enacted hv the anthoiity aforesaid, That &c'Tob'5’ the tonage of all foreign ships and vessels liable by this act to ounvard*1 the payment of the aforesaid rates and duties, shall be computed; gaugingj by the outward gauging of the said Alips and vessels respectively, persons to be and not otherwise, and the person or persons for that purpose lo'make such ^,e appointed by the commissioners, nominated and chosen sa"S'- under the authority of this act, are hereby empowered to make such outward gauge of every such foreign ship or vclfd as iii tll enter the port or harbour of said town, from time to time, as they shall see occasion.

VII. And to the end that the said rates and duties may lie effectually levied and paid; be it further enacted by the auth.o-Veflcts not rity aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the officers of his out.'or'pti- Majesty's custom-house in the port of Drogheda to clear out or 'mtll'lluUcs'1’ discharge any ship or ships, vessel or vessels, outward bound, or raid. to permit any ship or ships, vessel or vessels, outward Imumi, to fail, until the mailer or owner thereof shall have paid and cleared to the coiieftor all such rates and duties as i re payable by virtue of this act for such ship or ships, vessel or vefless.

Conmi'lu-

VIII. And in order to put this act more effectualiv and im-ckofaktin- mediately into execution; be it further enacted by the amhority pmvered to aforesaid, That the commissioners to be cholen and u.oninted

iiUlfH U‘tJ J 1

raies au J do-from time to time to carry this act into execution, or any uin.- or

The thirtieth Year of George III.

287

more of them, are hereby empowered from time to time, and A.D.

at all times, as to them shall seem convenient, by writing under __ [79°-

their respective hands, and their common seal, to assign over the said rates and duties, or any part or parts thereof imposed and or any part

made payable by virtue of this act, for any time or times during jtyUm/0r

the continuance of this act, as a security for any sum or films ,li;r"!s lire

/ m continuance

of money by them to be borrowed, not exceeding in the whole of this act, the sum of fifteen hundred pounds to such person or persons, or rumVto'lie^0' their trustees, who iltall advance and lend the fame, in order to hunowttl,

not exceeding

tccurc the re-payment thereof, with lawful interclt, or leis if the 1500l.

fame can lie had, which said money so to lie borrowed, shall he "shS*1’

applied and disposed of as the said rates and duties are directed mone>'lwr"

» 1 1 , rowed, to be

by this act to tie applied and disposed of, and to no other pur-applied as

said rates, &c.

pole wlulioever. arediicftctl.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Perronit# the mayor and recorder of Drogheda, the representatives in par- becommilR-liament for the time being for the said town, also the represen- purposes here-tatives in parliament for the time being for the counties of Meath Uli

and Louth, and fix aldermen, and (even members c-f the common council of the corporation of said town, shall be, and they are hereby appointed commissioners for improving and cleansing the river and harbour of said town, from the bridge of said town to the sea, for preserving and maintaining all works which are or may be erected for the improvement of ("aid harbour or river in proper and constant repair, and for putting in execution all other powers in and by this act given and granted, and all and all powers, every the powers, authorities, directions, mutters, and things by cunnlii'Konus this act eiven to or directed to be done and executed by or he- Xn- lills aa*

o J may be cut*

fore the said commissioners, shall and may he exercised, had, cifeJbj auy and done by or before any (even or more of them, except where u,<e'In"u"! (bine other number is appointed by this act; and all (itch acts, except where matters, and things shall be of as full force and effect as if done and executed by or before all the said commissioners. appointed.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That within 1

v.ithin one calendar month after the passing of this act, the "*"r mayor, sheriffs, burgesses, and commons of said town, shall cleft 6 alder-and appoint iix aldermen, and (even members of the common ’

council of the corporation of the said town, to he, together with the mayor and recorder, and the representatives in parliament for tonin.inijr-the said town for the time being, and also the representatives in U>’ <'t‘ parliament for the time being for the counties of Meath and Louth, commissioners for carrying into execution the said act, ami all the powers given and granted by the fame; which said 4 C 2 twenty-

288

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

twenty-one persons shall be veiled with all the aforesaid powers, 1790. as fully and effectually as if their names were herein specially fct Chap. 39. fonh and inserted.

When any

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, men orttm'- That when and as often as any of the said fix aldermen, or mnn council- feveu members of the common council, shall happen to die, or

men shall die . "

or rdign, or relign, or refine or neglect to act and attend the meetings of

gtesstoVa f*id commissioners for the space of six months at any one time,

a"e'"afor or become a repiefentative of said town, or be defied treasurer

fi monfl)!,or under and by virtue of the powers given by this act, then, and

repr'fcttmlre in such case, the mayor, fiieriffs, burgesses, and commons of said

or treasucer; town, shall, within twenty-one days from the time such vacancy

jj*1 shall happen, elect and appoint an alderman, or member of the

days after to common council, as the case shall require, in the room of such

derma"or" alderman, or member of the common council, who shall so happen

common to or r(.f,p-n ov refute or nee-left to afi and attend the meet-council man 1 0 ’ 0

in fits room, ings of the enmmissioners, or shall have become a representative, or be defied treasurer.

Nut to pro-

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be

cud to dec- [awful for the said mayor, sherifls, burgesses, and commons, to non> unless '

notice, signed proceed to the election and appointment of any person as a com-bepnfted^n nl>fl>oner to carry into execution this afi, unless a notice in writ-djdftj 7 <fiy» ing of the time and place of meeting for the purpose of such clefiion, signed by the treasurer appointed by the commissioners, shall be affixed on the tholfel of said town, it lead leven days before such clefiion.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be capable of afiing as a commissioner in the execution of this afi, unless he shall take and subscribe the following oath or affirmation, which the mayor of Drogheda for the time being is hereby empowered to administer.

Oath to be taken by very commifli-«acr.

I A.B. do solemnly promise and swear, that I will faithfully and impartially, according to the best of my full and knowledge, execute the funeral powers and truss committed to me, in and by an aS of parliament now in force in this kingdom, entitled, An act for improving the port and harbour of Drogheda, and the better regulation of the police of said town, without favour of affcRion, prejudice or malice.

So help me God.

Town I'lcik

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the nJmSnifter1 ,l> town clerk of the said town of Drogheda shall, and he is hereby &"1 UJth- authorized

The thirtieth Year of George III. 280

authorized and empowered to administer the above oath to the A. I), present mayor, and all Aiccccding chief magifl rates of said town. ’790'

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, Mn-tincs front time to time, when and as often as they shall think necessary tie

and expedient, by luminous, signed by their treasurer, to he left Jl'5 at the ufttal place of abode of each and every the said commis- a,nd " sioners, to convene meetings, to he held at the tholfel of the said {.deni on town; and that it shall and may he lawful to and for the said commi/noners at (udi rdpedive meetings, anti there only, to give there only, and sign orders on the treasurer for the payment of all sums of jeij oniy money which they shall find and judge necessary for carrying"'^"'®' this a cl into execr.rinn, by which orders only the treasurer shall be p"y mm/tys authorized and empowered to pay any turn or sums of money traf,m.r, d whatsoever, and to cleft a lit and proper person to act as treasurer to the said commissioners, and another person to gauge ailtl alcci- and to rlla-

n-, ,. , blifll a fala.f

tarn the tonage ot ail lurcign ships and ydlels ltaole to the pay- for lati imminent of the rates ami duties imposed hv this act, and to establiflt

a Hilary or allowance to l;e paid to the said last mentioned per-""'"C ml.

- J . 1 -nil per annum;

ions, not exceeding ten pounds per annum; and also it shall and .~

0 7 # commtlfiomrc

may lie lawful to and for the said commissioners, from lime to may remove time, when it shall appear to them that either or both of the said ofbi.i'j.r'i'1' persons shall have been guilty of any neglect or misconduct, to fu"s ,s k>"'

1 0 7 7 K % of neglect or

remove either or both of them, and to appoint others in the room rmtci.mlurt. ami Head of fuelt as shall be lb removed, or shall decline to act, oX'iv""1 or die.

XVI. Am! to the end that all and every the sum 3nd Aims of money which shall arise, grow due, and he iewied, from time to

time, by force and virtue of this act, or may be borrowed pur- yrartolay (uant thereto, may be properly and clicdually applied to the pur- mifliuncrepr poles of this act; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That rap'c11 M-

3 J s ’ counts, an ao*

the eoinmissioners appointed by this act shall once in every year, coma mall lay before the commissioners of imprest accounts a true and pern-fed account of ail ami every Alin and Aims of money which shall ! he received, levied, and borrowed r. aforesaid, within the year immediately preceding the furnishing of fuelt account, and also toi» lignui how, and in what particular manner the same shall have been applied, which account lo furnished shall he ligned by at lead *"i leven of the said commissioners, and the treasurer.

XVII. And be it iurther enacted by the authority aforesaid, /M'icr i <yur That the said commissioners Audi after the expiration of one

year, to be computed from the twenty-fifth day of March, one ",^"'1"^'" thousand seven hundred and ninety, annually lodge and deposite all;- a-iili ml-

- lititur of i he

\ OL. 2\ V

4d

with

port a artlfi-catt ligned by

Chap 39.

commiflmncts ofimprrll accounts, Rating, that they have accounted Tor all ftima receive*], &c.

if certificate he not lodged

wtili collector within 8 months after each year) collector not to pay any Aims to cotn-mi(fionci»{

films to he kept untilctr* tificate dial) he lodged, except rums tieccHaiy to pay interest of money borrowed.

If am* of said cornmif-lionert fiyn any order for

money, to be applied other* wife limit to the improve* mail and cleanfnijj river, &c. and prifcving works,

and defiayinjr expences of this a cl, ami fabrics of officers

each commis-from-r to for* fc« the sum om: inctl therein, to any pa fou suing for the fame within y years.

Book? to

lx kipl IS

hncfn

The thirtieth Year of George III.

with the collector of the port of Drogheda, a certificate signed by the commissioners of imprest accounts, which certificate the said lad mentioned commissioners are hereby authorized and required to grant, without fee or reward, Hating, that the said commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this act have truly and justly accounted in the manner above mentioned, for all and every sum or sums of money received, levied, or borrowed purliiant to this act, within the year immediately preceding the furnishing of such accounts as are above directed and required; and in case that eight months shall clap.fe after the expiration of the said first year, or any subsequent year during the continuance of this act, without such certificate being lodged and disposed with the said collector, it shall not he lawful lor the said collector to pay to the said commissioners appointed by this act any sum or linns received by virtue of this act, hut he is hereby required and directed to keep and retain all Inch sums of money so received, until the reuiiicate required by this act shall he lodged and

deposited

him by the said eotnmifficoeis, lave and except

such sum or sums of money as may from time to time be necessitry to pay the interefi of any money borrowed purliiant to this act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th it in calc any of the said commissioners shall lign any order to the treasurer to pay any sum or films of the money so raised and levied as aloreb.id, to be applied to any other purpose hut to the improvement and cleansing the river and harbour of said town, and preserving and maintaining the works that now are, or which mav he hereafter erected for laid purposes, and for defraying the expences of obtaining this act, and for the mccflary salaries of officers, each and every commissioner who shall lign such order, shall forfeit the sum contained in, dr made payable by Inch order, to such person or persons who shall sue for the same, in any c-f his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, at any time or times within live years after the date of such order, wherein no efioigt), protection, or wager of law, shall he allowed, and only one imparlance.

XIX. And be it further rnnfted by the authority aforesaid, That the said conuniffiuners shall cause hooks to he provided and kept, and ft-sit. i- her by tlieinfetves or their treasurer, cauie fair and rtgubir ..iitiics to i e made in such books of the several meetings, and names of ti.e commissioners attending such meetings, and of the nett innlirm of all rfficers, and of all acts, ciders, and proceeding? te’.'.iive to the execution of this a£., and cl all

orders

The thirtieth Year of George I'll.

orders for the payment or expenditure of all sum or sums of money raised and levied by virtue of this act, and the commissioners present and concurring in such orders and proceedings, together with their treasurer, shall subscribe their names at the end of the proceedings of every such meeting, and all entries of such books, being f.gned as aforesaid, shall be deemed originals, and shall be admitted to be read in evidence in all causes, suits,

and actions, touching any tiling to be done in pursuance and by virtue of this act, and such books shall he, as well as the calli accounts of the receipts and payments by the treasurer, kept by the treasurer to the said commissioners, and shall at every such meeting, and all other reasonable times, be open to the inspection of the said commissioners, of all persons any wife affected by this ail, and to a general assembly, or to a committee of a general alfembiy of the corporation of ("aid town.

XX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any person appointed treasurer to act as a commidioner for carrying the purposes of this act into execution, hut from the time that any commissioner shall be appointed trea-liircr he shall ceal'c to act, or to exercise any power or authority as a commidioner under this act.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall not be lawful to demand or levy any of the rates or duties, for the purpose of improving or cleansing the harbour of said town, save and except the duties grained by this act, to the payment of which ships or vefleis entering the port of said town are liable, by virtue of an act passed in the third year of the reign of his late Majesty George the fceonj, entitled. Ail a3 far dcanfng the ports, harbours, and rivers if the city of Cork, and the towns of Galway,

Sligo, Drogheda, and lidfajl, and for ending a ballaf-rrjfce in the said city, and each of the said towns.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Tin's act,

act, as far as relates to the levying and collecting the aforesaid relates to duties of tonage on ships, shall he in force twelve years, from the ^’rel^<lbc?n twenty-fifth day of March next, and no longer. lorcc i j years

XXIII. Whereas the court of confidence, held before the mayor 1790. of the town, and county of the town of Drogheda, for determining cattles in all (mail debts between party and party, under

the value of ten shillings, has been of grejt use, and will be of (HI! greater advantage to the inhabitants, if the jurisdiction of laid court lie extended to the determinatim of causes in all small debts between party and party, under li.c value of twenty-three 4 D 2 shillings;

291

A.D. 1790.

Chappy

all entries in such books, ligned !>> commissioners and treasurer, deemed originals, and admitted i» e\ identic|books, So. to be kept by

treasurer, and lobe open to the infpre-tion of commissioners, and others, and to a general assembly, or commit lie uf corporation of

town.

Treasurer not to all as cotmnissioner.

No duties for imp-ovinjj the haibolir, &c. to be demanded. except duties granted by this act, to which fliipx. (;c. were liable by jG.*

292

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

shillings; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 1790. th; mayor of said town, and county of the town of Drogheda, shall for ever hereafter have full power and authority to hear Mayor, for and finally determine cattles in all final] debts between party and Party> wider l',c value of twenty-three shillings; and shall for to Umrmut ever hereafter have and cscrcifc all the powers, authorities, and <kl>ts unilcr juril'diflions, which the mayor of laid town, and county of the exerdfeall0 town, hath heretofore h:id and exercised in the said court of antlioriiK', confidence.

the mayor

XXIV. And l:e it finther ent.fled by the authoiitv aforesaid, haHtfcmirt That every person who shall fell, or expole to sale, within said ofconkimee. town of Drogheda, anil the liberties thereof, any bread tiefieient Evcrypcr- in weight, according to the afitze of bread preferilxd by an a el brnddcfici- PaTed in this kingdom, in the fir (I year of Ids late Majesty king ent in wt. ns George the fccciul, entitled, /In act for rczidnting the price and

prcIWibeil by 6 ’ J . ° r

1 G 2 to ajpac of bread and lie markets, shall, upon conviction thereof, ac-

a^le"If<Irtl|l cording to the methods prderibed by laid act, be punished in by (aidact. such manner, and under filth penalties, regulations, and allowances, as are set forth in laid ad, in cases where bread is deficient in weight.

From 25

XXV. And be it further ctiafted by the authority aforesaid, Mm. 171)0. 1

every baker That every common baker w ho shall make or bake (or sale, or

ed on every an)’ "'a)’ expnfe to lale, any for' of bread whatsoever within laid

loaf exposed town or the liberties thereof, shall, from and after the twenty-

to lair, lie ’ ..... '

fori and price, fifth day of March next eitltiing, fairly imprint or mark, or cause

oiilcicd by*' to be lairly imprinted or marked, on every loaf so by him or

mayor; sler ma(je alu] CXpoIed to sale, the fort and price of such loaf,

or any other mark which shall he ap.pc.inted by the mayor of said

town for the time being, by order in writing under his hand,

mayor to and that the said mayor of laid town lor the time being, shall

from^miMo *,avc ^'dl power and authority, from time to time, by like order

time, by or- in writing, to limit, appoint, and direct bow and in what man-tier in writ-

ing, to diidt ner each lort of bread shall be marked, for knowing the baker, liiab be murk- maker, price, and fort thereof, and to make and set down any nl.Sc. at other reason.ihlc tides and orders lor the better regulating the

herein.

myucry oi making bread, and the several lorts thereof that shall be baked by the respefUve bakers within the liberties of said town,

and county of the town of Drogheda.

Ai at! lims

XXVI. And licit further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

lr.nn 25 War. That it dull and may be lawful to and for the mayor of said

mij°cnio'in tc"'n> ;:t hues hereafter, from the twenty-fifth day of Match

the day ila.e, next enluilig, in the day time; to enter into any house, l’nop,

kerUiuuiic. Hail, bake-house, ware-hude, or cut-in ule, of or belonging to

or filler

any

The thirtieth Year of George III.

293

any baker or feller of bread within said town, or the liberties A.D. thereof, there to search for, view, weigh, or try all or any the 179°-

bread of such persons, or which shall be there found; and if any bread shall be there found wanting either in the goodness of the of bread, to fluff whereof the same shall be made, or be deficient in the due 4c' baking or working thereof, or shall be wanting in the due weight, If wantinj In or shall not be truly marked according to the regulations made in^mwet^tj in pursuance of this act, or shall be of any other fort than shall be allowed by virtue of this act, or by regulations made in pursuance thereof, that then, and in every such case, the said mayor for Mhan'al-is hereby authorized and required to take and l'eize the said bread br aa> so found, and cause the same to he forthwith given and distributed to the poor of the parish where such seizure shall be made, be seized and or to the prisoners in the gaols, at his discretion; and if any baker, or feller of bread, or other person or persons, shall not the parish, or permit or suffer search or seizure to be made, or shall oppose, hinder, or resist the fame, he (he, or they so offending, shall for shall^uot every such offence forfeit the sum of forty shillings to the infer- pc'1 fcarth

r 1 1 or seizure,4-C.

mer or informers, to be had and recovered upon conviction, by the confession of the party, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, bef ore the mayor of said town, or Ik recovered any other justice of the peace for said town and county, and to way, be levied by distrel’s and sale of the goods and chattles of every such offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor, or such other justice of the peace, rendering the overplus, if any there be, the said forfeitures to be given to the informer or informers.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Vestrfeiof That the vestrics of the parishes of faint Peter and faint Mary,

in the said town of Droii

J’cter anti

litda, to be held on any day in the month St- Marir

111 may, on any of August, m every year, may, and they are hereby empowered, day in the

if they think fit, to present such sum or sums of money as they AngJnevriy

shall judge necessary, to he raised on the inhabitants of said j!'ar<

parishes respectively, who reside in the said town, or any part in i

of the suburbs thereof, for die paving, gravelling, and cleansing

the so rend streets and lanes in the said town and suburbs, and for providing, eroding, lighting, maintaining, and repairing lamps

to enlighten the said streets ..ml lanes, and also to appoint pro-

per persons to applot and levy sum or sums so prefemed by plot and ley

the said vestries, and to allow the said persons any sum not exceeding twelve pence, for each pound so apploiled and levied,

for their trouble in applotting and lev, ;ng the fame, and to appoint ,i«t. inibr/.

_ '’/*i , r! tfOU*

proper persons to be directors or oveik-ors for the expenditure of bi.;

vol. xv. 4e

2()4 jT/if thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

the money To presented, who shall be obliged to account on oath

179°* to the vestries of each parish for the fame, and to allow the said

who most nc- persons any sum not exceeding two shillings, for each day every

-Xr1' ^uc^‘ director or overseer shall be necessarily employed in directing

and to allow or overseeing such work; provided that no person shall have a

cte'lTtig 2a.d a right to vote at any such vestry, until he shall have first taken

the following oath, if thereto required by any parishoner, which

rtaor is cm- oath the minister or curate of each parish is hereby empowered to

no person to administer. vote at vcllry until he has

taken the fol- 7 A.B. do swear or affirm (as the case maybe) that 1 am an Oath. house-holder in this purish, and that I live within the town or fuburhs of Drogheda, (as the case may be) and that I am worth one hundred pounds, over and above all the debts I owe, and that I am not a tenant at will for the house I live in.

So help me God.

A public act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall he deemed, adjudged, and taken as a public act, and shall he judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without tpccially pleading the same.

C. H A P. XL.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Tvccnty-tlinth Year of His Majesty's Deign, Entitled, An Act for the Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation, so far only as respects the Navigation of the Boyne.

Recital 29 TIT II EREAS by an act of parliament passed in the twenty-'3‘ v'.T ninth year of Lis present Majesty's reign, entitled, Hn alt

far the promotion and encouragement of inland navigation; it was among other things enacted, That debentures to the amount of twelve thousand five hundred pounds, bearing an interest after the ratg of four pounds per centum per annum, should be issued to such persons as then were, or should he undertakers for completing a navigation from Drogheda to Trim, pursuant to their petition prclcnted to the lioul'e of commons in the then llflion of parliament, and that no such subscribers or undertakers respectively, as in the said act of parliament mentioned, (hculd be entitled to any such

The thirtieth Year of George III.

2 95

such debenture, or to any benefit whatsoever, under the said act, A.D. who fnouhl not have depefited with the governor and company 179°* of the bank of Ireland, one-tenth part of their respective subserip-tions or government leairities for such tenth part, or any proportion of the fame, such subscriptions respectively being double the Aim for which inch subscribers or undertakers respectively, were by the said a cl entitled to receive debentures, and that such deposits iliould he mat'e by such subscribers or undertakers respectively, within six months after the twenty-fourth day of June, then next iubjcfl to certain provifees and conditions in the said act mentioned, and let forth: anti whereas it was by the said act provided and enacted, That nothing therein contained, should extend, or be construed to extend, to ved in such subscribers and undertakers respectively, the property in such parts of the navigations in the said act mentioned, as had been open from the l’ca upwards before the passing of the said act, unless the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of tills kingdom for the time being, should have been first obtained: therefore be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament affemhied, and by the authority of the same, That in case the persons who in the last perl‘

; . Ill (tnKTihrd,

fifiion of parliament presented the said petition to the house of conu>lyins, commons for aid towards carrying on and completing the said Jjjo/witii w ork, or any of them, by themselves, or jointly with others, shall

within inch times respectively after the twenty-fourth day of said act; June next entiling the passing of this au, as are in the said recited act mentioned in respect to the twenty-fourth of June then next, comply with and perforin the several terms and conditions in the fii.l act mentioned, they and their assigns (half be entitled to, and and >b«r

' o atli-Mir. UIU-

have, receive, and enjoy all and every Inch aid, bounty, benefits, tied to all l,c-

privilcges, and advantages, as they would have been entitled to

if they had complied with and performed the terms and conditi- b>falJ "c:-

oils in the said act in that behalf mentioned and contained.

ii. Provided always, That in case the said present subscribers, Iffulifcii-

or such future subscribers to, or undertakers of the said work, j'j

shall neglect or omit to comply with and perform the several terms

and conditions in the said act mentioned, within such times re- tioilri, wulltu

speflively, after the twenty-fourth day of June next ensuing the passing of this act, as by the said act were limited and appointed

for the performance thereof respectively, after the twenty-fourth taut rft «it

dav of June lad pad, then and in such case, such subscribers or

uttdei takers shall he liable to all such penalties, forfeitures, and itat.!.- <«. alt

* .... jiciialiiw’S, iic.

4. E 2 disabilities,

2()f>

A.D.

179°. Chap. 40.

ns by said act *vetc appointed.

When i-10th of subserip-tion deposited or expended, subscribers to be united into I company*

and I body politic and corporate, by the name of the river Boyne company,

and have perpetual succession, am] a common seal, and be inverted with all powers, &c. as veiled in grand canal company by an act in 1772,

andfobjeft to like rules, &c.

Nothing in this act to alter tolls to be taken on said navigation.

When company have completed navigation to Navan, the wmks and navigation

The thirtieth Year of George III.

usabilities, as by the said act were enacted and appointed for or on account of the non-performance of the said terms and conditions within the respective times for the purpose in the said act mentioned.

II!. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as one-tenth part of the subscriptions entered into, or to be entered into for the completion of the said work, or government debentures for such tenth part, shall be deposited as aforesaid, or expended on the said work, such subscribers, and their assigns, shall be united and erected into one company for carrying on the said navigation, and shall from thenceforth be one body politick and corporate, by the name of the river Boyne company, and shall have perpetual succeslion, and a common leal, and by that name, may sue and be sued, and shall thenceforth be invested with all the powers, privileges, benefits, and advantages, for the purposes of carrying on the said navigation, as were vested in the company of undertakers of the Grand Canal, by the act passed in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, entitled, Sin aH for enabling certain personss to carry on and complete the Grand Count, and also be subject to the like rules and regulations as the said company of undertakers are subject to, under and by virtue of the aforesaid act, as effectually in all things as if the several clauses contained in said last mentioned act, were again recited and re-enacted in the body of this act.

IV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained, shall in any degree alter, or be construed to alter the tolls to be taken on the said navigation, as ascertained by the act for promotion and encouragement of inland navigation.

V. And whereas part of the said river Boyne, that is to say, such part of it as extends from Carrick-Lock above Slane- Bridge to Drogbeda, as also certain parts of the fame extending from said lock to Trim, had been made navigable at the publick expence, before the passing of the said act, and are now under the controul and direction of publick commissioners, and it is expedient for the completion of the said navigation up to Trim, that the property of the works which have been so made at the publick expence, shall be vested in the said river Boyne company, subject to the regulations and restrictions herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That so soon as the said river Boyne company shall have completed the navigation of the said river Boyne up to the town of Navan in the county of Meath, pursuant to their undertaking aforesaid, the property in the faiu works, and

T/je thirtieth Year of George III.

the navigation aforesaitl, from Carrick-Lock down to Drogheda inclusive of the said iock, shall be vested in the said river Boyne company, and their successors, for ever; and that immediately after this act shall pass into a law, the property of said parts or works before mentioned, upon the said river Boyne, between Carrick-Lock aforesaid, and the town of Trim, shall be vested in the said river Boyne company, and their successors, for ever.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That unless the said river Boyne company shall within live years after they shall have completed the said navigation up to Navan as aforesaid, carry on and complete the navigation of the said river Boyne, up to the town of Trim in the county of Meath aforesaid, that then and in that case the property in the said works, and the navigation aforesaid, from Carrick-Lock to Drogheda, Avail (land and be divelted from the said company, and Avail in that case (land and remain under the controul and direction of the present commissioners of the said navigation, as if this act had never passed.

VII. And be it enacted, That until the navigation of the said river Boyne, shall have been completed to the town of Trim as aforesaid, all tolls which shall be raised upon that part of the said navigation which extends from Carrick-Lock to Drogheda, Avail be applied only to the repairs and improvement of the fame, but so loon as the navigation of the said river shall be completed to the town of Trim as aforesaid, then and not before, such tolls Avail be applied to the purposes of the whole of the said navigation from Trim to Drogheda, in such manner as the said river Bovne company Avail think fit.

VIII. And whereas it may be injurious to the property of the perfous who have expended large fttms of money on the mills of Slane, as also to the present and future proprietors of the castle of Slane, if the present levels or cuts made for carrying on the said navigation from Carrick-Lock to Drogheda should be altered, or the locks now, or hereafter to be made from Carrick-Lock aforesaid, to Rollharee-Lock below the bridge of Slane, should be negligently taken care of, or maliciously opened at unseasonable times; be it enacted, That it Avail not be lawful for the said river Boyne company, and they are hereby prohibited from altering the present cuts or levels on the said navigation, from Carrick-Lock to Rdiinrcc-Lock aforesaid, inclusive, and that the person or persons to be nominated and appointed by the said company, lock-keej er or lock-keepers of the lock on the said navigation

Vot,. XV. 41' now

fromOirrj’ck-lock to l*ro* gheda, mclu-five of said lock,lo be veiled in fat'd company for ever;

after passing this act, pro-penyof works between Car* rick lock and town of Trim veiled in said company, and their succes-fmR, for ever.

Unless company, within 5 ycats after navigation completed to Navan, compute navigation to Trim* pioperty in works from C.trticfc lock to Diogheda to be diverted from them, and remain under direction of prc-sent commis*

boners

Until navigation completed to Trim, ail tolls raised from Catrick lock to Droghcdx, applied only to repairs, &c. thereof, but when completed to Trim, then fuel) tolls dial] be applied to the purposes of the whole.

Company prohibited from altering ptelent cut>, from Cartick-luck to hoff-lUtice-lock;

298 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D. 1790. Chap. 40.

all lockkerp*

irs fron« the t.ill of Cat-lick lock to the tail of Roflnttrce-lo’zk incliiliw, appointed from time to time by company* with approbation of present and future proprietors of Slane-castle, and not oilier-wife j

lock-keeper to beiemoved upon complaint of pto-piictor of laid eaflie.

Notice to be poltcci as hcreiiii by company, 14 days before water drawn off, for pui-pose of re pairii g, &c. if any cut or cuts drained without such tioilce. every person by whose direction they dial) be drained, &c. forfeit 50l. for every offence, and 10l. for every day navigation interrupted thereby, to be recovered as buciii

Company, with appro bjtjoit oftlie ptefi-nt eom-nrfiiouers,

may expend such fnms as feetn nicer on rrpaiit, ic. of nr.vigi' mi,

now called Fcnner-Lock, as also of the said lock called Rofinarec-Lock, and the guard-lock of Slane, and of all such locks as may hereafter he erected on the said navigation, from the tail of Carrick-Lock aforesaid, to the tail of Rofinaree-Lock aforesaid, inclnfive, shall from time to time he so nominated and appointed, with the approbation and consent of the present and future proprietors of Slpne-Castle for the time being, and not otherwise, and every such lock-keeper shall be removed from inch his appointment, upon complaint made to the said company by the present or future proprietors of the said castle of Slanc, of neglect or other misconduct in keeping Inch locks.

IX. And to prevent the injuries and inconveniencies which may arise by draining the said navigation, for the ptirpolcs of repairs, or for any other purpose, without giving proper notice; be it enacted, That notice shall be publickly pulled on the inarket-houses of the towns of Tiim, Navail, Slane, and Drogheda respectively, by and in the name of the said company, fourteen days at the lead beiore the water shall he drawn oft' from the cuts on the said navigation, or any of them, for the purpose of repairing the fame, or for any other purpose, atul in calc the said cuts, or any of them, shall he drained, without giving Inch notice as aforesaid, cvciy person by whole direction such cuts shall have been so drained, or who Audi have drained, or caused the lame to be drained, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and ten pounds for every day the navigation shall be interrupted thereby, to lie recovered by any person who shall sue for the same, by civil hill in the court of proper jurisdiction, either in the county of Meath, or the county of the town of Drogheda.

X. And whereas it may be expedient to permit the said river 3ovne company immediately to expend any sums of their money which they may think lit, in repairing and improving the said navigation from Carrick-Lock down to Drogheda; be it enacted, That it shall and may he lawful lor the said company, by and with the approbation of the commissioners, in w hom the eomroul am! management of the said navigation is now veiled, to expend such sums ol their money as to them Hull leem meet, on the repairs and improvement of the said navigation, at any time before the property of the same shall be vested in them, purfuaiit to, and by virtue of this act.

ft nny time

before tl'e properly shall be veiled in tliviu b) ibis

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if ary liiit shall he temmemed or piclecuteu again! any persons

or

The thirtieth Year of George III. 299

or persons, for any thing which shall be done in pursuance of this A.D. aQ, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give fjff'j the special matter in evidence, and that this act shall be deemed pctfnns and taken to be a publick act. ss«! as ,1L're-

1 m, may plena

tin* general issue

a public act.

CHAP. XLI.

An Act for enabling the Lord High Chancellor, and the Court of Exchequer respectively, to make Orders on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland for Payment, out of the general Fund of Monies belonging to the Suitors of the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer., the Sum therein mentioned, towards building the principal Courts of Jufice at Dublin, and Law Offices, and for amending an Act, Entitled, An Act for better securing the Monies and FffcBs of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery and Court if Exchequer, by depofiiing the fame in the National Bank, and to prevent the forging and counterfeiting any Draft, Order, or other Voucher, for the Payment or Delivery of such Money or FffcBs, and for other Purposes.

II ERE AS the providing of convenient courts for the FreamU'e. administration of justice in his Majesty's principal courts of jr.ftice at liubiin, and of offices for the keeping and preferring of the records thereof, and for the tranladlion of the business of such offices, will be of advantage to the publick, and it may require the sum of thirty thousand pounds to complete the building of such courts and offices; be it therefore enacted by the King’s 1110ft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prdent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That out of the general fund of the monies of the suitors of his Majesty's high court of Chancery, and court of Exchequer, which now are, or shall be deposited in the bank of Ireland, the governor and company of the bank of Ireland shall within the space of three years, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, pay to the lord high chancellor, and chief judges, towards building the said courts and offices, the turn cl thirty thousand pounds, upon any order or orders which the lord high chancellor, or the lord keeper, or lords commissioners 4 F 2 for

Our of mo* nics of suitors in courts of chancery and c.’.clicfjuei, governor and Company of the bark of ht'iti d,

uiihii.3 ><aif fiorn 2yili Mai yyo, t pay luid thr-iccllor &t.<2 judges 3'- icccl. for building

courts and offices, upon order, as herein

said funi to be paid by yearly pay* meats of lo.ooool.

Recital 23 &2+0. 3.

sum depoli* ted, in cause herein mentioned, with John Tumia dine, not forth coming;

lord chancellor, See. may issue oidcis to accountant-central to draw upon llic hank for such sum, not exceeding 2,500l. or any patt thereof, herein;

The thirtieth Year of George III.

for the custody of the great seal of Ireland, for the time being, and the lord chief baron of the court of Exchequer, shall respectively make for that purpose; and that the said sum of thirty thousand pounds, shall he so paid by yearly payments of ten thousand pounds in each year respectively.

II. And wherea6 by an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, Sin act for better featring the monies and rjfcBs of the suitors of the court of Chancery, and the court of Exchequer, by depefting the fame in the National Bank, and to prevent the forging and counterfeiting any draft, order, or other voucher for the payment or delivery of such money or effects, and for other purpnfes, it is recited, That by the failure of John Tunnadine, esquire, late one of the mailers of the said court of Chancery, a sum of six thousand six hundred and sixty-four pounds (even (Idlings, the property of certain of the suitors of the said court theretofore deposited with the said John Tunnadine, was not forth-coming, and it is by the said act enacted, That the lord high chancellor, the lord keeper, or commissioners of the great leal for the time being, may give his orders from time to time, as occalton may require, to the accountant-general, to draw upon the said bank in manner as in the said act is directed for such sums so deposited with the said John Tunnadine, amounting in the whole to the sum of six thousand six hundred and sixty-four pounds seven shillings, and that the said films so drawn for, pursuant to such orders, shall be discharged out of the general fund in the said act mentioned, remaining in the said hank: and whereas since the passing of the said act, it hath been discovered that a further sum, the property of suitors in the said court, in a cause therein in which Dominick Burke, Margaret his wife, and Richard Hedges Eyre, were plaintiffs, and Edward Eyre, and Mary his wife, were defendants, and theretofore deposited with the said John Tunnadine. was not forth-coming; be it therefore enacted, That the lord high chancellor, the lord keeper, or commissioners of the great seal for the time being, shall ami may issue his or their order or orders, from time to time, to the accountant-general of the said court of chancery, to draw upon the fain hank for such sum as shall appear to the said lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or commissioners of the great seal, to have remained in the hands of the said John Tunnadine in the said cause, not exceeding the sum of two thousand five hundred pounds, or any part or parts thereof, in the same manner as lie or they is, or are by the said act empowered to draw upon the said hank for the said sum of

fix

The thirtieth Year of George III.

six thousand six hundred and sixty-four pounds seven shillings; and that such film or films as shall be drawn for, pursuant to such order, shall be discharged out of the fame fund as the said film of iix thousand six hundred and sixty-four pounds seven shillings is by the said act directed to be discharged.

III. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that the general fund belonging to the suitors of the said courts shall at any time be reduced to the amount of the sum of /even thousand pounds in the said act mentioned, and such film as shall be paid by virtue of such orders as aforesaid in the said catife, not exceeding two thousand five hundred pounds, and the said fiitn of thirty thousand pounds, which by this act may be paid out of such general fund, after the same shall be paid, that then the governors and company of the said bank shall be rehnbitrfed from and out of his Majesty's treasury, a6 well such sum or films, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two thousand five hundred pounds, as shall have been paid by virtue of any order or orders in the said catife; and also the said sum of thirty thousand pounds, or so much thereof as shall have been paid by virtue' of this act, as the said sum of six thousand six hundred and sixty-four pounds seven shillings, or any part or parts thereof, authorized to be paid by the said act.

IV. Provided, always, and be it enacted, That all or any of the estate or effects of the said John Tunnadine, liable to the demand of the said suitors, shall be applicable to the discharge, as well of such sum as shall have been paid by virtue of any order or orders in the said catife, as of the said sum of six thousand six hundred and sixty-four pounds seven shillings, so far as such estates or effects shall extend; and all monies arising from such ehates or effects so applicable to the discharge thereof, shall be paid into the said hank, as part of the general fund, in discharge of such sum, so payable out of such general fund, by virtue of this act.

V. And whereas it is by the said act enacted, That there shall be a person appointed, from time to time, by his Majesty, his heirs and succeslhrs, to act, perform, and do all such matters and things as may be requisitc and necessary for the payment, delivering, and depositing of the monies, securities, and effects of the suitors of his ivl.ijesty’s high court of chancery, into the said bank, and for the taking the fame out of the said bank, under the direction of the said court, and for keeping the accounts with the said bank, and all other matters relating thereto, and that such person or officer shall be called the accountant-general of the

If fund (TiaN happen to he reduced, a* herein }

Fibre and

iflcfls of said

John Til tna-dine, liable to demand of suitors, to be applied as herein: so far a* cf-tate, &c.

shall extend, all monies arising there-from, to be paid into bank, as part of general fund.

Further re* cital 23 Sc

24 C- J-

302 A.D.

'79° Chap. 41,

accountant-gem 1 >1 of com! ofcliati* cny, with ajij'H.b.itmn ol didiuvlliu, may appoint a deputy. at; jicicm;

also accountant-general of the exchequer, with

approbation of chief baron. may appoint a deputy, as herein

deputies to 'll tve power l perform duties of office# as fully as principals;

deputies to att without fee or reward, except from jin foils, by whom appointed.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

court of chancery; and it is also enabled, That his Majesty, his heirs and successors, may, from time to time, appoint an accountant-general of the court of exchequer, and th at lech accountant-general shall he subject to, ami perform all such duties, regulations, acts, and directions, touching and concerning the monies and securities of the I'uitors of the said court of exchequer, in life maimer, and under such restrictions and penalties as are therein prcl'crihcd, imposed, or directed to he done and performed by the accountant-general of the court of chancery, touching and c'interning the monies and fccuriiics of the said court: and whereas it may happen that by li -bids or absence upon unavoidable occasions, the persons appointed, or to he appointed to the Oiin.es of accoumants-gciK-i'al to the said courts respectively, may not be able to attend conftautly to the execution of the duties of their rclneclive offices, hv which inconvenience may aril’e to the public; lor prcveiuion whereof, be it enacted, That it shall and . may he lawful lor the accountant-general rf the court of chancery, with the approbation in writing of the lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or cnminiifiimers of the great leal for the time being, from time to time, as occasion may require, to constitute and appoint a lit and proper person, for whom lie shall he answerable, to he deputy to him in Iris laid office dining the time of his ftekness, or absence, allowed by the chancellor, lord keeper, or commissioners of the great leal, and for the accountant-general of the said court of exchequer, with the approbation in writing of the chief baron or' the said court, from time to time, a- occasion may require to eonfiitute and appoint a fit and proper perl'on, for whom he shall he anitverable, to be deputy to him in hi- said office during the time of his sickness, or absence, allowed by the said chief baron; and that such deputies so appointed shall in all respects have power to execute atui perform the duties of their respective offices as fully as the principal officers by whom they shall he respectively appointed, and such deputies shall ec! in their respective offices, and perform all acts that shall be necessary to he done therein, without any fee or reward, other than Inch as they shall be entitled to receive from the persons by whom they shall have been respectively appointed.

CHAP.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

CHAP. XLII.

An Act for extending the Porters of the Cot for at ion for paring, e/eanfit/g, onri lighting the Streets of Dublin, and to enable the said Corporation to build a Bridge acrcfs the River Anna iffey, at JJltmd Bridge.

[Preamble.]

"ST T f I-I E P. E A S doubts have aril'en on the construction of the different acts which have passed for repairing roads in the county, and county of the city of Dublin, whether the grand juries for laid county and city can present any money for repairing such parts of said roads as are situate between said city, and the Circular-road, and the corporation for paving, cleansing and lighting the ilrcets of Dublin arc at present prohibited by law from making Inch repairs, for want of which many of the fame gre now in a ruinous date, and almost impassable: and whereas said corporation are delimits for the accommodation of the publick, to undertake said work*, lo far as they may be enabled by law, and that their funds will permit, and to keep them in repair for the spaec of seven years; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and conlint of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in the prelcilt parliament assembled, That from and after the passing of this act, Coipoiatjoi* the said corporation may, and they are hereby empowered to aiiVonS? repair, make, and keep in order, at fuel) times, and in such manner as they shall think heft, all or any part or parts of the mraiamlCir-several roads or avenues to the city of Dublin, which lie between the extreme cud of the pavements, and the circular or environ road; and also ail, or any part of the road leading to Chapelizod, Clt>"

and iituare between laid city and the line of the bridge intended !,riiise, ami' to he built over the river LilTey, at iHand-bridge, as hereafter " 1 mentioned, and also to make iiidi foot'.', ays thereon, as they shall think proper.

II. And whereas turnpikes are erected on several of the roads leading to said city, at which toll? are received for the purpose of keeping the lame in repair, and it is lvalc.nable that laid trustees fi.ould contribute towards the e.xpenee of the fame: be it enacted, That from and after the passing of tins, aft, the di- T.:;r*n.-r5

reefers of the read leading from Dublin to Dimleer, and the trustees of other roads respectively, il.all have lull power and

!:.(!, LJ.ll of

4g

authority 1

304 Yhe thirtieth Year of George III.

A. fa. authority to enter into any contrail or agreement, for any term

179°. not exceeding seven years, with said corporation, for such proportion of the expence attending the making, repairing, and keep-poriiun of cx- ing in repair, such parts of the said road as aforesaid, as shall be tam'not>«- a£reL‘d upon between them and said corporation, cteding 7 HI. And whereas the bridge over the river Anna Liffey, at Island-bridge, has been destroyed, and rendered impassable for carriages, so that the communication between the north and south (ides of the river at that place is taken away, and the bcnehts arising to the publick from the Circular-road are much diminished, and there do not appear any means of building a new bridge at or near said place, without laying additional burthens on the publick, unlel's the said corporation (liould be empowered to under-

Corporation take, and be enabled to execute the fame: be it enacted, That such part of the said corporation may, and they are hereby empowered to apply ccflhr^'for mlJch, or such part of their funds as may be necessary for the building and completing a bridge across said river, at Island-’ bridge aforesaid, upon such plan, and in such manner, as they " shall think best, and for the keeping the fame in repair for seven years. years.

No toll for

IV. And be it enaOcd, That nothing herein contained shall passingliiiclgc, construed to empower laid corporation, or the trustees of the Circular-road, or any other person or perl'ons, to charge or take, now, or at any time hereafter, any toll for the liberty of passing norgatecreft- said bridge; and that there shall not be any gate or other bar ereited on laid Circular-road, nearer to said bridge than the road leading from Kilmainham to the county' of Kildare on the south fide, and the wall of his Majesty's Phoenix-park, on the north fide of said river.

Materials V. And be it enacted, That the materials of the old bridge, &cfwitcrt8in and also the foundations of the piers which have been laid in cotpoiation; paj(j fiygi^ for the purpose of building a new bridge shall he, and persons Rub the same are hereby vested in the said corporation; and that if cXX'hig any person or persons shall (teal, or carry away any of the flags, jcdUu f11’" stones, iron, timber, or other materials, or any thing whatlo-naltics in rg. ever llfed or purchased for the life of ("aid intended bridge, or siitducl. belonging to the said old bridge, or shall injure or damage any of the works of said bridge, lie, flic, or they shall be liable and subject to the like penalties and forfeitures as are enacted by the said herein before recited act.

After 7

VI. And be it enacted, That the lit id corporation shall, at the ctrc'oftlie end of seven years, give up and surrender the care and manage-lmii6e to Re- inti,t thereof, and that from thence-forward it shall be considered

volve to tlte ’

county. , as

I

The thirtieth Year of George III.

as a-county bridge to all intents an in repair at the charge of the conn; or in Inch manner as county b. paired.

VII. And whereas the said tnifl-v ment with the owners or proprion river on the fotith, for part thereof. ii a bridge, intended to lie built by tl. pleted the said purchase, by paynv.; for the fame: and whereas there; said trustees for the colls of eredina the use of said bridge; be it cnatli shall and may, and they are here! proprietors or owners of said ground pounds, together with interest for ll: j pounds per centum, from the time the

purposes, and shall be kept of Dublin by presentment, ges arc i'uppcrted and rc-

;? have entered into an agree- derremr.-u

b. , of l.'ljflccJ nf

:s of ground adjoining laid cmnUi..:..!,

for l'ioiiih) fi.r an approach

to IllC liCW btiibc;

~ an approach or avenue to

hut have not as yet com-

' i' the money agreed upon

be other demands ngainll

riers, or other works, for

'1 hat tile said corporation corporation , «.mi> vet .\1 to

r.jjov.'crcc] to pay to the ,ly 4CC|. to die sum of four hundred i’rorri.,;",rs-

with imcuit

uuc, at the rate of live at j iw >t. four hundred pounds

against the said I run clct'is;

iso mam or lo he

became payable, until the same shall be paid in full, for any demands which they, or any of them haw or may have for the fame; and that nothing herein contained dull be confmsed to corporation fulljed the said corporation to the payment of any oilier sum XLts'of*'0 of money due by said trustees as aforesaid, or to discharge them ,r"ll<:‘'Si therefrom, or to take away from the person or persons entitled to nccmot receive the same, any remedy they may have a trustees, or any other persons for the recover)' thereof, but that the said piers, together with the materials of the old bridge, shall veiled in cor. be vested in the said corporation, free from any charge or demand from whatsoever.

VIII. And whereas the frequent breaking up the pavement of said bridge for the purpose of new laying, or repairing the mains laid nn or pipes, may damage said bridge, and will be a great nuiiance to

the publick: be it enacted, That in order to prevent the fame, 'ri,sc.

1 1 c -r\ cept of iron

the lord mayor, (hcrifTs, commons, and citizens of Dublin, or or catt metal, their committee, commonly called the pipe-water committee, shall not Jay any main or other pipe on said bridge, or within five yards of the fame, except the same shall be of iron or cart metal.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the said corporation, or any seven or more members thereof, d.nold,'. in case t!ie fame shall appear to them to be an improvement to

the approach of the said city, and an advantage to the publick, to widen any of the old roads between said city, and the Circular-road, or to lay out a new line or lines for a road, which ever they shall judge will best answer the said purposes, and to ascertain

Yol. XV. 4 H the

Corporation mstv wi-

306 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

the ground which will be wanted for the fame, provided that such

1790. grounds be not gardens or orchards, the produce whereof Ifjall

not lie intended for publick sale, yards, lawns, demesne ground except a-, walled or paled in, or planted avenues, which laid corporation are not hereby empowered to enter upon for such purpose, unless the owner or proprietor thereof shall agree with them so to do.

Corpora- X. And be it enacted, That the said corporation, or any seven TicdtnTicIt or more members thereof, shall he, and are hereby authorized and empowered to treat, contract, and agree, from time to time, fie. 21 herein, with the several owners, proprietors, occupiers of, and persons intcrclled in any lands, grounds or hereditaments necessary to be ttfed for the widening of any of the said roads, or making any new roads in lines more convenient to travellers, pursuant to the powers hereby given, for such recompense and satisfaction to be made for the fame, either by purchase of the fee and inheritance, or by an annual rent, as they or any seven or more members thereof, and the respective owners and persons interclled in said lands, grounds, or hereditaments shall agree upon, which said purchase money, or annual rent shall be paid out of the funds of the said corporation.

Persons nc-

XI. And be it enacted, That if any such owner, proprietor, or

Stearns to

treat after 1+ occupier, or any body politick, corporate, or collegiate, mtcrelted «rmit apee- *n any lands, grounds, or hereditaments, upon fourteen

urg to fell, days notice to them given, or left in writing at the dwelling house, or place of abode of such perl'on or persons, or of the head officer of such body politick, corporate, or collegiate, or at the house of the tenant in possession of such lands, grounds, or hereditaments Avail neglect and refuse to treat, and shall not agree for the felling or demifing of the fame, or any part thereof, or by reason of absence shall be prevented from treating as aforesaid; corporation then, and in such case, the said corporation, or any three or more warrant to members thereof, may issue a warrant or precept to the sheriffs

Itimirs of of said city, or to the ffieriff of the county of Dublin, as the case

city or conn- 1 c 1

ty, and pro- may require, and proceed upon the valuation thereof, m tile

fiiation, as by manner directed by said act of the twenty-sixth year of his pre-

ad 26 G. 3. sent Majesty's reign.

Upon pay-

XII. And be it enacted, That upon payment of such sum or awarded, per- sums as shall be awarded and adjudged, the person or persons, rTto'csccate ^ody or bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, feoffees in trust, conveyances executors, administrators, femes covert, guardians, committees, or other trustees whatsoever, who are, or shall be seized, possessed of, or interested in any of such lands, grounds, or hereditaments, shall

make

‘The thirtieth Year of George III. 307

nuke and execute good, legal, and valid conveyances, alignments A.D. or demises to the said corporation, or any nine or more members 179°-thereof, of 1‘uch lands, grounds, or hereditaments, and all bargains and files so made and enrolled in the rolls-oliice of this kingdom, shall have the fame force and died, as is given by the aforesaid act.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said corporation or their Currm-oJIicers, shall have all and singular the fame powers and authorities, and the like regulations, penalties and forfeitures shall affect .3il and extend to every pan of the roads or avenues which now are, "l! ms, or at any time hereafter may !>c iitnate between the extreme end of the pavements, and the said Circular-road, and also as far

1 ’ R't.l L’ucuiJr-

as Mand-bridge, as are provided or enacted with respect to any mad; part of the streets and other publick passages of said city. wiv/Jiaie

XIV. And whereas by the extension of the works hereby t"?"1!?1 "It,‘

J > respoct u>

intended to be done, a great encrease of business will be induced streets.

on the said corporation, and some alterations will be necesliiry in bccilVliv^tecl

the establishment thereof: and whereas for the purposes of paving J;"‘" 51,‘!,'^r.

and lighting, said city has been divided by said corporation into lioution j

five divisions or districts, in order that each division or district

respectively should be under the care and fupevintendance of one

particular commissioner: and whereas for the effectual executions a <Wi <itv:nr..>

of the several extensions or works herein recited, one other or "’‘uul'

sixth division should he created; be it enacted, That it shall and

may be lawful to and for the directors of said corporation, or

any five or more of them, with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to appoint one other person, not a;ro.i,orcnm-

being a member of parliament, to be a commissioner of said n"ffio, K.r la

v Ijc appointed

corporation, with like powers, authorities and allowances, and as Imdn: removeable and replaceable as the other commissioners are, under the said act of the ttventy-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the lord Toni mayor mayor of the city of Dublin, upon a certificate signed as directed by the said act, to swear in two other of the inferior officers of '‘2’" "I11"

1 7 office of coil*

said corporation, into the office of constable, which persons shall have the fame power and authority as the other constables already appointed under the said act have, by virtue thereof.

XV. And be it enacted, That if any commissioner shall here- If any cvn-after be chosen, or become a member of parliament, that his place cu,)s a mn',. or office of a commissioner shall thereupon immediately ccafe,

and lie shall from thenceforward he incapable of acting as such, liceiliaiimfc.'.

and lie i'. reti-

4 W 2 and clefC<1

bfc, &c.

3°8

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

and the directors shall appoint another person in the manner pre-1790. feribed by said act, to be a commissioner in his room.

XVI. And whereas by the carrying on of laid works the whole and another business of the corporation will be very materially increased, and apiKjiuud. ft0rc.]J0l|fes or yards at the extremities, or other parts of said

Directors tlt>'s or within the limits of the Circular-road may be necessary, niay take ad- and also additions or alterations to their corporation-house in Iro'i'r'r, s'".' Dawson-flrect: be it enacted, That the said directors, or the »‘ti"» Ci'cu- maiori[y of them, mav take fitch additional store-houses or yards

far-ioatl, ana J J 7 J

make altera- at the extremities, or other parts of laid city, or within the limits linns to their of the Circular-road, and make such alterations or additions to foifn'crt" hiid house, as they shall think lit, provided the annual annual ex- expence of the fame altogether, shall not exceed the i'uni of one

jtci.cc not to , t

exceed icol. hundred pounds.

Rates. Oc.

XVII. And whereas the several rates and assessments granted

by an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign.

Hand hemity entitled. An act for the improvement of the city of Dublin, and for turns lmr- . , J r , , r

rowe.i upon the environs thereof, by the better paving, lighting, and cleansing

in.uifasis,^ tjJc j-time, alK| (,y (|lc fajj act vested in the directors and com-

made !>y former eoipora* tsuus;

millioners thereby incoriiorated for paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets of Dublin, {land a fecuiity for payment of several funw of money borrowed upon moitgages, made by former corporations for paving the streets of Dublin, by virtue of powers for that and of ime- pitrpole given by certain other acts, in the said act recited, and sums'at fiper of Ate itUereft of such lums at the rate of lix pounds per centum per annnm, and the said rates and assessments are also subject to and of a fur- the payment of a further Aim, for which warrants have been uhich'\var-°r ’hhed by for,ner commissioners for paving the streets of Dublin, rants hare bearing a like interest, until the principal sums therein mentioned Wing a like he paid: and whereas the said rates and assessments are also a "itcrcit ’ security for payment of several sums of money borrowed by the also for feve- directors and commissioners incorporated by the said act, on

ml aims l)ur- '

rmved on mortgages made, or debentures lluicd by them, by virtue of cer-de°l>ent«"s°a ta*n P°'vers in the said act for that purpose, bearing interest at; per cunt, the rate ot five pounds per centum per annum: and whereas it it may lie ex- may be expedient for the said directors and cominiflloners appay'iiff turns P°'nteA by, and in pursuance of the said act, to pay ofl the several Hue nn mutt- sums now due and Handing out on such mortgages and warrants S S as aforesaid, bearing an interest at the rate of lix pounds per

centum per annum, and on Inch mortgages bearing an interest at andtobor- the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and in order to

sow as herein, enaye ,]lem to pay 0ff puc), fomS, or any of t]lenl) or fucj, part

thereof as they may think proper, to borrow upon mortgages

bearinc

The thirtieth Year of George III.

bearing an inters ft not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum, as shall be agreed upon by the said directors and commissioners, such sum and sums as may be sufficient to pay off and discharge the same as aforesaid: and whereas- the expeditiously performing of such works as the said directors and commissioners judge necessary to be carried on for the accommodation of the publick, will be of peculiar advantage to the publick, and in order to enable the said directors and commissioners to execute such works, it may be necessary to borrow a further sum, not exceeding five thousand pounds, in aid of the funds vested in them: be it therefore enacted, That the said directors and commissioners for the time being, or any nine or more of them, may at such time or times as they shall think proper, pay off and discharge all or any part of the several sums now due, and outstanding on mortgages and warrants, bearing an interest at the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, and five pounds per centum per annum, respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said directors and commissioners, or any nine or more of them be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, by mortgage or debenture, to borrow at such interest, not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, as shall be agreed upon by them, upon the credit of the funds, rates and assessments vested in them, such sum and films of money as shall be sufficient to pay off and discharge the several sums now due and outstanding on mortgages or warrants, bearing an interest after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, and five pounds per centum per annum respectively, or any part or parts thereof, and by writing under their common leal, to secure by mortgage of the said funds, rates and assessments, or any part thereof, or by debenture, any person or persons who shall advance such sum or sums, which mortgages or debentures shall be of like import as the mortgages prescribed in the said act, for securing the money which the said directors and commissioners were thereby empowered to borrow, with such variation in the words thereof, as the said directors and commissioners from the circumstances of the case shall think proper to make, and such mortgages or debentures shall be as valid and effectual a security to the person or persons who shall advance the monies to be borrowed thereon, and shall be transferable in the same manner as any mortgages made by virtue of the said recited act; and the interest which shall accrue thereon, shall lie paid in like manner as the interest of the monies borroweJ, by . ui le of the said act, is thereby directed to be paid.

XV. 4 t

Chap. 42.

ami for cjtpe-ditiotifly performing works, it may be necessary to hot row a further sum not exceeding 5000).

directors, &c. may pay off sums due, &c. as herein.

Directors, &c. may bor-rowat interest not exceeding 5 per cent, a sum or sums sufficient to discharge sums now due, bearing tote-rest of 6 per cent, and 5 percent, respectively.

or any part thereof;

payment to be secured a*

mortgages and delicti* tuies valid and transferable, as by recited act;

interest to be paid a,-, liv said act directed.

When <li-reflors, vC. are to pay off mortgages, &c.

advertisement to be publish

The thirtieth Year of George III.

XIX. And be it enacted, That whenever the said dirediors and commissioners under the provisions in this ail, are to pay off any of the mortgages or variants now outflanuing, such dirediors and commissioners inav, from time to time, cause an advertisement to he inl'erted in the Dublin Gazette, and in one or more of the publitk newspapers, signed with the name of their treasurer, requiring all persons holding such mortgager, and warrants, or either of them, so to he paid off as aforesaid, to

and"! (iMnore aPP*y for payment thereof at the office of the said directors and commissioners, or at the office of their treasurer, as in such advertisement or advertisements shall he mentioned, on such day or days.as in such advertisement or advertisements shall he named, fore the time not less than three calendar months from the time of the pui.ii-pay tnt ’ cation thereof, and the person or persons entitled to such mortgages or debentures, and warrants respectively, shall be paid by the iaid directors and commissioners, or their treasurer, the principal films due to him, her, or them respectively, with all interest due thereon, and shall upon such payment, give receipts for the fame, and deliver his, her, or their several ami respective mortgages, debentures or warrants, to the iaid dirediors and commissioners, or their treasurer, to he cancelled, which they or he are, or is hereby required to cancel accordingly, and the interdl payable by virtue of such mortgages or warrants, and all right to claim and demand the fame shall, front the expiration of the day of payment, ccafe and determine.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said directors and

public news papers, signed {>y treasurer, as herein;

3 months be-

principai ami interdl to be

paid, and receipts given

mortgages, &c. to be cancelled.

Sums borrowed lor payment of sums outstanding on mortgages,

&c to be paid within 10 days.

commissioners shall, within ten days after they shall have borrowed any sum or films in pursuance of this act, applicable to the payment of any sum or sums now outstanding on such mortgages, debentures, or warrants, which they are hereby empowered to pay off, pay such sum or lums as shall be so borrowed, in discharge of a like sum or sums due on such mortgages, debentures or warrants, so to be paid off as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said directors and commissioners, to raile and borrow at an interest not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum, such further sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of five thousand pounds, as may he necessary for executing' debtimite' to with expedition such works as they shall think lit; and that for lltr't'a!«!" securing the re-payment of such sum or sums with interest, the as herein; said dirediors and commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall and may issue debentures, under their common seal, acknowledging the receipt thereof, and entitling the person or persons

who

5000); may be rail'd) at imereti, not exceeding 4. per cent lor executing works;

The thirtieth Year of George III. 311

who shall advance the fame, his, her, or their executors, admi- A.D. nistrators and assigns, to the amount of the sum to be respect 179°* lively specified therein, and declaring such amount to he payable at such time and times as shall he agreed upon for that purpose, with interest, until such time as the principal sums respectively mentioned therein I hall be paid in one entire payment, at such rate not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum, as shall be agreed upon, and such debentures shall be in such form of words ns the said directors and commissioners shall think proper, and the same shall be a lien on the rates and assessments vetted in the said directors and commissioners, and be as effectual a security debentures to to the perl'on or persons who shall advance the monies to be bor- "'c-rowed thereon, as any mortgage or security made by virtue of «* herein; the said act, or this act; and every such person, his, her, or principal W their executors, administrators or adigns, diall lee paid the principal to be paid Turns to be specified in such debentures, with interest, by half-yearly payments, as shall he satisfied therein, at such times respectively, at times spe-?,s shall in such debentures be appointed for the payment thereof, and all filtered diall cease from such time as such debentures shall be rri'peftively payable.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said directors and com- F.icryycar millioners shall yearly, and every year, from the latest period at

which any debentures to be i(sued for the said sum of five thou- debem-m sand pounds diall be made payable, appropriate out of the rates ftlubTjay-and assessments vetted in them, a sum not less than five hundred al,lc’ ‘'"T

7 tors, kc. to

pounds, and shall pay and apply the fame in discharge of the apply a sum

notlcfsihun

principal iums due on lo many mortgages or debentures, to be 5cot. intiif-issued in pursuance of tills act, for railing such sum or sums as diall he borrowed for the purpose of paying off any sum or sums sums, m now clue by mortgages and warrants as aforesaid, as such sum ,n,;i ,),c ihal] amount unto, until the whole of the monies borrowed for "’l"1' such purpose shall be paid off and discharged.

XXIII. And for rendering the payment of the several sums due on such mortgages or debentures, so from time to'time to

he paid off, more ealv and certain: be it enacted, That the said Numbers directors and commissioners shall cause the numbers of the several oi&Kuuel, mortgages or debentures then outstanding and unpaid, and the aJ? rji^ sums therein contained, to be written on several tickets or pieces talned, to be of parchment, and to he rolled up and put into a box or urn, ami well mixed, and yearly and every year, an indifferent person _n"a,!y> to be appointed by the said directers and commissioners, shall publickly between the heurs of ten and twelve in the forenoon of a day to be named ior that p.urpol’e, in an advertisement to 4 1 2 be

herein;

312 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

be signed with the name of their treasurer or secretary, and to be *790, inserted in the Dublin Gazette at lead twenty days before, at their hottfe draw out of such box or urn, as many of the said as many to tickets or pieces of parchment as the sums therein contained shall Mainniint am01lnt to> 'he sum so to be paid off, and the person or persons, t. sum to lie t},e number of whole mortgages or debentures shall be so drawn, owners of his or their executors, administrators and assigns shall, within ddicnturesTo forty days after the same shall be drawn, be paid the principal tic paid prin- sum to him, her, or them re/pedlively due, with interest for the

cipai and in-

t<rest within fame, at the rates aforesaul, until paid, and mail upon payment drawing,"as" 'hereof, deliver his, her, or their several and respective mortgages hereinj or debentures, to the said dirediors and commissioners, or their inent, deben- treasurer, and give receipts for the lame, and the said dirediors kdeHmed!0 and commissioners, or their treasurer are, or is hereby required to and receipts canoe] the fame, and the interest payable by virtue of such

given, asnere-

in; mortgages or ciohentures shall ccaie, from the expiration of forty

tncMn'i &c. days, to be accounted from the drawing of such ticket or pieces

interest to of parchment.

ct/ale after 40 1 4

days from

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if the interest which shall drawing. be payable on any mortgage or mottgages, or debenture or deben-be unpaid to tures, to be issued in pursuance of this act, or any part thereof, appointed,^ l,e Unpaid by the treasurer, to the said commissioners and

lord chancel- dirediors, for the /pace of ten days after any of the days ap-appoint anrc-r pointed for the payment thereof, the lord high chancellor, lord herein " keeper, or commissioners of the great seal may, upon a petition of one or more of the holders of the said mortgages or debentures, and an a/lidavit verifying the truth thereof, appoint a receiver to receive so much of the said rates and afllflincnrs, as may be necessary to pay such interest and the receiver’s lees, and or may make all reasonable costs attending such application, or may make Inch qutftelingf order for sequestering the said rates and assessments, or such &c- monies as may be in the hands of the said treasurer for the payment thereof, as to justice shall appertain.

Directors,

XXV. And be it enacted, That the said dirediors and com-byi-TawsTir' missioners, or any nine or more of them, shall have full power ofc"TT ant^ au'h°rity to make and ordain such bye-laws, and other legation, Iations for the better government of the said corporation, as they shall think fit, which shall be valid and binding upon the said corporation, and the members thereof, and upon all perfems em-aml nwy alter ployed by them, or under them, and that the said dirediors and commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall have full power Irat'to Iw0*5 anl^ ail'hori'y to alter, vary, and amend inch bye-laws and rrgu-comrai-y to Iations, or any of them, as they shall think fil, provided always

tin* laws nr fljtutciof

tins kingdom.

The thirtieth Year of George III. that inch bye-laws and regulations shall not be contrary to the A,

3'3

D.

laws or statutes of this kingdom. 1790,

XXVI. And provided also, That in case, any person or persons shall think himself, herl'clf, or themselves aggrieved by the deter- Peifunsn;. mination of said corporation, upon any of said bye-laws, it shall ,[,'.'^,"*4. and may be lawful to and for such person or persons to appeal ticcs =t s"-

% u ttr fcfiitms fur

therefrom, to thejuuices at the next quarter lefhons to beheld city uf Dub-for the city of Dublin, after such determination, which justices arc if'detcrmina-hereby required finally to bear and determine such appeal, and if dim of cor-,

J i c. poratKin w.ij

they shall be of opinion that said determination was right, to right, nci>i< award treble costs against the appellant.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That no contrabl or agreement to Nocoutiabl

ofcorpota-

be entered into by the said corporation, shall be valid or binding, tion wl.,l,

unless the same shall be signed by four members thereof, two of "n,tf5,isn"1

whom at the least, shall be directors.

!>y 4 member*, 2 of

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That at all meetings of the direc- be directorj. tors, or of the directors and commissioners of said corporation', KJor'wlt»c in case there be an equality of voices, the senior director then a calling »oie. present, shall have a calling vote, exclusive of his own.

XXIX. And whereas there was a loss by failure of collectors I-olscf47.il.

( t t 86.8(1. by

under former corporations, for paving die streets of Dublin, of failiue of «,!-

four hundred and seventy-three pounds eight shillings and eight

pence: and whereas the said corporation claimed credit for the

sum of thirty-four pounds eighteen shillings and seven pence half- tion claimed

penny, as paid by them for opposing a bill in parliament, which said sums the commissioners of imprest accounts refuse to allow, palji1nf<'ra‘jj!j|

or discharge the present corporation from, on parting their ac- in parliament;

counts; be it enacted, That the said commissioners of imprest SJ,1®"*

accounts shall, and they are hereby empowered to allow the said """.jj.'1"

sums, and to discharge the said corporation therefrom, on parting &c. on pafliuj

o . their next ac-

their next accounts. count,

XXX. And be it enacted, That the costs and charges of pre- Colls of

- rr , non? . act to be paid

paring, drawing, obtaining and parting this abt, shall be paid by hycmpjra-the said corporation out of the funds thereof "°"'

XXXI. And be it enacted, That this act shall be deemed a A public act. publick abl, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all

judges, juries, and other persons, without specially pleading the

lame.

4K

CHAP.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

:CHAP. XLIII.

An Act for the more effectual Application of the Sum of One Thousand Pounds, granted by King's Letter, for the Support and Repair of the Cathedral Church of Down, and for defraying the Expenses of the Celebration of Divine

W.orship therein.

WHEREAS the ruinous state of the cathedral church of Down hath been for many years an object of real concern to the bishop and clergy of the diocese, and to the inhabitants of the fame: and whereas the great obstacle which hath for many years, prevented the restoration of the said cathedral church of Down to such a degree of decency and dignity as would become a diocese of its distinction and importance, was the total annihilation and loss of the fund for the oeconomy, belonging to the dean and chapter of the cathedral church aforesaid, for the support and repair of their cathedral, and for defraying the expences attending divine worship therein: and whereas the public wife for the reparation and re-establishment of the said cathedral church having been signified to his Majesty, his Majesty has been graci-ously pleased to grant, towards the completion of a fund for Grant of re-building the fame, the sum of one thousand pounds, by king’s Ma£iiyb;) l,u letter» to be paid so soon as his Majesty feall have been certified -that such a subscription feall have been made as feall, in addition f.ihfcriphon to his Majesty's bounty, be equal to the object proposed: and whereas such a subscription as aforesaid hath been finee made by the nobility, gentry, and clergy of the county of Down, and other well-disposed persons, and it is intended forthwith to proceed to carry his Majesty's gracious intention into effect, by repairing proposal of the said cathedral: and whereas the honourable and reverend dc"n An-'" William Annesley, the present dean of Down, being very desirous mifcr > to restore and render permanent an establishment for the support of the said cathedral church, and the celebration of divine worship therein, has proposed, with the approbation and consent of the bifeop of the diocese, and arch-bifeop of the province, to give and appoint, and the chapter have agreed to accept, the sum of three hundred pounds yearly, to be allotted out of the tythes of the deanery aforesaid, for the purposes aforesaid: and whereas it is apprehended that the aforesaid appointment of the said

3r4 A.D. ,79°-

[Preamble.]

The thirtieth Year of George III. 315

said (lean of Down will not bind his successors, whereby ihe A.D. appropriation of the said yearly film of three hundred pounds 179°-to the purposes aforesaid, may he rendered precarious; for remedy whereof, and in order to carry his Majesty's most gracious intention into execution, and to apply his Majesty's grant to the purposes thereby intended; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and from 2F^ar-after the twenty-fifth day of March, which will be in the year lvii.c’j, &c. one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, all that and those the tythes, whether vicarial or redtorial, tenths, oblations, obven- hereafter be.

' lung to t!ic

tions, fruits, foes, dues, glebe lands, tenements, meadows, paf- deanery of tures, commons, woods, waters, profits, privileges, and advan- Oown’ tages whatsoever, which now belong to, or arise, or which hereafter may belong to, or arise out of the several parishes of Down, Ballyculter, and Tyrcla, in the said county of Down, and out of all and every other parish or parishes which now are annexed to, or incorporated in, or constitute any part of the deanery of Down aforesaid, shall Hand and remain chargeable with one annuity, or dmgcaMe yearly charge of three hundred pounds, to be paid to the said p^mum,

dean and chapter, and their successors, for ever, upon the trulls,

r , r ’ in this act;

and for the purposes in this act mentioned, the said annuity to

be ifliring, going, and payable for ever as aforesaid, out of all

and Angular the tythes, whether vicarial or reftorial, tenths, obla- ofalltyihw,

tions, obventions, fruits, fees, dues, glebe lands, tenements, mea- as afo told»

dows, pastures, commons, woods, waters, profits, privileges, and

advantages whatsoever, which now belong to, or arise, or which.

hereafter may belong to, or arise out of the said several parishes

of Down, Ballyculter, and Tyrela, and out of all and every other

parish or parafhes which now are annexed to, or incorporated

in, or constitute any part of the deanery of Down aforesaid, or

which are payable to the said William Annelley, as dean of Down

aforesaid, the said dean and chapter, and their successors, to hold dean ami

and receive the said annuity for ever, upon the trusts aforesaid,

the first ycarlv payment of the said annuity to begin, and be made fT’\c~

4 ' 0 cme said an-

on the twenty-fifth day of March, which will be in the year one miitvfunu,; thousand seven hundred and ninety-two. tube made"1

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the said annuity aj Mar. yyj. of three hundred pounds, or any part thereof, shall happen to he itaunuiiy behind and unpaid for the space of twenty-one days, next after j'v'f'’"Jj1,2 ‘ any of the days of payment, whereon the lame is herein before c|iat"'r appointed to be paid, it shall he lawful for the said dean and a, iiciciii;

4k

chapter,

316 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

chapter, and their successors, for ever, to alk, demand, collect, 179c. and receive of and from all and every the parishioners of the P;irl^les of Down, Ballyculter, and Tyrela, and out of all and every other parish or pariQ.es which now are annexed to, or incorporated in, or.conditute any part of the deanery of Down aforesaid, or front any person or persons to whom the said dean, or any of his successors, hath let or demised, or shall let or demise

the fame, all and singular the said tytlics, whether vicarial or reftorial, tenths, oblations, obventions, fruits, fees, dues, profits, privileges, and advantages, and all and Angular the rents arising from any glebe lands, or other lands, tenements, and heredita-amlarrears^ mcn's> belonging to the said deanery, until the said annuity, and Jliati be paid; all arrears thereof shall' be paid and discharged, and upon non-

on non-pay- payment thereof, or of any part thereof, to bring, commence, and bri"s action, pr°fecute all and every such action and actions, suit and suits,

&c. at law or either at law or in equity, again! all and every person and per-m equity, as,

herein, fons, and to take all other ways and methods, either in the name and stile of the dean and chapter aforesaid, or in the name of the said present dean of Down, or any of his successors, for the recovering and receiving the said annuity of three hundred pounds, as may be necessary.

Every part HI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, to be'appro-1' That the said annuity shall be upon the special trust to appro-evertofup- Prlate fame, and every part thereof, for ever, for the support pon, &c. of and repair of the said cathedral church, and for the establishment anil cttablish- and support of the choral or choir service therein, for which

roent and fnp-juirt of choral service, not less than 3 vicats-choral, nor less than Gchoufters* and organiil.

Dean to appoint proper personsto hold offices; upon death or removal of officers) dean, and his successors. for ever* to appoint persons to fill vacancies.

Government, fee. of office, ami removal of officers vededindean, and his successors, for ever, iishop of Down 'and Connor, and his successors,

purpose the numbers of vicars choral or Tinging men, shall not be less than three, nor the choirefters or singing boys less than fix, together with an organist.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the dean of Down aforesaid, to appoint proper and sufficient persons to hold and exercise each and every of the several offices herein before mentioned; and that it shall and may be lawful, upon the death or removal of any of the officers aforesaid, for the said dean of Down, and his successors, for ever, to appoint proper and sufficient persons to fill up such vacancies as may be occasioned by death or removal as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, That the government and regulation of the several offices, and the removal of the several officers aforesaid, shall be in the said dean and his successors for ever; and that the bishop of Down and Connor, and his successors, shall be visitor of the whole, with all visitorial powers; this act to be deemed and taken to be a public act.

CHAP.

stf.lor; a public act.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

CHAP'. XLIV.

An Act for the Amendment of the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Kilkenny to the Town, of Clonmel/, and thence to the Bounds of the County of Cork, and to provide for the belter Repair of the fat'd Road.

WHEREAS the present laws arc insufficient for keeping pramblt. the said road in repair: be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the second, entitled, An at! for repairing the road leading Act; G. 2. from the city f Kilkenny to the town of Clonmcll, in the county of ["j.dTum"5 Tipperary; and also an act passed in the ninth year of the reign csyufKtf. of his said late Majesty king George the second, entitled, An to.'of Cion-at! for explaining, amending, and maling more effectual an at!, ni,:l1 ’ entitled, An act for repairing the road leading from the city of and 9G. 2-Kilkenny to the town of Clonmcll, in the county of Tipperary, be, alaalwirfo. and the same are hereby repealed, and made null and void, except such parts thereof as repeal any a cl or adds therein recited.

II. And be it further enacted, That the carl of IVIount-Cnfhcl, Nnm s <,f lord Lilmorc, lord Dcnoghmorc, lord Dcfart, lord Kinglborough, fir Thomas Oiborne, baronet, right honourable George Agar, joint Butler, esquire, of Kilkenny, senior, Walter Butler, ciquire, Stephen Moore, esquire, John Bagwell, esquire, Piivncas Ryal, ciquire,

Nathaniel Mitchell, esquire, Richard Pennefather, esquire, William Perry, Samuel Pen, Richard Moore, Solomon Wail'011, Hubert Stcphcnfon, Richard Jones, esquires, reverend dean Pack, reverend Joftph Moore, reverend John Elihen, reverend John Seen, reverend Samuel Rval, Thomas Moreton, Edward (adieu?, Ri-heu riamtrton, [rim Hap {tidkin, Samuel Allan, Edward aylor,

Wiiiiam Pennefather, Patrick vvaiih, Daniel Manfergli, James Wc:r.vs, homas Poore, Thomas Vov/cil, Valentine Saw t:;,

Abraham Baker, Riciiard Sparrow, Thomas Gt.Hu n, '1 hemes CUav'or, Bartholomew Markham, elqv.ires, l ivnets F-cq no!-.:?,

Henry Green, Cornelius Ryan, anil Philip Low, Pc, and they are hereby appointed conuniftioners or the l.nJ read.

Yol. XV. 4 L

3r 7

A.D. 1790.

3*8

A.D.

Chap.

44-

When any of said c!» mKfioiiers die <»r religii, remaining com-ir.s(fi«nt:is, Si. c.

mavclcftaiio-

tlicr.

Commissioners to affemlilc on lir/l Monday after paOtng ili» aft, at c ty of Kilkenny, or on Monday following to

tied l>v bul-lot, J directors.

In case of death, or re-flj'IIBtiotl of any diiector; or if any di* rcCtor ncfilcft or refute to cxcciue-liU tuill,

commissioner», or any 7 of tin m, to

choose aim-tlicr lij ballot; 14 d ivs notice to be given in a public paper, and polled on each pav-guc.

7 coir.missioners ticccffa 1 y to Con-

llituteameet-injt;

the act of the niiijoiitybiiid-

in?;

Commissioners may adjourn ft <-m

tune to time, ami place to place. *e.

Any 7 ,.f fa!d ojimnif-iumvr-, may call a nv eting, to be held ,ia herein;_r-.iiuv, Ip’e-cih itig catife of ailutibling, to be polled on pate of ruiid, e'cc.

He thirtieth Year of George III.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever any of the said commissioners herein appointed by name shall happen to die or relign, it shall he lawful for the remaining commissioners, or any

seven or more of them, on the first Tuesday in any month, to elect a person to he a commissioner in his Head, and To as often as a vacancy shall happen, by the death or resignation of any person so chosen.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall assemble at twelve o’clock at noon, on the first Monday after the passing of this act, at the city of Kilkenny, cr in case of failure thereof, on the Monday next succeeding, and shall at such meeting elect by ballot, from among the said commissioners, five persons to be directors for the superintending and managing the said road, and for transacting all business relative to the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case of the death or resignation of any directer, or in case any director chosen pursuant to this act, shall neglect or refuse to execute his trust, by refusal in writing under his hand and seal, or by not attending at some one meeting of the directors, during the first two months after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any seven of them, to choose by ballot, from among the said commissioners, one person to be a director in his place, and so as often as the case shall happen, fourteen days previous notice being given of the meeting in some public paper, ami being also polled on each pay-gate, specifying that such meeting is to be held for the election of a director.

VI. And be it enacted, That seven commissioners shall he nc-ccllary to constitute a meeting of the said commissioners, and that the act of the majority of seven, legally convened, shall he the act of, and binding upon the said commissioners.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners to adjourn any meeting, from time to time, and from place to place contiguous to, or convenient to the said road.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for any seven of the said commissioners, by notice in writing under their hands, at any time, to call a meeting of the said commissioners, to he held either in the city of Kilkenny, town of Clonmel], or in some other convenient place contiguous to the said road, such notice specifying the catife of act'enibling the commissioners, and being polled upon the several gates on the said road

The thirtieth Year of ' George III. <5 k.

road seven days previous to the time appointed for such meet- A.D. ing. *79°-

IX. And be it further enacted, That every director who shall be elcded pursuant to this act, shall, before he shall act as such, Every ditake and fiihierihe an oath in the words following, before one of the commissioners afore-mentioned, who is hereby empowered to uli'- ;, Kl lub’

fenbe the

administer the lame. fuilowing

oath.

I A.B. do fiacar, I bat I will well and truly discharge the duty O*11*-of a director of the road, from the city of Kilkenny to the town of Cion melt, and thence to the bounds of the county of Cork,- according to the bcjl of my skill, without favour or malice; and that I will account faithfully with the commissioners of the said road for all money received by me as a dir eld or; and that I will, as far as in me lies, endeavour to appoint competent and proper supervisors of the said road, to act under the directors of the said road.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said directors, or any or®1lJctjtl"’ three of them, shall, as soon as they conveniently can after they <h«n, »s r;,u" shall be elected and [worn as aforesaid, meet at some place con- after they venient to the said road, and shall have power, from time to time, to choose any proper persons, not exceeding two in number, to to meet met he supervisors of the fitid road, and to appoint salaries for such ft'n o'pufoin supervisors, not exceeding in the whole to any one supervisor the sum of twenty pounds in the year, and that the number of ptrrifori, attendances of every supervisor chosen pursuant to this act, shall taL'ic^im be ascertained by the oath of such supervisor, to be taken before any one of the said directors, which oath the said directors, or i fni>«v!for;

J r . uttemJancea

any one or them, are, and is hereby empowered and directed to t)f supervisor administer, and that any tiiree or more of the said directors

to be afi.Tr-rained by

alfemhled together shall have power, from time to time, to remove ca'h

& 1 ’ .3

any supervisor at the free will and pleasure of such directors, may remove a

and to appoint other supervisor or supervisors in the Head of such supervisor so removed; and in case of death or resignation, "l|oll, CT i . to appoint Other supervisor or supervisors in the (lead of such raft i.f death supervisor or supervisors so dying or rdigning. umfiyiniion.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every supervisor who shall Emj tube chosen and appointed by the directors pursuant to this act, taTc’Jdivb-shall, before he shall act as such, take and subscribe an oath in

the words following, to wit;

I A.B. do flemnly swear, that will honestly and diligently Oath. execute the office of a supervisor of the road, from the city oj Kil-. 4 L 2 kesny

20 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D. benny to the town of Clonmell, and thence to the bounds of the I ;ip- county of Cork', and that J will, according to the best of myjlill Chap. Vr- and knowledge, execute all lawful orders given to vie by the directors of the slid road-, and that I will, when called upon by the fail/ directors, or any three of them, account for al. money which shall be confided to me by the said dircSors, or by me received by virtue of this act.

So help me God.

Oath to lie

adim'mUticJ

by 3 diicC* turn.

Dui ics of

fiipcrviforaj

if fu-vr/ifur rriiiii. O’ yUa to'i'i

hikI 'v

em.wUtl Ik i ein, l.n fill jl l«'" evuy

3 ibroiiors r.u\

road tt.Ui 2

»d ere o!ic or !. ;>:y-

gau*.;

ati-l *or.r lui'l'!. !.;r.\ m urn a '.s'1.5-iioiilt, latent to C\UV IMtc

and iU't.and tin- following toll-:

Wlilcli oath any three of the said directors assembled together are lierehy empowered and required to administer to such super-visor.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the supervisors shall as often as required by the said directors, or any of them, attend on the said road, and shall fee jointly or separately, as shall be directed, that ail orders and works directed and ordered by the said directors, lie properly executed and performed, and shall make returns and reports when required, from time to time, to the said directors, of the Hate, nature, and circumstances of the said road, and iluill remove all nuis.inces, obllruflions, and encroachments on the said road, and shall lupcrintend all workmen and labourers working and labouring on the said road, and pay them their wages, hut iubjefl to the orders of the said directors, and each iupervisor shall keep a book containing a journal of his own proceedings and shall attend all meetings of the said directors and cemmi,boners if so required, and if any iupervisor shall refuse or neglect to perform his office of iupervisor as required by this act, and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of any two or more credible wimclles before any justice of the peace, every such Iupervisor shall forfeit the linn of five pounds for every such offence, to lie levied by distress and sale of such supervisors goods, by warrant under the hand and leal of such justice, rendering the overplus, if any, to such iupervisor.

X1:I. And be itfun her enacted, That any three of the said directors shall have itill power to divide the said road into two diviliuus, in (licit manner as they shall think proper, and to establish or erefl, or cattle to be erefled, one or more pay-gate or pay-gates upon and across any part or parts of the said road, and shall have power to build, hire, or rent a toll-house convenient to every Inch gate, and to demand and take in cadi of the said two divisions, by Inch person or persons as they or any three or more of them shall authorize thereto, the following tolls at every such gate, before any Iiorfe, mare, or gelding, alf, mule, cattle,

coach.

Tbs thirtieth Year of George III.

coach, chariot, landau, phaiton, cabridct, curlicle, chaiie, wsg-gon, cart, car, or other carriage, shall he permitted to go through the fame, that is to say, for every coach, landau, chariot, chaite, phteton, cabriolet, curticle, or chair, if drawn by fix horses, or other beads, or by more than fix, the sum of two findings and eight pence halfpenny; if drawn by four or lire horses, or otiicr beads, the sum of one dulling and seven pence haiipenny; it drawn by two or three horses, or other beads, the sum of one dulling and one penny, and if drawn by one horse or other head only, the sum of six pence halfpenny; for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, timber or other carriage not herein before charged, if the dreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof, dull be set on with counter-funk, fiat-headed nails, bolts, or ferews, and dull be four inches or more in breadth, the sum of one penny for every horse or bead drawing the fame, and if the dreaks or ilioeing of the wheels thereof shall be set on in like manner, and shall be less than four inches, but not less than three inches in breadth, the Ann of three halfpence for every horse or other bead drawing the fame, and if the dreaks or fliocing of the wheels thereof dull be set on in like manner, and shall he Ids than three inches in breadth, the sum of three pence for every liorie or other bead; drawing the fame, and if any of the dreaks or fliocing of any of the wheels of any such carriage shall he set on with high or sprig-headed nails, bolts, or ferews, cr with any nails, bolts, or ferevvs, not being counter-funk and dat-headed, the sum of one dulling for every horse or other bead drawing the fame; for every horse, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, laden or unladen, the sum of one penny; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the sum of twenty pence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or less number; for every drove of calves, iheep, lambs, or pigs, the sum of ten pence by the (core, and so in proportion for any greater or lei’s number.

XIV. Provided always, That for every car, whose wheels however narrow they may he, diall be formed and put on so as to turn round the axle-tree, and whole axle-tree dull he fixed so as not to turn round with the wheels, the Ann of one penny only, and no more, dull he demanded or taken at any such gate, for each horse or other bead drawing the fame, if the breaks or thoeing of such wheels be set on with counter-funk flat-headed nails, bolts, or ferews.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it diall he lawful for the said directors, or any three or more of them, to craft a pay-gate or pay-gates on the fide of the said road, across any lane or way

Vol. XV. ' 4M leading

for every coach, &c. dl.TATl |>y C) I.01 fes, or ether brail*, or I-v mote

if diawil I>y 4 or 5 stot fes, \c. the fem of i rt. 7j.I. if diau’ji by 3 or 3 hoiks See. ts. 1*1. if diawn by 1 horse, &e. 6*1.

for cveTywng-gen, See. not before charged, if as herein deferihed, id. for evoy ta.ift drawing fame j if a3 herein deferihed iM. for every Wall drawing fame; if as lioei.i deferihed, j.h for every hcait drawing fi-mr; and if as hcie-111 drier ibed, h. for wc»y beall drawing (anu*; for every Inn fc, fee. n!. nxerti Sic.

2od. a feorc

calves, S*r. lod. a fern*.

Tor every c.-r id. ottly each bcM.

dtnwit g l.imt->

if as In-rciM dvlcribed.

DircrWi may cure* i-;},y S w

fide nt oad, iVc.uii I !)it< if, lire to! !.r, ,ie.

322

A.D. 1790.

Cinp^.

ar.d rccc’vc ti.'U appoiui-cit by this sd:,

Tolls not to be p:ii(l more ilun <mce a day for l lie feme ceitlc amt carriage;

ticket to be produced;

ticket to be given gtatis by every collector, 5s. pc-unify no omission.

Payment of tolls to be levied by

(bllrcfs, in case of rc-fufal.

if not paid within days, dilltcfs (0 be fold.

Persons paffingr, as herein, without paving toil, or producing ticket,

or aflaiilt, fee. any collector of tolls}

The thirtieth Year of George III.

leading out of the said road, and to build, hire, or rent a toll-house for every such gate, and there to demand and receive such toils as are appointed by this act to he taken at any gate upon the said road, and that every such gate shall be deemed a pay-gate.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no person shall he liable to pay any of the said tolls more than once in the fame day, with the fame cattle and carriage in the fame division, but that every person after having paid such toll once, may during the remainder of the fame day, every such day to be computed from twelve o’clock at night to twelve o’clock the succeeding night, pass and re-pass toll free through every pay-gate in the fame division, with the lame cattle and carriage for which such toll shall have been paid, on producing a ticket denoting the payment of such toll, and containing such other matters as are herein required respecting the fame, which ticket every collector is required to give gratis on receiving the toll, upon pain of forfeiting five shillings for every omission or refusal, upon conviction before any justice of the peace of the county in which such offence shall be committed, or before any of the livid commissioners, every of whom are hereby authorized to examine into the fame, and administer oaths for that pttrpose.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall refuse to pay the toll payable by him or her in virtue of this act, it shall be lawful for the collector thereof, or person acting as such, to levy the same by distress of the horse or horses, or other beast or beads, carriage or carriages, upon which the toll is by this act imposed, or upon the goods or chattles of the person or persons who ought to pay the same, and such horse or horses, or other beast or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattles, may be detained until such toll shall be paid, with the reasonable charges of such distress, and if the same shall not be paid within four days, it shall be lawful for the collector or person acting as such, to sell the same, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, on demand, after payment of the said toll, and the full expences of the said distress, detinue, and sale.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall forcibly or wilfully go or pass with any horse, beast, or carriage through any pay-gate on the said road, without paying the toll by.this act required, or producing a proper ticket as aforesaid, at such pay-gate, or shall knowingly or designedly affatilt, interrupt, or obstruct any of the collectors or persons employed in collecting or receiving any of the said tolls, or otherwise, in the

execution

The thirtieth Year of George III. 323

execution of his or their employments of receiver or collector, A. IX or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to, or receive ,790-from any other person or persons any note or ticket with an intent to avoid the payment of any of the said tolls, or any c,r fnr?r. sc. part thereof, every person so offending, being convicted thereof 10

upon the oath of any one credible vitness before any justice of the peace, shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of 1 ten pounds, and it shall be lawful for every collector or person fee tny afling as such, and all other persons by him required to a (Tift in ,ul'>&c-that respect, to seize any horse or horses, or other bcaft or beads, carriage or carriages, with all goods thereon, and the driver or anj the dri-drivers, attendant or attendants thereof, and to bring them before "t"fOT any justice of the peace, who is hereby required to enquire into hi Wajuf-such offence, and if upon conviction before such justice, upon the oath of any credible witness, the party or parties complained '(f fj",a,ty a"’1 of, shall not pay such penalty, together with the toils that shall be paid, horfo, due, it shall be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby required jjfj!° by warrant under his hand and seal, to cattle the horse or horses, or other bcaft or beasts, carriage or carriages, or goods so distrained, to be sold for payment of the said tolls and penalties, and the charges of seizing and keeping the fame, and of such sale, rendering the overplus, if any, upon demand, to the owner or owners of the fame, or to the person or persons under whose care, or in whose possession respectively the fame was or were when so seized, as aforesaid, or if no sufficient distress shall have been ;f no fniSci. seized to commit such owner or owners, or other person or \Xx<i 'um~r

persons to the common gaol, there to remain without hail or

foil ant to

mainprize, until such hne and penalties, tolls and charges be pil. hkH

paid-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every ticket to be given r-X as aforesaid by any collector for any carriage which is subject to Ticktt. for different tolls in respect to the different breadths or shoeings of its wheels, shall truly specify the sum received, the number of horses or other beasts drawing the fame carriage, and the breadth of the wheels, that is to say, whether four inches or more, whether under four, and not less than three indies, or whether less than fliree inches, and also whether flat-lhod or fliod with high or sprig-headed nails, bolts, or ferews; and if any ticket shall nut specify all the said matters truly, the collector of the tolls at the r-nsl-j p. gate where such ticket shall have been given, shall forfeit the sum ;r, of five pounds for every such offence, upon conviction, by oath of one credible witness before any justice of the peace; and in calc «, of not paying the fame immediately, shall be committed by war-

A M 2 ' rant ,r 1:-’

1 1:1

334

A.D.

I-go. Clm-!. 44.

AnyiUrfCtnr, i<c. may Ho;*

<m faiti ro.ul any carriage* incept as herein;

vliofc wheels i:ot 4 Inches broad on the foie, 01 having large

headed nails,

if driver re-fnfe to produce ticket; or if ticket shall not certify, as herein,

and shall contain any other description.

Sic. hnrfe,

&c. may be seized, and demined until tolls paid}

if not paid within days fame may be

ibid*

Collector at any pay-gate may detain cats, Stc. whereon to)) varies, as herein;

fame power veiled in persons herein desertbed;

if driver, &c. hinder collector or other person to measure wheels j

The thirtieth Year of George III.

rant under llie hand and Teal of such justice to the common gaol or hotife of ccrrcftion, there to he kept to hard labour for the space of one month, or until the said fine shall be paid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the supervisor, or for any director or commissioner, or any magistrate, con fir.Me, or sub-constable, to flop, on any part of the said l oad, any cart, car, dray, waggon, wain, or other carriage, not being a coach, landau, chariot, chaise, phaiton, cabriolet, curricle, or chair, which shall have passed during the fame day through any pay-gate on the said road, whole wheels shall not be four inches in breadth cn the foie, cr shall have any large or sprig-headed nails in their streaks or shoeing, and to require the driver, or person attending the fame, to produce the ticket which lie or the shall have received at such pay-gate for the toll paid for the same; and if such driver or person shall neglect or refuse to produce such ticket immediately on demand, or if such ticket, when produced, shall not certifythe whole toll payable for the fame by virtue of this act, or shall contain any other description of the breadth and shoeing of the wheels than the truth, It shall be lawful for such person to fei/.e and distrain the said horse, or other bead, and carriage, with all the goods and chattles thereon, and such horse or horses, or other beast or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattles, may be detained, until the toll prescribed by this act for the same shall be paid, with the reasonable charges of such distress and detaining; and if the same shall not be paid within four days, it shall be lawful for the person who shall have seized, to sell the same, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner or driver, on demand, after payment of the said toll, and the full expences of the said difirefs, detaining, and falc.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every collector, or other person acting as such, shall have power to detain at any pay-gate every car, cart, or other carriage, whereon the toll payable varies according to the breadth of the fireaks, or shoeing of the wheels, and to measure the fame, and every supervisor, director, commissioner, magistrate, constable, or sub-constable, shall have the like power to Hop and measure the wheels of every such car or carriage, on any part of the said road; and if any driver, or other person shall hinder, or refuse to permit such collector, or such other person, to measure the wheels of any such carriage, and shall be convicted thereof upon the oath of any one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, every such person so offending, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be levied by

distress

The thirtieth Year of George III.

distress and sale of the said car, or other carriage, and the horse and horses, or other beasts drawing the fame, and the goods thereon, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus, if any, after deducting the said line, and the expellees of such distress and sale, to the owner on demand.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-i'ons whatsoever owning, renting, or occupying any land near unto any pay-gate eftahiished or erected, or to be defied in pursuance of this act, shall for gain, reward, or otherwise, knowingly or willingly permit any person or persons whatsoever to pal's through any gate, palt'age, or way, with any horse, head, cattle, or carriage, liable to toll on passing through any pay-gate on the said road, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and be thereof convicted, upon the oath of any one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, every such person shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings fur every such offence, to be levied by distress and sale of such offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, the charges in taking and dif-p.ofing of the said goods being first deducted.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it Hull be lawful for the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to appoint a treasurer, at a yearly salary not exceeding twenty pounds, and as they fludl Icc occasion to remove him, and appoint another person in his (lead, and to take from every person whom they shall appoint, such security as they shall think proper for his duly accounting for and paying a! money which he shall receive as tie;:finer, and for depositing the fame, from time to time, in Inch manner as they, or any seven or more of them shall, from time to time, direct, in the bank of Ireland, or in any other bank.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer shall attend the meetings of the said directers as often as he find! be thereunto required by any one or more of them, and shall keep such hooks of account, and in such manner as any three of the said dirtclois shall, irom time to time order, and that it shall be lawful for any three of the said directors to dilin.ifs any treasurer from his office, who shall negltcl to give such attendance, or to keep such hooks, or to give any information which may be required of him respecting his receipts and pacmemsas treasurer, or to deposit the whole, or any part of the balance in his hands in the bank, as oltcn as he (shall be ordered to to do by any three of the said directors.

\ ci. XV. 4 N

325 A.D. 1790. Chap. 44.

penalty jl to be levied l»y diflufs and sale of car, &r.

Persons having land near pay-gates, permitting persons to

pafi, as herein, to avoid payment of toll;

forfeit io.5. for every offence, to he levied l>y dif-irefji and sale.

C'ommifii-oners may appoint a trea-finer, at a ialatr not exceeding 20l. a year, ami may remove !.fm and appoint another, and take fc-cmity, as herein.

Treasurer toaituid meetings of directors when required, and ktrp books of account as directors shall order

2 d/icfinra

any mafrrer who fl-di tie-ghn to do a*, hetun.

salary not to cxcuri 2gI. per annum;

collector in pay ticafurer onci a month, or ofu-ner, if requited, and to ac-t.-.mu upon oath

if collector refuse or omit f» to do, ai d hi conv'CUd upon oath, to he committed to gaol until he fives in such i.comitit, a;i(i

on)iall mu-

Directors nn giving 14 dnyn notice in 2 Dublin pfipers mav Ksifc, &c. toils lor not lefi than 1, or more iImu 3 years j

provided always, as herein.

Like poucis

and 1 (};id.i tion'- 10 toll, except paying tua-

finer, ami

aceonidii’g to d.ucUnsi £0.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said directors respectively, or any three or more of them, to appoint as many collectors as shall lie necessary for receiving the tolls at tile pay-gates, at such laiary or wages as shall he approved of by them, not exceeding the rate of twenty pounds per annum for each; and every such collector shall pay the monies by him collected or received to the treasurer appointed by the said commissioners, once at lead in every month, and as much oftener as lie shall he theicunto required by any of the said directors or commissioners, or by the fupcrvilor, and shall also upon oath, if thereunto required by the said trealuier, or by any of the said directors or commissioners, which oath any one of the said directors or commissioners is hereby empowered to administer, give in, from time to time, a true, exact, and perfect account in writing of all monies by him rcllcdted or received by virtue of this act, or by reason oi his laid employment; and if any such collector shall relule or omit lo to do, and shall he thereof convicted, upon the oath of any one credible v.itness, before any justice of the peace, it shall he lawful lor such justice to commit Inch collector to gaol, there to remain without hail or mainpri/e, until he shall give in Inch account upon oath, and pay all Inch monies as he ilia'i have received for the said directors by virtue of this act.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said directors, or any three of them, may, if they think fit, and they are hereby empowered, on fourteen days notice being given inany'tuo Dublin papers lor that purpose, to lease or farm by the year, for any time not exceeding three years, nor leis than one year, the lolls by this act payable, lo any person or persons at or for the lai'gest yearly him that can he got lor the lame; provided always, that they he set by public cant, and that lie agreement he put into writing, and signed by the party taking the fame, and that the money he made payable monthly, and that proper security he given for the regular payment thercot, and that one month he paid in advance, and that every such agreement he approved of, and signed by three at lead of the said directors prclcm at inch cam.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed to receive the toll at any pay-gate on the said road, by any person or persons taking the fame by leak, shall have all and singular the like powers and authorities, and l.e (object to, and under all and singular the like regulations, penalties, and restrictions. as any collector appointed by the said directors can, or fliuil have, or

he

The thirtieth Year of George III.

be subject to by virtue of this act, except as to paying the tolls collected to the treasurer, and accounting for the same to him, or to the directors or eominiHioner§.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it any collector or toil-gatherer, whether appointed by the said directors, or by any perl'on taking any of the tolls by lease or enntradt, or any person acting as such, (Itall permit any carriage, horse, or head: whatsoever, to pals through any pay-gate without payment of the toll, payable for the fame by virtue of this act, or a proper certificate, as before directed, being produced therewith, and shall omit to seize such car, carriage, or beast, or shall delay to proceed to have the penalties levied as the law directs for fitch olfence, or shall omit to detain any car, cart, or other carriage, and prevent the p,ailing through the gate, after notice shall be given to him that the shiver thereof has ohllrudted the execution of this act in any rel’pedl, every pafon so offending shall, upon conviction thereof before any one justice of the peace, forfeit the sum of five pounds, and on non-payment thereof, shall be committed, by warrant under the hand and fcai of such jufiiee, to the common gael, or house of correction, there to remain without bail or tnain-prize icr any time not exceeding six months, or until the said line he paid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever, and as often as the said directors shall think it expedient to form a new line of road between any two points of the present turnpike road from the city of Kilkenny to the town of Clonmel!, and thence to the bounds of the county of Cork, for the purpose of Iborrening the distance, or avoiding hills, or for the greater convenience of travellers, it shall be lawful for them to depoiite, or cause to be deposited with tie treasurer of the county through vdiich fitch new road Until be proposed to be made, a map thereof, with a declaration thereon, ligned by three of the said directors at the least, letting forth their determination to lay out fuel) new' road of the breadth of sixty feet in the clear, and distinguishing the several town-lands and Itaronits through which the lame is to be made, and expressing the number of perches in length that such new road is intended to be carried through each town-land, and they shall also deposite, or cause to be deposittd with fitch treasurer an affidavit or affidavits, setting forth, that a copy of such declaration has been polled up on the door of tire county eourt-house, and that a like copy has been personally served on, or left at the house of every occupier of the ground through which fitch new' road is intended to be made, or in calc the residence of any occupier of

4 N 2 any

A.D.

179°*

Chap. 44.

v. ulltcW ojTu.ding as ]i< nils, to foitt.il 5).

on non-payment committed to gaol fot 6 month', or until ime paid.

Whm ill-returns think it expedient to make new lines of toads:

a (imp to hf depnlitcdwiih treasurer of county, with decimation, finned by 3 dtiiciors, lettirg fotth as hen in

itlfo a vii, felting full) 23 herein. to hrdt" p' fitetl with laid im

328

A.D.

17g°. Chap. 44.

Map. &c. to be kept optn for in* speftion, ami to be laid he* fore tht* coiot al next affixes, with ctrtili-cate on oath.

If map, Sic. were deported will) treasurer 31 days before affixes, (It* daratioti to he read in court)

if owner, &c. of ground np-griewd, may tiuverse for damage;, as herein.

Jury to give vmlift whether any, and

The thirtieth Year of George III.

any part of such ground shall not he known to the said directors, then that a like notice has been fixed up in a conspicuous manner on such part of such ground, and on the toll-gate of the road neared thereto.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every treasurer to whom such map, declaration, and affidavit or affidavits Hull he delivered, shall keep the fame open for the inlpcdlion of all persons whom the fame may concern, and Audi lay the fame before the com t at the next affixes field for fitch county, as the land shall he in through which such road shall he intended to be made, together with his certificate, tefiifying upon oath the day he received the same.

XXXI. And be it further curdled, That if it shall appear by such certificate, that such map, declaration, and affidavit or affidavits, shall have been deposited with such treasurer twenty-one days before the l-.rit day of Inch afiiy.es, the said declaration Avail lie read in open court, ant! if any owner or occupier of the ground through which fitch new road is to be made, shall think himl'elf or herfcli aggrieved therehv, in respect to Inch ground, fitch owner or occupier may traverse the fame for damages, by entering a traverse thereto with the clerk of the crown for damages at the1 fame affixes, which traverse find! he tried at the fame affixes, unit'll; good and fitfficient cause shall be shewn upon oath for not trying ir, then in which case it shall he tried at the affixes next immediately ensuing, and every such traverse shall be entered and tried in like manner, and like lccurity be given for profeeming the fame, as is uftial in the tale r.f a traverse of a

presentmein of a grand jury for laving out and making a new

road.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the jury who shall try any such traverse, shall true verdict give, whether any, and

to the person taking fuel) trave

vfrtltcl ron-rlulive;

inp |aid 01 (lepoliud w treasurer.

Vci fers,

t t'jnttfs witlulidUlU or 110 11 jvci fc enteral, Oitec'ton mr.\ priHTtnl t»

make tic w loaJ.

what damages will a such new road being made, which verdict shall be conclusive to such traverser, and upon the sum so found for damages bir.tg paid to such traverser, or deposited with the county treasurer for his or her use, and upon di Hah damages as Stall he found upon each traverse, which, tv.av be tiicd, being so paid or deposited, cr upon verdicts lotitul against the travellers, or upon each traverse which may have been entered being withdrawn, or not tried pursuant to this sdt, cr tt|'on no traverse being entered, it ihrk be lawful for the said directors, cr any three of them, or tuck j sr-lbns as they shall appoint, to proceed to lay cut an.! n . loll new road, without live interruption of any person wh..t . r.

XXXII!. . I

The thirtieth Year of George III. 3 -9

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said directors, A.D.

supervisors, collectors, and ail ether persons shall have all and 1790-singular the fame powers and authorities, and the like regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, shall affect and extend to every pair of Pome.of any new road laid out by the said directors, as are provided or ‘

enacted with respect to any part of the present road, and that every such map, declaration, and affidavit, shall he preserved rycy nv.p, among the records of the county with the trealitrer of the said i,m-,i

ifcoidsitf'

C0UlltT

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where

lictc rojil

the said directors shall alter the present road, by taking effi any U^al. u.jp unnecessary angles, or making a new line of road, they shall canfc a map of such parts of the nrefent road as shall in consequence l,c

* ‘ 1 wiili mufu-

thereof he discontinued by them as part of the turnpike road for mu

t-Iic use of travellers, to be deposited with the treasurer of the

county in which such parts shall be situate: and if the grand pisun!jury r ’ s . shall nut with-

jury of such county shall not within eight months from the tune in s muiulu

such map lltall be so deposited, present such parts to be kept open |*h

as a public road, every such part of the said old road as shall not hci>i <.|uni

he so presented shall be, and is hereby declared to be veiled in C«iy fnrli

the said directors for the benefit of the said road, and shall and

may be set or sold by the said directors, or any three of them, l,c M

and the rent or money arising therefrom, shall be applied by them

towards payment of the rents or purchase of such grounds as they "pjXda" '

may think proper to take by yearly rent, or to purchase for any of the purpnfes herein before mentioned.

XXXV. Provided always, That no such presentment for keep- j'J'r'nt'

ing open any such part of the present road shall be made by Wpmp "pan any grand jury, except upon an affidavit of two credible persons, who-can read and write, setting forth that such part of the road is necessary to be kept open, as a public road for the convenience lous who can

read and

ot travellers. wjitc.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if at any time there- jf at any after the grand jury of such county shall present the same to he ','iVcr b'imuI flopped up, it shall be immediately thereupon, and is hereby jyin>reunt declared to be vested in the said directors, without any further nM>|,.d up, aft done cn their behalf, as fully as if the fame never had been

u-.'itil hi di* rector*.

presented to be kept open.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the grand juries of such county, at any assizes, to present Y

any part of the said road, within their iefpedlive counties, to he »y I"111 >'f

11 ’ hid trad

widened to the width of sixty feet, upon the request of three of withitt cittm-te directors in writing, and an assit!

Vol. XV, 4 0

the directors in writing, and an affidavit, fwor-n before any two ,ol,t

(Jcnu) so 6o

jllfticcs as line-

33°

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

justices of the peace for such county, or before the court, by any 1790. two credible persons, that the part of the road so requested to be Chap 44. wjt]ened’is net of the width of sixty feet.

If owner,

XXXVIII. Provided always, That if the owner or occupier of may^faverse ’ d'e land where the said road is to be widened as aforesaid, shall for damages think himself or herself aggrieved by such presentment, it shall be lawful for such person to traverse the lame at the fame assizes for damages, and such traverse shall be tried then or at the next upon damages-, ensuing assizes; and upon all damages which shall be found by the depofiicdwitli jury who shall try such traverse, being paid to the traverser, or county trea- deposited with the county treasurer for -his or her use, it shall be

hirer, clircc*

tors may pro- lawful for the said directors to proceed in widening the fame, famt'" Wlden pursuant to the said presentment, without the interruption of any person whatsoever.

XXXIX. And whereas the tolls to be collected on the said

turnpike-road will not be sufficient to answer the several charges

thereon, and to repair and widen the said road, and form such

Dirt-aois new lines of road as may be necessary: be it further enacted, That

ocrafionaMy any three or more of the said directors shall and may, and are

to nnfc4cool. hereby empowered, from time to time, as occasion shall require, for repairing, 4 ‘

&c. to rail’e and borrow such sum and sums of money, not exceeding

in the whole the sum of four thousand pounds sterling, as they shall judge necessary towards repairing and widening the said road, or forming new lines of road in the place and Head of any part thereof, and defraying all charges which may be incurred by Miu for sums virtue of this act, and that for all such sums so to be borrowed, Iw'issueib' as" bills entitling the hearers to the amount of the sums therein speci-imm j fled shall be issued, and ligned by the treasurer for the time being, and signed by and sealed with the seals of three or more of the lulls in War said directors, and that such bills shall bear such interest from the r^.w.-'Tw date thereof, as shall be agreed upon between the said directors legal rate; and the lender or lenders, not exceeding the legal rate of interest by the hundred by the year, and that for such sum as shall intered to lw hereafter be borrowed by the said directors as aforesaid, there hirer on every shall be paid by the treasurer for the time being, by and with allhitwNov the order and direction of three or more of the said directors, on «-"l.outflf« every first day of May, and every first day of November, after the respective dates of such bills, to the holders thereof, out of the produce of the tolls of the said mad, such interest as shall be so agreed upon in full to the said days so appointed for the payment of such interest, without any fee or charge whatsoever, and free from all dedudions, defalcations, and abatements, until the principal lums therein mentioned be respedivclv paid at one

payment,

b'lls to be numbered xiiihmcU* <-%;

The thirtieth Year of George III. 331

payment, and that all such bills as shall be so issued and signed A.D. shall be numbered in arithmetical progression, beginning with 1790, number one, until the whole thereof shall be numbered; provided that no such bill shall be issued for less than fifty pounds, or for no bill to he more than one hundred pounds. !h"njoi!

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any part of the said ll,an interest, shall be behind or unpaid by the said treasurer for the space of seven days after any of the days so appointed for the part

payment thereof, the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or com-unpaid 7 day, missioners of the great seal, may upon a petition and affidavit ap- appointed^ point a receiver to receive so much of the tolls of the said road as may be necessary to pay such interest, and the receiver’s fees, and p°;»t a re-all reasonable costs attending such application, or may make such order for sequestering the tolls for the payment thereof, as to justice shall pertain.

XLI. And be it further enaflecl. That the tolls of the several Tolls to he gates on the said road, shall be applied in difehavge of the interest o^fcliarpITot' to arise upon such debentures as shall be issued for the said sum of four thousand pounds, or any part thereof, and that the said l.mvdmrflms directors, or any three or more of them, may expend from time rumirtcc!«:!i! to time such films of money as shall be received by the treasurers in the payment of the said treasurer’s salary, appointed as aforesaid, in erefling or repairing gates and toll-houses, fixing tables of the tolls, and fixing and lighting proper lamps at each gate, in erecting mile-stones, mile-posts, and direction-posts, paying toll, collectors and supervisors in the expences of surveys and valuations for widening, and' in widening the said road, and fencing it where widened, in forming new lines of road, and paying all costs attending the fame, in draining, forming, and gravelling, dressing, cleaning, or repairing the said road, and in rendering it more convenient for travellers, according to their discretion, and in laying up materials in convenient places for repairing breaches in the winter season.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the expendi- tJ^Jf ture of all such money, shall be accountable for upon oath before nrytobcac-

t counted fur

the said directors, which oath any of the said directors or com- upon oalli, missioners is hereby empowered to administev, specifying the 'IS lcrc:" particular manner in which every pait of it shall have been expended, and such account shall be laid before the said commiflfon-ers, together with a copy of all orders of expenditure made by the said directors, by being deposited with their ticaftrcr, once at the lead in every three months, and as much oftener as the said com- ir.mi!?, a,..i missioners, or any seven or more of them shall require. """jj' '*

4 0 2 XU!. Ar.d ‘

A.D.

79° Chap. 44.

Dirc&on may ptm'hase ground or houfr3 lor widening wad, &c.

Any yerson cntiuftrd with /cxycii(!ituiC| jint accounting within month after required, Forfeit double the sum-rc-qtsired to be accounted for;

upon nonpayment, -committed to gaol until forfeiture paid.

Supcivisor once a month to return upon ontli the ihue of road,con* dnft of gate-herpets, vc. whether tickets delivered have hern confoimable to this act, frc.

what ossem’cs, &c. la has observed, what penalties levied; dap he hr spefted road, and what pare thereof,

Supervisor may repair breaches, Sic, as herein} upon approbation of directors, and fupet visors oath of expence, directors may order payment by tteal'uter.

Pci foils appointed to make road, may raise gravel, Sc.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

xr.fll. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said directors, or any three or more of them, to purchase all such ground, house or houses, as may he necessary for widening the said road, or making new roads in place of any parts of the present road, or for depositing materials for repairing the fame, or laying up the ferapings and cleansing thereof.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person to whom the expenditure of any of the said money shall be cntrufl-cd by the said directors, shall not account for so much as he shall have expended of the fame in manner aforesaid, within one month after he shall be thereunto required by any one of the said directors, or of the said commissioners, he shall forfeit double the sum which he shall be so required to account for, and upon nonpayment thereof, shall be committed by warrant, under the hand and seal of the justice before whom he shall be convicted, upon the oath of any one credible witness, to the common gaol, or house of correction, there to remain until the said forfeiture be paid.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed supervisor of the said road, shall once in every month return to the said directors an account on oath of the Hate of the read, the conduct of the gate-keepers and overseers, workmen and labourers, lo far as the same shall have fallen within his observation, whether the tickets given to cars, carts, or other carriages passing through any of the pay-gates thereon, which he has examined, have been conformable to this act, or wherein they have differed., what nuisances, encroachments, or offences against this act he has found or observed respecting the said road, what steps he has taken to remove or remedy them, what penalties he has levied, and the several clays on which he has inspected the said road, and what part thereof he has inspected on each day.

XLVL. And be it further enacted, That every ftipervisor shall' have power to repair any hidden breaches or holes which he may have observed in any part of the said road, first receiving an order for the purpose from any two of the said directors, and the expence thereof shall be laid before the directors at their next meeting, and upon their approving thereof, and his making oath of the expenditure, and specifying the particulars thereof, they, or any three or more of them, may order the said expences to be paid by the treasurer.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed by any three or more of the said directors to make, gravel, repair, or iuperintend the said road, or any part of it, shall have full power

and

The thirtieth Year of George III.

333

anc! authority to tiig for, fc^rch, rail-?, and carry away any gravel, A.D. flows, i'and, or other materials which may he wanted for the I79°-use of the said road, and to make drains in order to cany oft vratcr from, or prevent its injuiing the said road, on or through anj make the lands of any person, not being a deer-park, orchard, hag-gard, yard, planted lawn, or avenue to a manhon-hotde, and that ‘ils every such person so appointed shall make satisiuflion to the owners fn'.isf.ntionto or occupiers of the land ibr the damage that may be done thereby, !*ZThTike in like manner, and under tire like regulations as is, are, or shall maimer as

° t t with id|u-d

be enacted with reipccl to damages done by overieers appointed to mainrs by the presentments of grand juries. grand jin i 17.

XLVill. Ami whereas it is necesljry for the further manage- tv, fan not

ment of the said road, that tiic drains along cither fide thereof ft’c llionld be under the controul of the said directors: be it further a..nn. »r -enacted, That it any person mall icour, uccpcn, l;il up, or widen tornr.acriifc any drain or ditch on the fide of any part of the said road, without the erder of tltc said directors, or any three of them, it shall be feu-c.!, »n-l lawful for any of the said directors to cause the same to be filled |); hiar.'i' up, or feoured, as the case may be, according to his discretion, P-1" and to levy the expence thereof by distress and sale of tltc goods of such person,

XI.iX. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall ifai.ypfi-build any house, or part of a house, within forty feet of the [",(.'^',1*, centre of the said road, except in a corporate or borough town, r,a "f or shall build any wall, or make any ditch, within thirty feet of cc: t in iiti’wn, the centre of the said road, or shall make or have any pallage iii,'.j,1 l-ju ;, or way from the said road into the lands adjoining, without plae-ing a gutter or arch underneath such way or passage, as deep as lac,- tu., a,i-the drain or ditch over which it is or fiiail be made, so as to allow all water which may at any time he therein full room to I'nicqiasilic

r t ii' 4rain,or bum

pais, or iiiall burn, or permit or limcr to be burned, on his or her i»r:<.ks,we<iK land, bricks or weeds, or vegetable substance, for allies, within one hundred feet of the centre of the said road, every such person ("> 51-fl.r.ll for every such offence, upon conviction thereof, by the oath of one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, or upon the view of such justice, forfeit the sum of five pounds; and if Winy cur, any person shall keep, or have in his or her possession, any cur- -era, wiiii'.ut dog, nialiiff, or bull-dog, at any house within fifty van’s of the "\s find road, without a bloek of wood of five pounds weight at the omi, least fattened to llie neck of every such deg, or shall winnow, or ,r ievpc, .,r lay out lor v, hmowing any corn on the find road, or shall lav any straw, dung, cr luhhifli thereon, or shall ferape the fame, or fl-.all lay the seeming or earth of any ditch or drain oil the said Uaj., v<;.

n i M: item*

Vol. XV

ix

The thirtieth Year of George III.

road, and let it be there for more than the fjiacc of twenty-roar hours, or shall leave on any part of the fame, between c-nclosure Quip. 44' and enclosure, or permit tc be left thereon, opposite or near to out rattle his or her hottfe, any carriage whatsoever, or any plough or Hs bfuke'"' harrow, without the horse or horses, or other bead or beads dowu j being harnefied thereto, unless such carriage as shall be accidentally broken down there, and cannot be removed without repair; or Hcul'ac!' *' 'f any persons shall (pread out any linen blanket or winnow doth vmliin ico within one hundred feet of the centre of the said road, or shall

feet of centre, 1

heat nr leave timber,

&c. or car-cafc ot a horse, or [kill fume within ico yards, except ea-clofut, or lead any car, fee. with

timber aciofs beyond wheel*, or diac timber

heat or dry any flax, or leave any timber, stones, sand, clay, lime, or other matter, on the said road, except for the use of the said road, or shall leave, or permit to be left, the carcase of any horse, or ether bead, or shall (kin the fame, or permit it to be (tinned on the said road, or within one hundred yards of the centre thereof, except in a house or yard endofed with walls, or shall lead or drive any car or carriage with timber, boards, or iron, laid across, so as that either end thereof shall project beyond the wheels or lides of the carriage, or shall drag any timber or mili-iloiics; or mill-stones along any part of the said road, without being supported by wheels from touching the fame, or shall erect any bulb, or pole, ligit-pofl, or inav-pole, or mav-bulh, on any part of the said road, every person so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit the furn of twenty shillings, upon conviction before any justice of the peace, by the oath of one credible witness, cr upon the view of inch justice.

L. And be it further enacted, That all dung, dirt, straw, rubbish, stones, grave!, fane!, or lime, which shall be laid on the said road, shall be, and is hereby declared to be forfeited to the said directots, and to be their Cole property, and shall be sold by them, or any of them, for the use of the said road, or otherwise dif-licrrcias draw, poled of by them as they shall think fit, and that if any person 'imaiubi'-’ nnt authorized by the said directors, shall draw away any part riK.l, may i,c thereof, such person shall be deemed to have feloniously (tolen

prt.fecuu-ri for 1

the fame, and shall be prosecuted and purtished as any person feloniously Healing like goods being the private property of another.

LI. Provided always, That no such person shall be sentenced to death or tranl'portation, or other punilltment titan fine, imprisonment, or whipping for the same.

LII. And be it further cnadied, That for every car-load of scouring or earth thrown out of any drain or ditch on the said road, v-1 ich shall have remained thereon twenty-four hours, and 'f laml to jay which shall be drawn away by the said directors, or their order,

forfeit 2 js.

All dung,

laid mi road, forfeited;

Pp‘

Ldi'nii'iifl)’ iltclinj;, fvc.

Sentence, line, iiitpri-foil* nr ill nr whipping,

T?nr every ciu-luad of le(.ur:ic rliHuvti on road, owner

!:>. for every

the

The thirtieth I'ear of George III. 335

the owner or occupier of the lend which Inch drain or ditch A.D. divides from the ("aid road, shall forfeit the sum of one fniiiing lor J 79°-every day the same shall have remained thereon, upon conviction in manner aforesaid. ' d.-.v Gr.ni: ita'.l

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every person whatsoever, to take and carry away, and convcit . trcIT P'r-

J 7 ’ foti may lake

to his or her own life, any corn which shall be laid on the ("aid avsycum

road for the purpose of being winnowed, or shall be winnowing c,"r ,f

thereon, or remain thereon after being winnowed, together with "!""r"l.,r’

’> e w.:!» l.ic»;-.

the sacks or winnowing cloths wherein the fame may happen to mi >!.,:!i>; be, and also all timber which shall be left on any part of the said j",‘!i"i!,l!n'. road, and shall have remained thereon for seven days, not having 7 days been brought or kept there by order of the said directors, or for I'y'.^oerVl' the ute of the said road, without the let, suit, trouble, or hin- ul,lUul1- , drance of any person whatsoever.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Surmivirms fill for the supervisors of the said road, or any of them, to pull r,u

down, or fill up, and level any wall, drain, or ditch, which shall

1 ' ’ diaiim. limit

be built or made, or began to be built and made after the passing m- mail.- alter

of this act, upon any part of the said road, or within thirty feet

of the centre of the said road, and to take tip any way or naflage yitiiin 30

’ ... . fitufmitic

from the find road into any field or land adjoining, which may,r,aj;

obstruct the free passage of water, and to remake the fame by

building a gutter or fewer, or arch therein, at a sufficient depth, l-f

0 D_1 water into

and to scour and clear away all obstructions which may happen the field, ac.

to be made in any drain for carrying away water from the said road, or for preventing its injuring the fame, and to pull down a flitter,.Vc.

° J ° 1 and full down

and remove any sign-post which shall be crested contrary to this any ti.-n in.il,

aft, firfk obtaining a warrant under the hand and seal of any

magistrate, or any of the directors or commissioners for so doing,

and to levy the expence thereof, by dillrcfs and saie of the goods and to levy

of the offender, or of the owner or occupier of the land wherein ll)r

such way, passage, or drain shall be, rendering the overplus, if

any, to the owner on demand.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Giand jury

ful for the grand jury at any assizes or (juaiter sessions, to prefont any house, or part of a house, or lime-kiln, to be pulled down, which shall be built contrary to this act, within their county, and that the expences of so doing, lie levied off the goods and chattles of the offender; and that it shall and may be lawful for a"y Perr'>!>

’ , may kill any

any person to kill any dog which shall be kept contrary to this act, dug In pi «-without being sued or prosecuted for so doing.

? 2

LVI. Arid

11 <*ry 10 tilth

act,

33 6

A.D. 1790. Chap. 44.

1

nr.ittiiK

ki: 5l. for cvciy omiiTi-

Drivers of

cars, Src. r«!ii»S thereon, tint I1.1v in" another to :-ni(ie fame, except as hcicin;

or interrupt* in,< pals.i^c of wtfiers,

or refute to make way,

offender, not beinj; owner of eairia^e, forfeit 10s.

if owner, 20s.

upon non-payment committed to gaol, or to

hard labour, not more than month, or until line paid

offender may be appiclieiul-ed by any person without a war-taiit, and delivered to a constable.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any fimervisor shall omit to apply for any such warrant for forty-.Tot hours after he shall be informed, or have seen any of the said offences rr matters, or having obtained such warrant, find! omit for forty-eight hours to execute the fame, unless prevented by the severity of weather, or shall omit to apply at the next ensuing sections or affixes for such presentment as aforesaid, or shall delay or neglect to seize, prosecute for, and levy any of the penalties (or offences against this act, which shall come or happen within Ins knowledge, view, or information, lie shall forfeit the sum of five pounds for every such omission, delay, or neglect, upon conviction thereof, before any justice of the peace, upon the oath of any one credible witnel's.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if the driver or person in care of any car, cart, dray, or waggon, or carriage, shall ride upon the fame on any part of the said road, not having feme other person on foot or on horseback to guide the fame, such carriages as are respectively drawn by one horse only, or two horses a-bread with bridles in their mouths, and are conducted by some person holding the reins of such bridles excepted, or it the driver or person in care of any carriage, shall by negligence or wilful misbehavtour, hinder, ohllrudl, or interrupt the passage of any other carriage, or any of his Majesty's fuhjefis on the said road, or if the driver or person in care of any empty or unloaded car, can, or other carriage, shall refuse or neglect to turn aside, and to make way for any coach, chariot, chaile, loaded waggon, cart, car, dray, or other loaded carriage, every (itch person being convicted thereof by his own confession, or by the oath of any one credible witnel’s before any justice of the peace, shall for every such offence, if such offender be not the owner of inch carriage, forfeit the sum of ten shillings, and if such offender shall he the owner of Inch carriage, he shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, and every such offender shall upon non-payment thereof, be committed by such justice to the gaol, or houl'e of correction, there to he kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, or untii the said fine he paid, and every such offender or person in care of such carriage, oiuutung in any of the said cases, may by the authority of this act, and without any other warrant, he apprehended by any person who shall fee such offence committed, and conveyed or dcliured to a conffaUc or other peace officer to be conveyed before tome justice of the peace.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or ersons shall refute or make forcible opposition against any person

or

The thirtieth Year of George III. 337

or persons employed in the due execution of this act, or shall A.D.

assault any collector of the tolls in the execution of his or their 1790-

eflice or offices, or shall make, or attempt to make any refeue of 44-

cattle, carriage, or other goods distrained or seized by virtue of I’ersons ic-

this act, or if any constable or sub-constable fl.all refuse or neglect I'loli' of

to execute any warrant granted by any just ice, or by any com- -a:

missioner or director pursuant to the directions of this act, every ,r coniUMt

such person offendiner therein, and beine; convicted thereof before 10

i o J o execute war-

any justice of the peace, by his or her own confsffion, or by the oath of one credible witness, ffiali for every fuels offence forfeit forfeit not any sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than forty shillings, 7cl! noi'Tf* at the discretion of such justice, and in case the same shall notl"s-immediately be paid, such justice is hereby empowered and required to commit such offender to the common gaol, or lsoufe of correction, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, tmless the said forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful N.it hnM for the said directors, or any of them, to make or accept of any xc-Vi J composition with or from any person whatsoever, for any of the tolls to he paid by virtue of this act.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the tniftces, commissioners, Trailers treasurer, cleric, and all persons acting under or by virtue of the said acts hereby repealed, shall deliver upon demand by' any two or more of the said directors, all books, papers, maps, and accounts no £ji iwots, respecting the said read.

LX'I. And be it further enacted, That all monies which shall All mmin have arisen, or may arise by virtue of the said recited acts, or jw)1,|,|c either of them, hereby repealed, and shall be payable to the truf- '

lees thereby appointed, or be ill their bands, or in the hands lit li.imlnl of their treasurer, together with all fecuvities for money due, or i,icr to be due to them as trustees of said Toad, shall be paid and |"'d':r lll's handed over by them or their secretary to the treasurer who shall be appointed by virtue of this act, and all such monies shall be to |)t nppi;cd applied towards the purposes of this’aft, in such manner as the of

said directors, or any three or more of them, shall think proper, diuAiirs and that any agreement or lease for setting the tolls of the said l" |m,per’

" 1 agreement or

road, or any part thereof, which may he made after the first; day kale for mils

of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, by the truf-

tecs appointed by the said acts, or either of them, shall he null scl-- ufur V 1 ’ i it Mar ip;o,

and VOld. null <nui void.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and all lines, forfeitures, impoftd for any offence committid against this act, the

Vol. XV. 4 Q_ manner »ml app-.

338

The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

manner of levying and applying which is not herein particularly 1790. directed, shall and may be levied by distress and laic rthe ofien-CJ^P- 44' ders goods, by warrant under the hand and leal 0! 'lie justice wliidi not before whom the offender shall be convinced, by the o:'h of one credible witness, or his or her own confeliion; and in case of he kvii.l by non-payment thereof, or of any line or penalty which shall be . r ’ imposed by the authority of this act, the offender shall be commit-

lit cafcofnon-

payment, of- ted by such justice, by warrant under his hand and leal, to the mittahogaoi common gaol, or house of correction, there to remain without for any nmc or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, or

not exceeding 4 J y ’

3 months, or until the said fine, forfeiture, or penalty be paid; and every such paid ;<mC’ C fine, forfeiture, or penalty, when paid, shall be applied by the fmes, )tc. to said directors, in aid of the tolls, towards the uses of the road,

be applied in aid of tolls, and rewarding informers,

&c.

and in rewarding the informer, or parties convicting, and the constables, or other persons assisting, or partly in one and partly in the other of the said ways, as to the said directors, or any four of them, shall seem proper.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That every justice of the peace shall have power within his jurisdiction to administer all oaths which are hereby required or directed, or which may be ne-celLry for the purpGfes of this act; and if any person shall take or subscribe any oath or affirmation prescribed or empowered to be taken by virtue of, or in pursuance of this act, or for the pur-polos o! carrying this act into execution, and shall wilfully affirm, or ‘wear fallcly therein, every such person shall, upon conviction, suffer the pains and penalties enacted against persons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where an oath is prescribed or mentioned in this act, the affirmation of the party, if he or flic be a quaker, shall and may be made or taken in the place of such oath.

Dist.cfs not

LXV. And be it further enacted, That where any distress shall panic, "imlT he made for any sum or funas of money to be levied by virtue of cd trespaiTcrj ti,js the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the

for want ot # 7

party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers on account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties distraining he deemed a trespasser or trespassers, til) inito, on account of any irregularity which shall he afterwards done by the party or parties distraining, hut the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity, may recover full satisfaction for the special damages in an action on the case.

Justices empowered to udniinilter oaths within jutifdidion;

persons wilfully fwc.ning

falitly under this act, to fuller as enacted agarnit petjuty.

Afitnnaiion of a qu.'ktr to be taken in place of oath.

form in pio-ccediitgs;

nor deemed uefpaflris ah iti!o ott account of inc-guhrity, persons aggrieved may lecover damages by an niliuti on the case.

The thirtieth Year of George III. 339

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall he deemed, A.D. adjudged, and taken to be a public act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by ail judges, justices, and other persons what- A public act. soever, without specially pleading the same.

CHAP. XLV.

An Act for reviving and continuing fever a/ Temporary Statutes.

WHEREAS the several temporary statutes herein after mentioned, are found to be of general use, and fit to be continued, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act made in this kingdom 8G. i.for in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the lirft, entitled. An act for the tetter and more effectual appre-bending and transporting of felons, and others, and for continuing m- ulin.- 1,-ms and amending several laws made in this kingdom for fippreffing1'^"^ lories, robbers, and rapparccs, and also to prevent his Majesty's fibjeEls from cnlifling in foreign service without his Majests license; «£ fut-jcAi as also so much of one other act made in the third year of his ' 8

late Majesty, King George the second, entitled, An act for the more effectual preventing, and further punishment of forgery, perjury, 1 "> art "f fubor nation of perjury, and to make it felony to f.cal bonds, notes, CTCVt:n<r or other securities for money, and for the ejftBual transporOng felons, vagabonds, and others, as relates to the transporting felons, vaga- tim/puitaion bonds, and others, and all and every the powers, penalties, and wiiiiain-’.a-'" provisoes therein contained, with the alterations and additions made by the statute of the ninth year of his said late Majesty King9G-*- George the second, entitled, An act for continuing and amending several temporary fatutes, now near expiring, be further continued continued 10 to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand l'even hundred and ninety-six, and to the end of the then next session of par-""l liament.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act passed in this kingdom in the fifth year of the reign of his late 5 , Gi. f".r

J ° rcsnUum uf

Majesty King George the second, entitled, An act for the better

regulation and government of feavien in the merchants service, which said act was continued by an act of the twenty first and twenty- cuutimud by

/ 21 & 32 Li 3.

second years of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for reviving

4 Q_a continuing.

Chap. 45.

further continued i« 24. June 1796, and end of next felnon.

Coal aft,

11 G. 3.

continued by 21 k 21 G. 3.

further continued to 24 June 1796, andendef next session.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

continuing, and amending several temporary Jlatntcs, be further continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and to the end of the then next session of parliament.

III. And be it drafted by the authority aforesaid, That an act pa fled in this kingdom in the eleventh year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to prevent combinations to raise the price of coats in the city of Dublin, which act was continued by an act: made in this kingdom in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his said Majesty, entitled, An act for reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary flalutcs, be further continued to the twenty-lourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and to the end of the then next session of parlia-

i;&i£C-3. to prevent tumultuous ri* iiilgs, &c.

continued and iiinciuUd 17 & XII C. 3.

and by 19 & 20 G.'3 revived and continued to 24 June 1796, 'tinJ end id next ftllion.

Act 17 & 18 G. 3. for elUbltfliing % militia,

continual by 21*22 G.3.

futther continual to 24 June 1796. anti end of next session.

Act 17 l S G. 3. for prefriv.it i»ii of li ill in ti'

VflS. *c.

continual to 24junc and cud of next iefiiuu.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act pa (led in this kingdom in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to prevent and punish tumultuous > fugs of persons within this kingdom, and for other purposes therein mentioned, which laid aft was continued and amended by an act passed in the seventeemh and eighteenth years of his pre-ieiit Majesty, entitled, An act for reviving and continuing several temporary Jlatntcs, and further continued by an act passed in the nineteenth and twentieth years of his present Majesty, together with the elaulcs added to it by way of amendment, by the said recited act of the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his present Majesty, be revived and continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and to the end of the then next session of parliament

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act made in this kingdom in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for establishing a militia in this kingdom, which was continued by the act of the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary Jlalutes, be further continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and to the end of the then next session of parliament.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act made in this kingdom in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for the better pre-fervation of fjh in rivers, lakes, and inland -waters, he continued

i, to the twenty-fourth day of June, or.c thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and to the end of the then next session of parliament.

The thirtieth Year of George III. 341

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an A. P. ail passed in this kingdom in the eleventh and twelfth years of *790-his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the further preventing delays ofjstflice, by reafin of privilege of parliament, and which hath Act u been continued by several temporary statutes, be further continued ,*re»eui1iig°r to the twenty-fouith day of June, one thousand seven hundred J"r'

and ninety-six, and to the end of the then next session of par- fuuhcr comi-

r r.ml to 24

liament. 7<;fC

VIII. And be it further enacted, That an act passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his present Majesty, entitled, Act 17 & An act for continuing and amending an aB pafed in the fourteenth comiiimiig* year of his present Majesty, entitled, yin aB to prevent malicious "1^"""^ cutting and wounding, and to pnuish offenders called chalkers, be of >4 G. 3. continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven j+lu'ileVjsS, hundred and ninety-six, and to the end of the then next session

of parliament.

IX. And be it further enacted, That an act passed in the eleventh Quarantine year of his present Majesty, entitled, yin aB to oblige fsips more effectually to perform quarantine, and for the better preventing the

plague being brought from foreign parts into Ireland, and to hinder the spreading of iif Bion, be, and the fame is hereby made perpetual.

X. And be it further enacted, That an act passed in the twenty- Aa 21 & first and twenty-second years of his present Majesty, entitled, An belief..f tl‘°-act for the relief of fserifs, from whom prisoners in execution fir "!*> "'f debt fall escape in their removal, by virtue of writs of habeas F corpus, infinch cases where fserfsfisall ajpear to have been guilty

of no neglect or default, be, and the fame is hereby made perpetual.

XI. And be it further enacted, That an act passed in the first ' G. 3. for

year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for pre- twn'i"'8 ’ venting frauds in the vending, preparing, and administering drugs f*’ ^'c_ and medicines, be, and the fame is hereby made perpetual. wal.

XII. And be it further enacted, That an act passed in the thirty- 33 G. 2.

third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the second, entitled, yin aB fir reviving and amending an aB passed in " p'-'-

the twenty-third year of his present Majestys reign, entitled, An atn,

aB for amending, continuing, and making snore effectual the fivcral acts now of force in this kingdom for the snore easy recovery tithes, asul other cCclcfwJlical dues cf fsna/l value, and alfifir the Gf.ira, snore easy providissg a snaintessasice for parish clerks, so far only as the fame relates to the more easy providing a maintenance for parish clerks, and to encourage the building Gf new churches, he, chmci f-,

4R

and cud of «ext session.

t Aft 11

' n G.3. to prevtnt frauds commuted by bankrupts, and U) and 20 G. 5. and such elaufes of 17

& 18 G 3. to exclude traders from benefit, &c. who do not keep regular books,

and for continuing said law, and for other purposes, a-t are not repealed by an act of the present fcfEoii, Src. continued to 24 June 1796, ami to end of fiCSt fejllOIK

The thirtieth Year of George III.

and the fame is hereby continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and to the end of the then next session of parliament.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That an act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of iiis present Majesty, entitled, An act to prevent frauds committed by bankrupts; and also an act passed in the nineteenth and twentieth years of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to explain an act, entitled, An act to prevent frauds committed by bankrupts; and also stich elaufes of an act passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to exclude traders from the benefit of an all, entitled, An off to prevent frauds committed by bankrupts who do not keep regular books of account, and for continuing the said law, and for other purposes as are not repealed by an act passed in this present session of parliament, entitled, An act to repeal certain elaufes passed in the seventeenlh and eighteenth years of his present Majestys reign, entitled, An act to exclude traders from the benefit of an all, entitled, An act to prevent frauds committed by bankrupts who do not keep regular books of account, and for continuing the said law, and for other purposes, be continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CHAP. XLVI.

An Act for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from Kinnegad to Athlone.

[Preamble.]

'IT T WHEREAS the present laws are insufficient for keeping W the said road in repair: be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present pariia-7 G. 2. for ment assembled, and by die authority of the same, that an act ftom^fn^ Pafl"ed ‘n *he seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King sail to Ath- George the second, entitled, An act for repairing the road leading from the town of Kinnegad, in the county of Wefmealh, to the town and 3 G. 3. of Athlone, in the said county; and also an act passed in the third a" &a'"a )'ear of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An offfor reviving, continuing, and amending an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the second, entitled, An allfor repairing the road leading from the town-of Kinnegad, in the county of

Westmealb,

The thirtieth Year of George III. 343

Westmcdth, to the town of Athlone, in the j'aid comity, be, and A.D. the same are hereby repealed, and made null and void, except 179°-such parts thereof as repeal any act or acts therein respectively re-

Cited. repealed, ix-

II. And belt further enacted, That the carl of Belvedere, lord baron Kilmain, the honourable George Frederick Nugent, com- ]_

monly called lord viscount Delvin, the honourable Robert Roch- "H'".1"1

J a aiimiultioiiers

fort, the right honourable fir Lucius O Brion, William Smyth, ofiond. esquire, William Handcock, esquire, fir Richard St. George, baronet, Gustavus Handcock Temple, esquire, fir Edward Crofton, baronet, George Clibborn, esquire, Robert Garden, esquire, James Middleton Berry, esquire, the honourable James Browne, Francis Longworth, esquire, Charles 'Sterne, esquire, Mr. Anthony Robinson, Thomas Lloyd, esquire, William Jones, Marcus Tuitc, captain Drought of Moatgrenoge, Samuel Lowe, esquire, William Medgely, esquire, reverend Thomas Faulkner, Samuel W.

Handy, esquire, William Fleetwood, -esquire, Thomas Cooke, esquire, Mr. William Sproule, Francis Faulkner, lenior, esquire,

Francis Faulkner, junior, esquire, Mr. John Copperthwaite, Mr.

John Adamson, George Lambert, esquire, Gustavus Rochfort, esquire, Thomas Fauce, esquire, Peter Marsh, esquire, Hartley Hodson, esquire, John Clibborne, esquire, Joflvua Clibborn, esquire, Henry Pilkington, esquire, Thomas Hodson of Hodlon-Bay, esquire, Abraham Pilkington, esquire, Lewis Rochford, esquire, fir Robert Hodson, baronet, Benjamin Smyth, esquire, John Smyth, esquire, David Jones, esquire, John Jones, esquire, Robert Dillon, esquire, Henry Robinson, esquire, reverend James Firing-ton, George Bonning, Meade Dennis, John I.owe, John Rochford, James Nugent, captain Berry, Loftus Cubbage, Thomas Robinson, Henry Russell, and James Clarke, be, and they are hereby appointed commissioners of the said road from Kinncgad

to Athlone.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever any of the said \vi>cn srj commissioners herein appointed by name shall happen to die or of.!?'1,1 corV.

11 J 11 tntilimiiTb the

resign, it shall be lawful for the remaining commissioners, or any w «-seven or more of them, on the first Tuesday in any month, to 3:,*' cleft a person to be a commissioner in his (head, and so as often lrt',?V.VlhEr

r ’ Oil ill 1 HIT*

as a vacancy shall happen, by the death or resignation of any <i-'y person so chosen.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners Cwmi.ifii. shall assemble at twelve o’clock at noon, on the ill'll Monday

after the passing of this act, at the parliament-house in the cily !«. 5 <ii-of Dublin, or in case of failure thereof, on the Monday next 4 R 2 succeeding,

344 ’The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

succeeding, and shall at such meeting cleft by ballot, from among I79°* the said commissioners, five persons to be directors for the superintending and managing the said road, and for transacting all business relative to tire fame.

In case of (U'atli, or rc-Jtei.atioti of any iliuftor; jot if any <li-n-stor neglect or refute to CKCCUtC Ids tiull,

commiflinn-trt, or any 7 of them, to chonfc ano-

V. And be it further enacted, That in case of the death or resignation of any directer, or in case any director chosen pur-fitant to this act, shall neglect or refule to execute his trull, by refusal in writing under his band and seal, or by not attending at some one meeting of the directors, during the lirft two montliB after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful for the said coin-missioners, or any seven of them, to choose by ballot, from among the said commissioners, one person to be a director in his

ther by ballot; 14 days notice lo lie gi--ven in a public paper, and

polled oil each pay-gate.

7 commis-fioiters titccffary to con-ititutea mcct-ii'KJ

the act of the niajoritybind-ing.

Commissioners may adjourn from time to time, and place to place, &e.

Any 7 of said commissioners may call a meeting, to he held as herein; nolice, spe-eifying cause of aflcmhling,

place, and so as often as the case shall happen, fourteen days previous notice being given of the meeting in some public newspaper, and being also polled on each pay-gate, specifying that fitch meeting is to be held for the election of a director.

VI. And be it enacted, That (even commissioners shall be necessary to constitute a meeting of the said commissioners, and that the act of the majority of seven, legally convened, shall be the act of, and binding upon the said commissioners.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners to adjourn any meeting, from time to time, and from place to place contiguous to, or convenient to the said road.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for any seven of the said commissioners, by notice in writing under their hands, at any time, to call a meeting of the said commissioners, to be held either in the town of Kinnegad, town of Athlone, town of Moatgrenoge, Kilbeggan, Tyrrelspals, or in some other convenient place contiguous to the said road, such

on gates'!?11 not'ce specifying the cause of assembiing the commissioners, and load, &o. being polled on the several gates on the said road seven days previous to the time appointed for such meeting.

E*ciy di-

IX. And be it further enacted, That every director who shall lie nci>, to he elected pursuant to this act, shall, before he shall act as such, I'edli "'t'li/"1>" t‘l^ce all(l subscribe an oath in the words following, before one of following the commissioners afore-mentioned, who is hereby empowered to administer the same.

Oaih. I A.B. do swear, that I 'will well and truly discharge the duty

of a dircBor of the road, from Kinnegad to Athlone, according lo the best of my fill, without favour or malice; and that will account faithfully with the commissioners of the said road for all

money

The thirtieth Year of George III. 345

money received by me as a direBor; and that I will, as far as in me A.D. lies, endeavour to appoint competent and proper supervisors of the said 179°-

road, to alt under the directors of the said road.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said directors, or any 1)m'au"’

'or any 3 of

three of them, shall, as soon as they conveniently can after they them, at, i\»cm shall he elected and sworn as aforesaid, meet at some place convenient to the said road, and shall have power, from time to time, M1,c;r,ca"

1 t ’ ' fd an« (worn,

to choose any proper persons, not exceeding two in number, to tnmcuaml be supervisors of the said road, and to appoint salaries for such foilpi>?’r»ns

supervisors, not exceeding in the whole to any one supervisor the

sum of twenty pounds in the year, and that the number of pervifors,

attendances of every supervisor cholen pursuant to this act, shall falar^iiot1

be ascertained by the oath of such supervisor, to be taken before e*«Itngjol.

‘ ‘ ... a >i*r to any

any one of the said directors, which oath the said directors, or 1 supervisor j

any one of them, arc, and is hereby empowered and directed to of fu[Krvifur

administer, and that any three or more of the said directors

assembled together shall have power, from time to time, to remove oaih;

any supervisor at the free will and pleasure of such directors, may^emovea

and to appoint other supervisor or supervisors in the (lead of f'lpervisor,

1 r 1 1 and appoint

such supervisor so removed; and in case of death or resignation, another,

to appoint other supervisor or supervisors in the (tead of such case of death supervisor or supervisors so dying or reflgning. orresignation.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every supervisor who shall Every fu-he chosen and appointed by the directors pursuant to this act, JX'^nd rut>-shall, before he shall act as such, take and subscribe an oath in ,fc*e ,he f,ol‘

lowing oalb.

the words following, to wit;

/ A.B. do folcmtdy swear, that I will honesty and diligently oath. execute the office of a supervisor of the road, from Kinncgad to Athlone; and that I will, according to the befi of my skill and knowledge, execute all lawful orders given to me by the directors of the said road-, and that I will, when called upon by the said direBors, or any three of them, account for all money which shall be confided to me by the said direBors, or by me received by virtue of this aB.

So help me God.

Which oath any three of the said directors assembled together Oath to he are hereby empowered and required to administer to such super- by'3'di,"'-vifur. to,i-

XII. And be it further enacted, That the supervisors shall as Duties of often as required by the said directors, or any of them, attend on u‘,el'1 Vol. XV. 4 S the

346‘

A.D. 1790.Chap. 46.

jffupcrvisor refuse or nc-glefl. to do his duty, and l»c convicted as herein, forfeit 5l. for every offence.

3 directors may divide road into 2 divisions, and credi one or more pay-gates

and may build, hire, or rent a toll-

house, convenient to every gate;

:md demand the following tolls;

for every coach, &c. drawn by 6 horses. or other bealts, or by more thane,2-.sM. ifdiawn by 4 u! 5 horse.i, &c. the fym of is 7jd.

if (hawn by 2 tir 3 hoif.

Ac. ts. ,.| if tlrawn by

I horse,

for evert waggon. ive. not Iviore «.liatg-

it!, it l.ri-wi dcLidieil.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

the said road, and shall fee jointly or separately, as shall be directed, that all orders and works directed and ordered by the said directors, be properly executed and performed, and shall make returns and reports when required, from time to time, to the said directors, of the (late, nature, and circumstances of the said road, and shall remove all nuil'ances, obstructions, and encroachments on the said road, and shall superintend all workmen and labourers working and labouring on the said road, and pay them their wages, but subject to the orders of the said directors, and each supervisor shall keep a hook containing a journal of his own proceedings, and shall attend all meetings of the said directors and commissioners if so required, and if any supervisor shall refuse or neglect to perform his oflice of supervisor as required by this act, and shall he thereof cnnvidled by the oath of any two or more credible witness'es before any justice of the peace, every such supervisor shall forfeit the (urn of five pounds for every such offence, to be levied by distress and falc of such supervisors goods, by warrant under the hand and leal of such justice, rendering the overplus, if any, to such supervisor.

1 XIII. And be it further enacted, That any three of the said directors shall have full power to divide the said road into two divisions, in such manner as they shall think proper, and to establish or erect, or cattle to be erected, one or more pay-gate or pay-gates upon and across any part or parts of the said road, and shall have power to build, hire, or rent a toll-house convenient to every such gate, and to demand and take in each of the said divisions, by such person or persons as they or any three or more of them shall authorize thereto, the following tolls at every such gate, before any horse, mare, or gelding, afs, mule, cattle, coach, chariot, landau, phreton, cabriolet, curricle, chaifc, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, shall be permitted to go through the lame, that is to say, for every coach, landau, chariot, chaifc, phrrton, cabriolet, curticle, or chair, if drawn by fix horses, or other beads, or by more than fix, the sum of two shillings and eight pence halfpenny; if drawn by four or five horses, or other heads, the sum of one shilling and seven pence halfpenny; if drawn by two or three horses, or other beads, the sum of one shilling and one penny, and if drawn by one horse or other head only, the sum of six pence halfpenny; for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, timber or other carriage not herein before charged, if the dreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof, shall be set on with cottviH r-funk, fiat-headed r.acts, bolts, or (crews, and Iliad L,. inuv inches or more in breadth, the sum of enc pcnr.v for

The thirtieth Year of George III. 347

every horse or beast drawing the fame, and if the (treats or llioeing of the wheels thereof shall be set on in like manner, and shall be less than four inches, but not lcfs than three inches in breadth, the sum of three halfpence for every horse or other beast drawing the fame, and if the streaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof shall be set on in like manner, and shall be less than three inches in breadth, the sum of three pence for every horse or other beast drawing the lame, and if any of the streaks or ihocing of any of the wheels of any fuel) carriage shall be set on with high or sprig-headed nails, bolts, or ferews, or with any nails, holts, or ferews, not being counter-funk and flat-headed, the sum of 011c shilling for every horse or other beast: drawing the fame; for every horse, mare, gelding, als, or mule, laden or unladen, the sum of one penny; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the sum of twenty pence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or less number; for every drove of calves, ihecp, iambs, or pigs, the sum of ten pence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or less number.

XIV. Provided always, That for every car, whose wheels however- narrow they may he, shall he formed and put on so as to turn round the axle-tree, and whole axle-tree shall be fixed so as not to turn round with the wheels, the sum of one penny only, and no more, shall be demanded or taken at any such gate, for each horse or other bead drawing the fame, if the streaks or (hoeing of fitch wheels be set on with counter-funk flat-headed nails, bolts, or ferews.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said directors, or any three or more of them, to erc£l a pay-gate or pay-gates on the fide of the said road, across any lane or way leading out of the said road, and to build, hire, or rent a toll-house for every fitch gate, and there to demand and receive such tolls as are appointed by this act to he taken at any gate upon the said road, and that every such gate shall he deemed a pay-

id. for every beall drawing fame; if as herein described i|d. for every beast diavv-ing fame; if as herein defcrihetl, 3d. for every beast drawing fame; and if as herein described,'

I s. for every bead drawing fame; for every horse, &c. id. oxen, &c. 2od. a score; calves, &c\ lod, a score.

For every car id. only for each beast drawing fame, if as Iiereiu drfciihcd.

Directors may tied pay-gates on fide of road, &c.and build, hire, or rent a toll house, anti receive tolls appointed by tins ad.

gate.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be liable Tall,not

to pay any of the said tolls more than once in the fame day,

with the fame cattle and carriage in the fame division, but that ®nre*ll,a>'

t n 1 fur the (amt

every person after having paid Inch toll once, may during the cattle and

remainder of the i..mc (lay, every such day to be computed from ca,ras‘'

twelve o’clock at night tb twelve o’clock the succeeding night,

pals and re-pats toll free through every pay-gate in the fame

dh 'ton, with the fame cattle ami carriage for which such toll

shall have been paid, on producing a ticket denoting the payment

4 5 2 of

348

The thirtieth Year of George III.

levied by distress, in case of rc-fufal,

A.D.

of such toll, and containing such other matters as are herein re-1790. quired respecting the fame, which ticket every collector is required to give gratis on receiving the toll, upon pain of forfeiting five ticket 10 he shillings for every omission or refusal, upon conviction before any by'eJrToil- justice of the peace of the county in which such offence shall he leflor, 5s. pe- committed, or before any of the said commissioners, every of

natty on ’ /_11

omission. whom are hereby authorized to examine into the fame, and administer oaths for that purpose. t Payment of

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall refuse to pay the toll payable by him or her in virtue of this act, it shall be lawful for the collector thereof, or person acting as such, to levy the same by diilrefs of the horse or horses, or other beast or hearts, carriage or carriages, upon which the toll is by this act imposed, or upon the goods or chattles of the person or persons who ought to pay the same, and such horse or horses, or other beast or hearts, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattles, may be detained until such toll shall be paid, with the reasonable charges of such distress, and if the same shall not he paid within four days, it shall he lawful for the collector or person acting as such, to sell the same, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, on demand, after payment of the said toll, and the full expences of the said distress, detinue, and Sale.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall forcibly or wilfully go or pass with any horse, beast, or carriage through any pay-gate on the said road, without paying the toll by this act required, or producing a proper ticket as aforesaid, at such pav-gate, or shall knowingly or designedly affiudt, any collator interrupt, or obstruct any of the collectors or persons employed in ’ collecting or receiving any of the said tolls, or otherwise, in the

execution of his or their employments of receiver or collector, or forgo, Sc. or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to, or receive avoidin'-1° from any other person or persons any note or ticket with an intent to avoid the payment of any of the said tolls, or any part thereof, every person so offending, being convicted thereof upon the oath of any cue creuihle witness before any justice of the peace, shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay the lute of

non

if not paid within days, difliefsto be fold.

Persons paffuig, as herein, without paying toll, nr producing ticket,

or a (Fault, &c.

avoid pay tnent; penalty io1«

collector,kc. ten pounds, and it shall be lawful for eveiv collector or per m..y wt an, a(q;ng as pucjlj anj a|| other persons by him required to a fid in that respect, to seize any horse or horses, or other beast cr hearts, carriage or carriages, with all goods thereon, and tl-.c driver or drivers, attendant or attendants thereof, and to bring them be!ore any justice of the peace, who is hereby required to enquire into such offence, and if upon conviction before lueh julliec, uj on the

hottV, $:e.

ami thetbi vets, and bring them hcfiiK* a j'if

rice;

The l-L'irini/j Year of George III. 349

the oath cf any credible witnofr, the party or parties complained A.D. of, ilia! not pay (itch penalty, together with the toils that shall he r790-due,.it shall he lawiui for fuel; instiee, and he is hereby required by warrant tmi’.cr his hand and i'eal, to cause the horse cr liorfcs, if penalty *n*t or oti-.er head or beads, carriage or carriages,' or goods so didrained, to be sold for payment of the said toils and penalties, and j'^ 1,1 l,e the charges of fci/.ing and keeping the fame, and cf such fair, rendering the overplus, if any, upon demand, to the owner or owners of the fame, or to the person or persons tinder wltofe care, cr in whole poii'uTion respectively the fame was or were when so lcized, as aforesaid, or if no sufficient dilirefs shall have been liiiirii.

icized to commit such owner or owners, or other person or lrv'f

f ct oMirf 1 Cl*-

persons to the common gaol, there to remain without hail or fun mu ’> mainprize, until nidi file and penalties, toils and charges be i,'prelaw,

Pid-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every ticket to he given <..hr* ar. aforesaid by any collecior for any carriage which is subjcdl to i-3.i;.clsto different toils in respect to the distercnc breadths or fliccings of its

wheels, shall truly specify lire sum received, the number of horffs »'«' or otli.r bealis drawing trie fame carriage, and the breadth of the wheels, that is to far, whether four inches or more, whether tinder four inches, ami not Ids than three inches, or whether let's than three inches, and also whether flat-fliod erfhod with high or fpvig-headed nails, holts, or ferews; and if any ticket thr.ll not specify all the said matters truly, tire cnlledtor of the toll at the gate where inch ticket shall have been given, shall forfeit the sum p«u=l:y jt. of five pounds for every fitch offence, upon conviction, by oath of one credible witness before any justice of the peace; and in case if wit paul of not paying the fame immediately, shall be committed 'by war- m-’"’ rant under the hand and seal of inch justice to the common gaol oi house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour i'or the space for Muumli, of one month, or until the said fine shall he paid. "h"1 ll"1'

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the r supervisor, or for any director or commissioner, or any magistrate, Sc. mu imp cunflable, or sub-constable, to flop, on any part of the said road,

any car, cart, dray, waggon, wain, or other carriage, not being a coach, landau, chariot, chaise, phaeton, cabriolet, curricle, or chair, which shall have paflul during the fame day through any pay-gate on the salt! road, whose wheels thail not be four inches vimfc ,vh Hs in breadth on the folc, or shall have any large or sprig-headed nails in their streaks or (hoeing, and to require the driver, or pir- bK m luu-ion attending the fame, to produce the ticket which he or flic lim.ii^iuiU, shall have received at such pay-gate for the toll paid for the same;

\ OL. XV. q. T and

TS°

A.D. ~'J°-

Chap. 4-0.

tily, a» licit*

ami ftiail ron lain any ml-c (Mcrijnion, &c, hmfc, &c may oc fci/.-il,

*f |.0t pa‘(l uitliin days fame may be fold.

Collector at anyjMX-gate may do* rain can, See v tan on toll v.ti ir»i as. Uiciu

fame jicwer vdlul !u per* suns lu-ieiu ';

if driver, &c. hinder collector or Ollier perfem to manure wheels;

ffiVr

faleofcar.&c

lVrfntK Iiav-

n^-l.uul near pupates jifiniitrinp pel futis to

pal's ns herein. to avoid

srlof

The thirtieth Year of George III.

and if such driver or person shall neglect or refuse to produce such ticket immediately on demand, or if such ticket, when produced, dcili not certify the whole toll payable for the fame by virtue of this act, or shall contain any other description of the breadth and (hoeing of the wheels than the truth, it shall be lawful for such person to seize and distrain the said horse, or other bead:, and carriage, with all the goods and chattles thereon, and such horse or horses, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattles, may be detained, until the toll prescribed by this act for the same shall be paid, with the reasonable charges of such didrefs and detaining; and if the same shall not be paid within four days, it shall be lawful for the person who shall have seized, to sell the same, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner or driver, on demand, after payment of the said toll, and the full e.vpences of the said distress, detaining, and fide.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every collector, or other person acting as such, shall have power to detain at any pay-gate every car, cart, or other carriage, whereon the toll payable varus according to the breadth of the streaks, or shoeing of the wheels, and to measure tite fame, and every supervisor, direder, coni-tuissioner, magistrate, tvnflabie, or sub-constable, shall have the like power to flop and measure the wheels of every such car or carriage, oil any part of the said road; and if any driver, or oilier person shall hinder, or refuse to permit such collector, or such other person, to measure the wheels of any such carriage, and shall be convicted thereof upon the oath of any one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, every such person so offending, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the said car, or other carriage, and the horse and horses, or ether beasts drawing the fame, and the goods thereon, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus, if any, after deduding the said fine, and the expellees of lueh distress and sale, to the owner on demand.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons wluisoever owning, renting, or occupying any land near unto any pay-gate established or eroded, or to be erected in pur-ftiance of this act, shall for gain, reward, or otherwil'e, knowingly or willingly permit any person or persons whatsoever to pals through any gate, passage, or way, with any horse, bcaft, cattle, or carriage, liable to toll on passing through any pav-gate on the said road, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and be thereof convicted, upon the oath of

!The thirtieth Year of George III.

sny one credible witness, before any jnlliee oi the peace, every such person shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings for every such oi -fence, to be levied by dill refs and lale oi Inch ofiemiers goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, the charges in talcing and disposing of the said goods being iirft deducted.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to appoint a treasurer, at a yearly Hilary not exceeding twenty pounds, and as they shall see occasion to remove him, and appoint another person in his Head, and to take from every person whom they shall appoint, such feenrity as they shall think proper for his duly accounting for and paying all money which he shall receive as treasurer, and for depositing the fame, from time to time, in such manner as they, or any seven or more of them Audi, from time to time, direct, in the bank of Ireland, or in any other bank.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer shall attend the meetings of the said directors as often as lie shall he thereunto required by any one or more of them, and shall keep Inch books of account, and in such manner as any three of the said directors shall, from time to time order, and that it shall he lawful for any three ol' the said directors to diiinifs any treasurer from his office, who shall r.cgkfl: to give such attendance, or to keep such hooks, or to give any information which mav he required of him icfpetling his Hceipts and payments as treasurer, or to deposit the whole, or any part of the balance in his hands in the hank, as often as he shall be ordered l'o to do by any three of the said directors.

uliuf

tifl !.<rp in ( .<i i.i .1 irot»i./ i

<m!ir;

y d:,i: i

vs its* gicCi ttj <iu a.t

XXV. And whereas several persons claim to he entitled to in-tcreft upon debentures issued heretofore upon the tolls of the said

roau; be it enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for the said Commits-commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to order one year’s dtr i v.m’s interest due on the said debentures on the said road, to be paid in each year by their treasurer, out of the toils, or any other monies toW|w>i<lm which he shall receive by virtue of this act, in such manner, at ...it

such time or times, and in such proportions as they shall think 1-1 lu!b’ &c‘ proper.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for I j 111 $ t »J S the said iliadtors respectively, or any three or more of them, to cj'a'.u'; appoint as many coilcftors as shall he necessary for receiving the

mils at die pav-gates, at inch Hilary or wages as fl.r.1! lie approved t-ii io of t v them, not exceeding the rate of twenty } minds/ur annum |IC, 1 ' 4 T a ’ for

The thirtieth Year of George III.

jf collectnr u fuse r mint ft to cio, ill (I be convicted i‘|ion iMtiji

mitted 10 j;hj1 until he; ill fidl iiuomii. <i:ul al1 a"-

fi-r each; and every inch collector fr,all pay :I.c monies by him collected or received to the treasurer appoiund by tlx laid commissioners, once at lead in cvcrv month., ar.c! as much ofener as lie ihr.il he thereunto required by any of the said directors or commissioners, or by the inpervisor, and shall all'o upon oatlt, if thereunto required by the said treafujer, or by any of the said directors or crfnnnifiioners, which oath any one ol' the said directors or commissioners is hereby empowered to aduf.uificr, give in, from time to time, a true, cx.tft, and perfect account in writing of all monies by him collected or received by virtue of this act, or by reason of his laid employment; and if any loch collefler shall refuse or omit so to do, and shall be thereof convicted, upon the oath of any one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, it shall be lawful for iiich justice to commit such collector to gaol, there to remain without bad or mainprize, until he Audi give in inch account upon oath, and pay all such monies as lie shall have received for the said directors by virtue of this act.

Dir.a.im iui piviup 14

<!:iy< t.uiiiT in 2 Dubl'ii pijMN may l.;le, S-c. in:!t, for nut kP. tin 11 1, nr innic ihiin 5 years}

provided a!-Wills, liti

Jici ciii.

Ukc powers and u’lMil.i-tious its l,o toll, except paying trta-

fmev, ami account mp to directors, &c.

Cuibflcvr r-fTitulir.- as herein* to ioifi.it 5l.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said directors, or any three of them, may, if they think tit, and they are hereby empowered, on fourteen days notice being given in any two Dublin papers for that purpose, to lease or farm by the year, for any time not exceeding three years, nor lei’s than one year, the tolls by this act payable, to any person or persons at or for the larged yearly linn that can he got for the fame; provided always, that they he set by public cant, and that the agrcctuutt lie put into writing, and signed by the party taking the fame, ami that the money he made payable monthly, and that proper leetirity be given for the regular payment thereof, and that one month be paid in advance, and that every such agreement he approved of, and Iigned at lead by three of the said directors present at such cant.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed to receive the toll at any pay-gate on the said road, by any person or persons taking the fame by lease, shall have all and Angular the like powers and authorities, and be subject to, and under all and Angular the like regulations, penalties, and restrictions, as any collector appointed by the said directors can, or shall have, or be subject to by virtue of this act, except as to paying the tolls collected to the treasurer, and accounting for the same to him, or to the directors or commissioners.

XXIX. And be it further cr.acted, That if any collector or toll-gatherer, whether appointed by the said directors, or by any

perlun

The thirtieth Year of George III.

pcvfon taking any of the tolls by lease or contract, or any person acting as such, shall permit any carriage, horse, or heart what-fiiercr, to pass through any pay-gate without payment of the toll, parable for the fame by virtue of this act, or a proper certificate, as before directed, being produced therewith, and shall omit to fir/.c fitch car, carriage, or bead, or shall delay to proceed to have the penalties levied as tile law directs for such offence, or shall omit to detain snv car, cart, or other carriage, and prevent the passing through the gate, after notice shall be given to him that the driver thereof has obstructed the execution of this act in any rdpeft, every perf'on so offending shall, upon conviction thereof before any one justice of the peace, forfeit the sum of five pounds, and on non-payment thereof, shall he committed, by on non-pay-warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, to the common mi,"*,"’

gaol, or house of correction, there to remain without bail or main- f.0' 6 ° 7 7 mnmus or

prize for any time not exceeding six months, or until the said until tine

fine be paid. I"u1,

XXX. And be it further enacted, That whenever, and as often When ili-

as the said directors shall think it expedient to form a new line it expcelit'nt

of road between any two points of the present turnpike road ma'y: "T J 1 1 line* of ioau=;

from Kinnegad to Athlone, for the purpose of shortening the difUnce, or avoiding hills, or for the greater convenience of travellers, it shall be lawful for them to deposite, or cause to he depo- a map io W sited with the treasurer of the county through which such new road shall be proposed to be made, a map thereof, with a decla- county, with ration thereon, signed by three of the said directors at the lead, r,fnc,i i,y 3 fitting forth their determination to lay put such new road of the f1!1"upp',rt|, breadth of sixty feet in the clear, and distinguishing the several »s: town-lands and baronies through which the fame is to be made, and expressing the number of perches in length that such new road is intended to he carried through each town-1 nd, and they shall air,i afii.h-also deposite, or cause to be depnfited v.-ifi. such treasurer an affidavit or affidavits, fitting forth, that a cop' of such declaration iu, tohek-has been polled up on the door of the com,:;, court-house, and fa;dtreasurer. that a like copy has been personally firved on, or left at the house of every occupier of the ground through vfi., ‘i such new road is intended to be made,' or in rale the residene-. ' any occupier of any part of such ground shall not he known t the said directors, then that a like notice has hern fixed up in a cnnipicuous manner on such; irt of such giound, and on the toll-gate of the road neircn thereto.

y. ,1X1. And be it further tn iftcc', That every treasurer to whom Mjp. S-c. such in.:. . '> ration, and -rtidaul or affidavits shall be delivered, r..Vhi-

Yui, X. 4tJ shall fp'«i,.u,md

1 - V

Jj J

A.D.

1790-Chap. 4(1

354

A.D. 1790. Chap. 46.

to he laid he* fore thf* court at nextaifi/.c?, with certificate on oath.

If map, &c. were deposited with treasurer 21 days before affixes, declaration to he read in court

if owner, &e. of ground ay-

prieved, may traverse for damages, r.a herein.

Jury to give verdict whether any, and what damages

verdict con-clitfive;

upon sum being paid or deposited with treasurer, or verdict agahift travelers, or traverse withdrawn, or no traverse entered, diicftors may procr^rd to make m.iv road.

Powers of

di«vc\ois. »\c. to extend

cveiy p.itt of new toads; every map, .'ec. to be jnc-

The thirtieth Year of George III.

shall keep the fame open for the inspection of all persons whom the fame may concern, and shall lay the fame before the court at the next assizes held for fitch county, as the land shall he in through which such road shall lie intended to be made, together with his certificate, testifying upon oath the day he received the fume.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear by such certificate, that such map, declaration, am! alhdavit or ai'iica-vits, shall have been deposited with such treasurer twenty-one days before the lirfl. day of such affixes, the said declaration shall he read in open court, and if any owner or occupier of the ground through which such new road is to be made, shall think himself or herself aggrieved thereby, in respedi to such ground, such owner or occupier may traverse the fame for damages, by entering a traverse thereto with the clerk of the crown for damages at the fame assizes, which traverse shall he tried at the fame assizes, unless good and sufficient cattle shall he fiiewn upon oath for not trying it, then in which case it shall be tried at the assizes next immediately ensuing, and every such traverse shall he entered and tried in like maimer, and like security be given for prosecuting the fame, as is usual in the case of a traverse of a presentment of a grand jury for laying out and making a new road.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the jury who shall try any such traverse, shall true verdict give, whether any, and what damages will accrue to the person taking such traverse, by such new road being made, which verdict shall be conclusive to such traverser, and upon the sum so found for damages being paid to such traverser, or deposited with the county treasurer for his or her use, and upon all such damages as shall he found upon each traverse, which may be tried, being so paid or deposited, or upon verdicts found against the trayerfers, or upon each traverse which may have been entered being withdrawn, or not tried pursuant to this act, or upon no traverse being entered, it shall be lawful for the said directors, or any three of them, or such persons as they shall appoint, to proceed to lay out and make such new road, without the interruption of any person whatever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said directors, supervisors, collectors, and all other pe;foils shall have all and singular the fame poweis and authorities, and the like regulations, penalties, and foricitures, shall afiedt and extend to every p.ut of any

The thirtieth Year of George III.

any new road laid out by the said directors, as are provided or enacted with respect to any part of the present road, and that every such map, declaration, and affidavit, shall be preserved among the records of the county with the treasurer of the said fcim| ‘lir,£

° ' iccouls of

COUntV. county.

XXXV. And be it further onatfed, That in all cases where When;road

the said directors shall alter the present road, by taking off any

tinncccssary ancles, or making a new line of road, they shall cause coM"K,l to . ' , , " . , he dcpofiled

a map of such parts of the present road as shall in consequence with treofu-

thereof be discontintied by them as part of the turnpike road for rtl'

the use of travellers, to be deposited with the treasurer of the

county in which such parts shall he situate; and if the grand Mim twith-

jury of such county shall not within eight months from the time

such tnap shall he so deposited, present such parts to be kept open parts to be

as a public road, every (itch part of the fuel old road as shall not ltcpl of'n ’

be so presented shall be, and is hereby declared to be veiled in tvc,y W . i e I ret' PaIt vt*N ill

the said directors for the benefit of the said road, and shall and dinftors, add

may be let or sold by the said directors, or any three of them, Jy,}fct

and the rent or money arising therefrom, shall be applied by them m (# lK

towards payment of the rents or purchase of such grounds as they applied as

may think proper to take by yearly rents, or to purchase for any of the pttrposes herein before mentioned.

XXXVI. Provided always, That no such presentment for keep- Nopnfcn:-

ing open tiny such part of the present road shall be made by ["ropco any grand jury, except upon an affidavit of two credible persons, such part vf who can read and write, setting forth that such part of the road upwi’aiiida-is necessary to be kept open, as a public road for the convenience ronswhcTcliii of travellers, «»d and

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if at any time there-

Ifat any

alter the gram! jury of such county shall present the same to be time there-Hopped up, it shall be immediately thereupon, and is hereby declared to bevelled in the said directors, without any further ff"1',?*>e

? / Hopped up»

aft done on their behalf, as fully as if the fame never had been it iiiaiMsp ( presented to be kept open. IXdln dI

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful rca"rs-

for the grand juries of such county, at any assizes, to present Grapiljuiy any part of the said road, within their respective counties, to be pTifof widened to the width of sixty feet, upon the rcciueft of three of fai‘la<1

J \ 1 wii/im C(un-

the directors in writing, and an iiflidavit, sworn before any two ty, to be ui-justices of the peace for such county, or before the court, by any r.l") w'lwfe-two credible persons, that the part r .1 the road-so rtquelled to be widened is not of the width of sixty feet.

4U 2

XXXIX.

If owner.

& c.;i{ j'rii-vitl, may traverse for (iamngcs at afiizo; upon dnmaycs Jjeinp paid, nr dcpolhn! u/tli county Iren* furer, directors ma\ j,io-cecd to widen fame.

Dirc&ots empowered occasionally to raise^ccol. for repaiiinjr. &c.

bills* for fmns fin rowed, 10 be ifiuuj, us here iu

Mils to bear imereti, not exceeding the

k'jjstl i ate;

Interest to be paid by itta-furer on every ill of May, amlillofNov. without fee Oi dedii&ion;

bilb t, bp

call)

t o bt’l I.) be ill'aul for hf, llirui jrl. or »n »re ih..., i;cl.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

XXXIX. Provided always, That if the owner or occupier of the land where the said road is to he widened as aforesaid, h:a!l think himself or herself aggrieved hv such preferment, it shall be lawful for fuel) person to traverse the fame at the fame assizes for damages, and such traverse Audi he tried 'then or at the next ensuing assizes; and upon all damages which shall he found l>v the jury who shall try such traverse, being paid to the traverllr, or deposited with the county treasurer for his or her life, it shall be lawful for the said directors to proceed in widening the fame, pursuant to the said prcieulinent, without the interruption of any person whatsoever.

XL. And whereas the toils to he collected on the said turnpike-road will not be liiilieicnt to anlVver the fever.il charges thereon, and to repair and widen the said road, and form inch new lines of road as may be necesliiry: be it further enacted, That any three or more of the said directors shall and may, and are hereby empowered, from time to time, as occasion shall require, to raile and borrow such sum and films of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of four thousand pounds sterling, as they shall judge necesliiry towards repairing and widening the said road, or forming new lines of road in the place and (lead of any pait thereof, and defraying all charges which may he incurred by virtue of this a cl, and that for all such films io to be borrowed, hills entitling the hearers to the amount of the sums therein speci-fled shall be ifiited, and signed by the treasurer for the time being, and Iigned by and feaied with the Leals of three or more of the said directors, and that inch hills shall bear such interest from the date thevcoi, as shall lie agreed upon between the said directors and the lender or lenders, not exceeding the legal rate of intercil by the hundred by the year, and that for such sum as shall hereafter be borrowed by the said directors as aforesaid, there shall lie paid by the tiealurer for the time being, by and with tiic order and direction of three or more oi' the said directors, on every lirll day of May, and every first day of November, after the lelpcclive dates of inch bids, to the holders thereof, out of the produce of the tolis oi the said lead, such intend as shall he so agreed upon ill mil to the l..id days !o appointed lor (he payment of inch it".cult, without any lee or charge v.hatloiv.r, and free from all deductions, defalcations, and abatements, unlil the principal Inins therein mentioned be idpedliveh paid at one payment, and that a!i Inch bins as shall he 10 ilr"ed and iieiud shall be numbered in ar;:]inuii:l prcgieflirn, iiing v.uh number one, uiU.l lue wiieie tiiereci shall Lc number,..;, provided that

The thirtieth Year of George III.

that no such bill shall lie Killed for less than fifty pounds, or for more than one hundred pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any part of the said interest, shall be behind or unpaid by the find treasurer for the space of ('even days after any of the days so appointed for the payment thereof, the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or commissioners of the great leal, may upon a petition and affidavit appoint a receiver to receive so much of the tolls of the said road as may be necessary to pay such interest, and the receiver’s fees, and all reasonable costs attending such application, or may make such order for sequestering the tolls for the payment thereof, as to justice shall pertain.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the tolls of the several gates on the said road, shall be applied in discharge of the interest to arise upon such debentures as shall he ili'ued for the said sum of four thousand pounds, or any part thereof, and that the said directors, or any three or more of them, may expend from time to time such linns of money as shall he received by the treasurer in the payment of the said treasurer’s salary, appointed as aforesaid, and if any arrears of interest due in manner aforementioned, in erecting or repairing gates and toll-houses, fixing tables of the tolls, and fixing and lighting proper lamps at each gate, in erecting mile-stones, mile-pods, and direction-posts, paying toll, collectors and supervisors in the expences of surveys and valuations for widening, and in widening the said road, and fencing it where widened, in forming new lines of ro2(l, and paying all costs attending the fame, in draining, forming, and gravelling, dressing, cleaning, or repairing the said road, and in rendering it more convenient for travellers, according to their discretion, and in laying up materials in convenient places for repairing breaches in the winter season.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the expenditure of all such money, shall be accountable for upon oath before the said directors, which oath any of the said directors or commissioners is hereby empowered to administer, specifying the particular manner in which every part of it shall have been expended, and Inch account shall be laid before the said commissioners, together with a copy of all orders of expenditure made by the said directors, by being deposited with their treasurer, once at the lead: in every three months, and as much oftener as the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them shall require.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said directors, or any three or more of them, to purchase

Vol. XV. 4 X all

357

A.D. 1790. Chap. 4(1.

If any prut of intercll unpaid 7 days Sifter days appointed, lord chancellor may appoint a receiver.

Tolls to be applied in difeharyc of iuteidl;

how dirc&ots ate to expend fumi received.

Expenditure of m«- ‘ ncy to he accounted for upon oath, as herein

to he tlepo-fitrd unit treasurer orre every 3 months, and oftener, if required.

liii effort may purchase ('found or iio'ffr* fc.r wideimi,j tukJ, \c.

35*

A.D. 1790. Chap. 46.

A»v psrfon nitnilUdwrih expvrulttwc, not account-jngwhhm month after Trf]iineil, -forfeit double the sum required to he accounted for;

'Upon nonpayment, committed to

pnol until for-icitute paid.

Stipcivisor once a month to return upon oath the {late of road, con-of gatekeepers, iNC, whether tickets delivered have been conformable to this act, Sc.

nvliat offences. Sc. he iias observed, what penalties levied; days he inspected road, and what part thereof.

8upcrvisor may repair breaches. Sc. as herein; upon approbation of directors, and fiipervisors oath of ex-petice, directors may order payment by tiealurci.

Persons appointed to make road, may raisegta-vel, Sc. and make drains on any pet fou’s lands.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

all such ground, house or houses, as may be necessary for widening the said road, or making new roads in place of any parts of the present road, or for depositing materials for repairing the fame, or laying by the ferapings and cleansing thereof.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any person to whom - the expenditure of any of the said money shall be entrust-cd try the said directors, shall not account for so much as lie shall have expended of the fame in manner aforesaid, within one month after lie shall be thereunto required by any one of the said directors, or of the said commissioners, he shall forfeit double the sum which he shall he so required 'to account for, and upon nonpayment thereof, shall he committed by warrant, under the hand and seal of the justice before whom he shall be convicted, upon the oath of any one credible witness, to the common gaol, or house of correction, there to remain until the said forfeiture be paid.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed supervil'or of the said road, shall once in every month return to the said directors an account on oath of the state of the road, the conduct of the gate-keepers and overseers, workmen and labourers, so far as the same shall have fallen within his observation, whether the tickets given to cars, carts, or other carriages passing through any of the pay-gates thereon, which he has examined, have been conformable to this act, or wherein they have differed, what nuisances, encroachments, or offences against this act he has found or observed respecting the said road, what steps he has taken to remove or remedy them, what penalties he has levied, and the several days on which he has inspected the said road, and what part thereof he has inspected on each day.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every supervisor shall have power to repair any sudden breaches or holes which he may have observed in any part of the said road, first receiving an order for the purpose from any two of the said directors, and the expence thereof shall be laid before the directors at their next meeting, and upon their approving thereof, and his making oath of the expenditure, and specifying the particulars thereof, they, or any three or more of them, may order the said expences to he paid by the treasurer.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed by any three or more of the said directors to make, gravel, repair, or superintend the said road, or any part of it, shall have full power and authority to dig for, feaich, raise, and carry away any gravel, stones, land, or other materials which may be wanted for the

use

The thirtieth Year of George III. 359

life of the said road, and to make drains in order to carry off A.D. water from, or prevent its injuring the said road, on or through 1790, the lands of any person, not being a deer-park, orchard, hag-gard, yard, planted larvn, or avenue to a manlion-house, and that es«pt a? every such person so appointed shall make satisfaction to the owners fj,r;lr"dtion to or occupiers of the land for the damage that may be done thereby, ’’'"'"‘I' in like manner, and under the like regulations as is, arc, or shall manner as he enacted with respect to damages done by overseers appointed by the presentments of errand juries. appointed by

' 1 ° 4 ft* r guild JHIK'S.

XLIX. And whereas it is necessary for the further manage- i>ctf(Jtls not ment of the said road, that the drains along either fide thereof auiiim;»«l, iliould be under the controul of the said directors: be it further j",';" ur" enacted, That if any person shall scour, deepen, fill up, or widen jV.rs'may'cause any drain or ditch on the fide of any part of the said road, without ( >» iw the order of the said directors, or any three of them, it shall he fcomt'a, an.i lawful for any of the said directors to cause the same to be filled up, or scoured, as the case may be, according to his discretion, fad* r=r-and to levy the expence thereof by distress and sale of the goods of such person.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall irally pci. build any house, or part of a house, within forty feet of the f,ra ,m,m

house will,hi

centre of the said Toad, except in a corporate or borough town, 40 f.ct of or shall build any wall, or make any ditch, within thirty feet of «jt;uaiowr. the centre of the said road, or shall make or have any passage or way from the said road into the lands adjoining, without plac- 30 feet, ing a gutter or arch underneath such way or passage, as deep as J^inM mi-the drain or ditch over which it is or shall be made, so as to limJ' allow all water which may at any time he therein full room to ter deep us the pass, or shall burn, or permit or differ to be burned, on his or her land, bricks or weeds, or vegetable Jubilance, for ashes, within wuliiii one hundred feet of the centre of the said road, every such person fht 5l.

shall for every such offence, upon conviction thereof, by the oath

of one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, or upon the view of such justice, forfeit the sum of five pounds; and if keeimi,- cur;

any person shall keep, or have in ills or her pofiession, any cur-

dog, mastiff, or bull-dog, at any house within fifty yards of the - hi<n-h of 5

said road, without a block of wood of five pounds weight at w^mra- cun,

the lead -fattened to the neck of every such dog, or shall win- 'll,

now any corn on the said road, or shall lay any draw, dting, j:

or rubbish thereon, or shall ferape the fame, or shall lay the ilia,.:.; lumr,

scouring or earth of any ditch or drain on the said road, and

let it lie there for more than the space of twenty-four hours, '*!' '"-r

_r liui'L-

AA: OriibUki!.';

or wall or ditch within

The thirtieth Year of George III.

36c

A.D.

or shall leave on any part of the fame, between enclosure

179°* and enclosure, or permit to he left thereon, opposite or near to

his or her house, any carriage whatsoever, or any plough or

li;umfTed, mi- harrow, without the horse or horses, or other bead or beads

down';*' being harnessed thereto, imless fuel) carriage as shall be accidentally

broken down there, and cannot be removed without repair; or

ax spread H- if any person shall spread out any linen blanket or winnow cloth

wiil'iirwco within one hundred feet of the centre of the said road, or shall

{"Vfl"‘7’ ^cat or *7 ally ^ax> or leave any timber, dones, clay, land,

leave timber, lime, or other matter, on the said road, except for the life of the

rate ota" said road, or shall leave, or permit to be left, the carcase of any

horse, or fb.n ]10rfe or other bead, or shall skin the fame, or permit it to he

fame witlim 1 ’_1

100 yards, (kinned on the said road, or within one hundred yards of the

doted,'or centre thereof, except in a house or yard enclosed with walls, or

sic* ^cad or drive any car or carriage with timber, boards, or

timber across iron, laid across, so as that either end thereof shall project beyond

theds, or the wheels or' (ides of the carriage, or shall drag any timber

or^nill*stones or m*d-donee along any part of the said road, without being

or crcft lign- supported by wheels from touching the fame, or shall ered any

Wo o^p'ig (>gn-pod, or may-pole, or may-bush, on any part of the said

forfeit j-s. road, every person so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, upon conviction before any judice of the peace, by the oath of one credible witness, or upon the view

of fuel) judice.

LL. And be it further enacted, That all dung, dirt, draw, rub-bifli, dones, gravel, sand, or lime, which shall be laid on the said road, shall be, and is hereby declared to be forfeited to the said directors, and to be their sole property, and shall be sold by them, or any of them, for the use of the said road, or otherwise dil-persons draw- posed of by them as they shall think fit, and that if any person mftambo5’ not authorized by the said directors, shall draw away any part rized, may be thereof, such person shall be deemed to have feloniously stolen SS* the fame, and shall be prosecuted and punished as any person

Healing, &c.

All dung,

hid on road, forfeited;

Sentence, fine, imprisonment or whipping.

For every car-load of scouring thrown on road, owner of land to pay is. for every

feloniously dealing like goods being the private property of another.

LII. Provided always, That no such person shall be sentenced to death or transportation, or other punishment than fine, imprisonment, or whipping for the same.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That for every car-load of scouring or earth thrown out of any drain or ditch on the said road, which shall have remained thereon twenty-four hours, and which shall be drawn away by the said directors, or their order,

the

'The thirtieth Year of George III. 361

the owner or occupier of the land which such drain or ditch A.D. divides from the said road, Audi forfeit the sum of one shilling for 179°* every day the same shall have remained thereon, upon convidioa in manner aforesaid. fa Hall

I,

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful 11 lll K for every person whatsoever, to take and carry away, and convert to his or her own use, any corn which shall he laid on the said away com road for tire purpose of being winnowed, or shall he winnowing yor of thereon, or remain thereon after being winnowed, together with the sacks or winnowing cloths wherein the fame may happen to cfailis; he, and also all timber which shall be left on any part of the said i"1/’1,1

J x l*ei lefi there-

road, and shall have remained thereon for seven days, not having on; days, been brought or kept there by order of the said directors, or for by'ouici of the use of the said road, without the let, suit, trouble, or hiii- °"cci",s-drance of any person whatsoever.

I.V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Suym-ifon fill for the supervisors of the said road, or any of them, to pull fln

down, or fill up, and level any wall, drain, or ditch, which shall "rTa|ly,r|t be built or made, or began to be built and made after the passing or ma.'lc -liter of this act, upon any part of the said road, or within thirty feet "f

of the centre of the said road, and to take up any way or passage 1°

r-,... fact ..f centre

from the said road into any held or land adjoining, which may ofr m.i

obflrud the free passage of water, and to remake the fame by

building a gutter or fewer, or arch therein, at a sufficient depth, t"ir'S'of

and to scour and clear away all obstrudions which may happen tlw ifaM, »c.

to be made in any drain for carrying away water from the said road, or for preventing its injuring the fame, and to pull down "s"tu'r- &i;-’ 1 b J 0 v . anil pull itoim

and remove any sign-pofl: which shall he creeled contrary to this any lisn-jwii, ad, first obtaining a warrant under the hand and seal of any islllttl"’ magistrate, or any of the directors or commissioners for so doing, and to levy the expence thereof, by distress and sale of the goods ani| m levy of the offender, or of the owner or occupier of the land wherein 1,y such way, passage, or drain shall be, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner on demand.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Gtand jury fu! for the grand jury at any assizes or quarter sessions, to pre- ,u

sent any house, or part of a house, or lime-kiln, to be pulled down, which shall be built contrary to this act, within their county, and that the expence of so doing, be levied off the goods and chattles of the ossender; and that it shall and may be lawful for any|’^‘'n.

any person to kill any dog which shall he kept contrary to this act, i'i,gkq,t

without being sued or prosecuted for so doing, "-J'1'10 ll,s

Vcr,. XV. 4Y

362 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any supervisor shall '79°- omit to apply for any such warrant for forty-eight hours after

he shall be informed, or have seen any of the said offences or Superviti.r matters, or having obtained such warrant, shall omit for forty* herd"." fo" e'6^ll; hours to execute the fame, unless prevented by the severity

feit 51. for of weather, or shall omit to apply at the next ensuing sessions

evei y omifli- 11 ' 0

on. or assizes for such presentment as aforesaid, or shall delay or neglect to seize, prosecute for, and levy any of the penalties for offences against this act, which shall come or happen within his knowledge, view, or information, he shall forfeit the sum of five pounds for every fuchomission, delay, or neglect, upon conviction thereof, before any justice of the peace, upon the oath of any one credible witness.

'Drivers of cars, &c. riding thereon, not having another to guide fame, except as herein;

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the driver or person in care of any car, cart, dray, or waggon, or carriage, shall ride upon the fame on any part of the said road, not having some other person on foot or on horseback to guide the fame, such carriages as are respectively drawn by one horse only, or two horses a-breast with bridles in their mouths, and are conducted by

or interrupting paffigc of ethers,

or rtfufc to tnake way.

offender, not being owner of carriage, forfeit 1 os.

if owner, 20s.

upon nonpayment committed to gaol, or to hard labour, not more than mouth, or until line paid

offender may be apprehended by any person without a warrant. amt delivered to a coni! able.

some person holding the reins of such bridles excepted, or if the driver or person in care of any carriage, shall by negligence or wilful misbehaviour, hinder, obstruct, or interrupt the passage of any other carriage, or any of his Majesty's subjects on the said road, or if the driver or person in care of any empty or unloaded car, cart, or other carriage, shall refuse or neglect to turn aside, and to make way for any coach, chariot, chaise, loaded waggon, cart, car, dray, or other loaded carriage, every such person being convicted thereof by his own confession, or by the oath of any one credible witness before any justice of the peace, shall for every such offence, if such offender be not the owner of such carriage, forfeit the sum of ten shillings, and if such offender shall be the owner of such carriage, he shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, and every such offender shall upon non-payment thereof, he committed by such justice to the gaol, or house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, or until the said fine be paid, and every such offender or person in care of such carriage, offending in any of the said cases, may by the authority of this act, and without any other warrant, be apprehended by any person who shall fee such offence committed, and conveyed or delivered to a constable or other peace officer to be conveyed before some justice of the peace.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons shall refill or make forcible opposition against any person

or

The thirtieth Year of George III.

or persons employed in the due execution of this act, or shall act'ault any collector of the tolls in the execution of his or their office or offices, or shall make, or attempt to make any’rescue of cattle, carriage, or other goods distrained or seized by virtue of this act, or if any constable or sub-constable shall refuse or negle-ft to execute any warrant granted by any justice, or by any commissioner or director- pursuant to the directions of this act, every such person offending therein, and being convicted thereof before any justice of the peace, by his or her own confession, or by the oath of one credible witness, shall for every such offence forfeit any sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than forty shillings, at the discretion of such justice, and in case the same shall not immediately be paid, such justice is hereby empowered and required to commit such offender to the common gaol, or house of correction, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, unless the said forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said directors, or any of them, to make or accept of any composition with or from any person whatl'ocvcr, for any of the tolls to be paid by virtue of this act.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the trustees, commissioners, treasurer, clerk, and all persons acting under or by virtue of the said acts hereby repealed, shall deliver upon demand by any two or more of the said directors, all books, papers, maps, and accounts respecting the said road.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all monies which shall have arisen, or may arise by virtue of the said recited acts, or either of them, hereby repealed, and shall be payable to the trustees thereby appointed, or be in their hands, or in the hands of their treasurer, together with all securities for money due, or to be due to them as trustees -of the said road, shall be paid and handed over by them or their secretary to the treasurer who shall be appointed by virtue of this act, and all such monies shall be applied towards the purposes of this act, or towards the payment of any interest due on debentures upon the said road, in such manner as the said directors, or any three or more of them, shall think proper, and that any agreement or lease for setting the tolls of the said road, or any part thereof, which may be made after the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, by the trustees appointed by the said acts, or either of them, shall be null and void.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed for any offence committed again! this act, the manner of levying and applying which is not herein particularly directed, shall and may be levied by distress and hale of the offen-4 Y 2 ders

363

A.D.

1790-Chap. 46.

Pet Tons te* fiiling execution of this act;

or constable nrplediitg to execute warrant!

forfeit not more thin 10l. nm less than 40s.

Not lawful for din'd 014 to accept "f compofmon for toils.

Titiftec% &c. acting under nets lieicby r«p»,al-‘

td, to d.-lsver lip all books, &c.

All mon-V. aiul kcuritM payable to

indices in re ciud ad*, lo be handed over to tren-furer appointed under lit act\

to be applied to purposes of tins aft, as discflors think proper;

agreement nr lease for tolls in.tde by trtdUes of laid acts after i II Wat 179c, null and void.

nil tinr«, &c. manner ol levying

"I

wli'di not paruuilai.y

364

A.D. 1790. Chap. 46.

din ck<l. to be levied by dillitfs;

in cafcofiion* payment, <»f* fender com* milled to paol for any time not exceeding

3 room Ii8, or until line, &c, paid;

fitic51 be. to r bo applied in aid of tolls and rewarding informers, $.e.

Jolliers empowered to ndminiilcr oaths within jiuifilidlion

persons wib fully fweming falltly under this «£t, to

fuller as on* sited ngniitll perjmy.

Aflirnnron of a qn.tkcr to be taken in place of oath.

Diittefs not unlawful, nor P’irties deem* t d trespaiR’rt for want of form in pio-cceditij’s; nor deemed trespairers 16 foito un account of irie-iMilarity, perfiiis ag-giicved uuy recover damages by m acliun lii the case.

A public act.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

ders goods, by warrant under the hand and leal of the justice before whom the offender dull be convicted, by the oath of one credible wiLness, or his or her own confession; and in case of non-payment thereof, or of any fine or penalty which shall-be imposed by the authority of this act, the offender shall be committed by such justice, by warrant under his hand and seal, to the common gaol, or house of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, or until the said fine, forfeiture, or penalty be paid; and every fitch fine, forfeiture, or penalty, when paid, shall be applied by the said directors, in aid of the tolls, towards the uses of the road, and in rewarding the informer, or parties confiding, and the constables, or other persons assisting, or partly in one and partly in the other of the said ways, as to the said. directors, or any four of them, shall seem proper.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That every justice of the peace shall have, power within his jurisdiction to administer all oaths which are hereby required or directed, or which may be ne-ccffiiry for the purposes of this act; and if any person shall take or subscribe any oath or affirmation prescribed or empowered to be taken by virtue of, or in pursuance of this act, or for the purposes of carrying this act into execution, and shall wilfully affirm, or swear falsely therein, every Inch person shall, upon conviction, fufler the pains and penalties enacted against. persons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where an oath is prescribed or mentioned in this act, the affirmation of the party, if ho or flic be a quaker, shall and may be made or taken in the place of such oath.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any distress shall lie made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers on account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties distraining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, ab inito, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining, but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity, may recover full satisfaction for the special damages in an action on the case.

LXV IT. And be it further enacted, That this act shall he deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CHAP.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

CHAP. XLVII.

365 A.D. 1790.

An Act for continuing and amending the fevered Acts for making, widening, and repairing so much of the Road leading from the City of Limerick to the City of Cork, as lies within the County or County of the City of Cork, that is to say, from the Bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the Towns of Kilmallock and Charleville to the City of Cork, and to continue an Act pajj'cd in the 'Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Newcastle, in the County of Limerick, to the City of Limerick, and from thence to the City of Cork.

WHEREAS an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the second, entitled, An act for repairing the road leading from the town of Newcastle, in the county of Limerick, to the city of Limerick, and from thence to the city of Cork; as also an act passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled, An act to continue and amend an act for repairing the road leading from the town of Newcastle, in the county of Limerick, to the city of Limerick, and from thence to the city of Cork; as also an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to continue and amend an aB passed in the ffth year of his late Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for repairing the road leading from the town of Newcastle, in the county of Limerick, to the city of Limerick, and from thence to the ciiy of Cork, are near expiring; and it is expedient to continue an act for making, widening, and repairing so much of said road as lies within the county or county of the city of Cork; that is to say, from the bounds of the counties of Limerick and Cork, between the towns of Kilmallock and Charleville, to the city of Cork: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven Vol. XV. 4 Z hundred

G. t. for repairing road from New-caiUe to Limericks ml thence to Cork; also 19 G- 2. to CoUmuc and amend laid act;

all® G. 3. to continue and amend 5 G 2. are near expiring}

expedient to continue an act for witlm -ing, Sec. road between

town* <tt Kil

mullock and Charlcvil/e, to the city of Cork;

from 25 War. 1790, persons

hut-in name!

appointed

Ik;:;.

survivora, or pet Tons appointed by them, may continue or eicft turn* pikes or gates on any pans of said road,

and toll-houses

The thirtieth Year of George III.

hundred and ninety, it shall be in the power of the right honourable Richard earl of Shannon, the right honourable Hayes lord viscount Donerail, the honourable Robert lord viscount Kings-borough, James Bernard, esquire, iir James Laurence Cotter, baronet, fir Nicholas Colthurst, baronet, fir Christopher Knight, knight, the honourable and reverend James Semleger, the honourable Barry Boyle Semleger, the honourable captain Arthur Scntlc-ger, the honourable Richard Sentleger, Brodriek Gunnery, esquire, Rogerson Cotter, esquire, Denham Jephfon, esquire, James Barry, esquire, John Hyde, esquire, Richard Aldworth, esquire, John Prendergast Smith, esquire, Edmond Henry Pery, esquire, colonel Bailie,' Robert Fennell Crone, esquire, John Watkins, esquire, Edward Deane Freeman, Arthur Gethin Crcagh, esquire, Nicholas Green Evans, esquire, Nicholas Green Evans, the younger, esquire, Henry Cole Bowen, esquire, John Cole Bowen, esquire, James Lambard, esquire, reverend Henry Newman, clerk, reverend Edward Lambard, clerk, reverend Richard Purcell, clerk, reverend Robert Nettles, clerk, Redmond Barry, esquire, James Purcell, esquire, William Galway, esquire, doctor John Creagh, doctor Joseph Barry, John Newman, esquire, John Longfield, esquire, Robert Coote Purdon, esquire, Watkin Roberts, esquire, George Stawell, esquire, Anthony Jephfon, esquire, Robert Delacourt, esquire, Richard Foote, esquire, William Lyfaght, esquire, William Lyfaght, the younger, esquire, Richard Gethin Creagh, esquire, William Harris, esquire, Rilby M’Carthy, esquire, William Love, esquire, Thomas Ware, esquire, Christopher Saunders, esquire, James Norcott, esquire, Henry Wrixon, esquire, William Wrixon, esquire, Thomas Boles, esquire, David Franks, esquire, William Stawell, esquire, Kilner Brazier, esquire, Samuel Hoare, esquire, Henry Crooke, esquire, captain James Lyfaght, Christopher Knight, esquire, Clement Hume, esquire, Hodder Roberts, gentleman, John Purcell, gentleman, William Dore, gentleman, William Alhton, gentleman, Christopher Crofts, gentleman, William Atkins, gentleman, John Henneffey, gentleman, James Hen-nefley, gentleman, lieutenant John Grove White, Christopher Crofts George, gentleman, Joshua Harman, gentleman, Charles Furlong, gentleman, John Lyfagh, gentleman, and William Wallis, gentleman, who are hereby nominated and appointed trustees of the said road, and the survivors of them, or any seven or more of them, or such person or persons as they, or any seven or more of them, shall authorize and appoint, to continue or erect, or cause to be continued or erected, one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, or across any part or parts of the said

The thirtieth Year of George III. 367

Paid road, and also a toll-house or toll-Uoufes, and there to receive A.D. and take the tolls and duties following, before any horse, mare, I79°-gelding, afs, or mule, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calnili, chail’e or chair, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, shall be tolls; permitted to pass through the fame, vh. for every coach, berlin, fort

by four horses, marcs, geldings, aflbs, or mules, the fuin of one

revery

chariot,- calash, chaise, or chair, drawn by fix horses, mares, geldings, act'es, or mules, the sum of two shillings and two-pence; WiVs. S. c. for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafli, chaise, or chair, drawn f,'r jv‘r!r

coach. &c.

tvn by 4

shilling and one penny; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafli, lioik-s &c. chaise, or chair, drawn by two horses, mares, geldings, act'es, or f0sr mules, the sum of six-pence halfpenny; for every waggon, wain, jj1 cart, car, or other carriage, with four wheels, drawn by two hortr*, he. horses, mares, geldings, act'es, or mules, the sum of one shilling f0'rc'Vay w.ig-and seven-pence halfpenny, and for every additional horse, mare, "'uil gelding, afs, or mule, drawing the fame, the sum of two-pence; drawn by 2

1 1 Iio.-fes, &Q.

ior every waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, with two |8.7i-d. anj wheels, drawn by three horses, mares, geldings, act’es, or mules, the sum of five pence; for every waggon, wain, cart, car, or tc. 2d.

other carriage, drawn by two horses, inarcs, geldings, asses, or

he.

mules, the sum of three-pence; for every carriage, commonly called a chaise or chair, with one horse, mare, or gelding, the iiwfa.s«: j‘!-

forev<jryi I got), &c.

sum of four-pence; for every car, cart, or other carriage, having for<vfr,*3S'

but one horse, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, the sum of one penny; f

for every horse, gelding, mare, afs or mule, whereon one or 3'1-

more persons shall ride, the sum of one penny halfpenny; for duHTwah

every horse, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, laden or unladen, and

not drawn, or having any person riding thereon, the sum of one he. with 1

penny; for every horse, gelding, mare, afs, or mule, drawing rore«ry' l‘1'

turf or hay, the sum of one halfpenny; for every drove of oxen,

or neat cattle, the sum of one penny per head; and for every tons ride, i}d.

drove of calves, hogs, sheep, or Iambs, the sum of one halfpenny

per head; and the money so to be raised shall bevelled in said an<l n?1

1 drawn ornd*

trustees, and applied to the uses herein after mentioned; and the d«n, id. said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or such person or hole persons as they, or any five or more of them, under their hands \'n'"Sx'jrf and seals shall duly authorize, are hereby empowered to levy the furt-voy tolls and duties aforesaid, upon any person or persons, who after demand thereof shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, by difirefs of any cattle or goods upon which such tolls and duties are ibuveof hereby imposed, or any goods or chattles whatsoever of such per- i,i.'|>n'ii"'a,i; son or persons so neglecting or refusing to pay such tolls or duties, and may detain such cattle, goods, or chattles, until such toll or »"'i »i>i>lKd

Klui-Nfeir;

4 Z 2 duty,

368 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

duty, with the reasonable costs and charges of distraining and 179°- keeping the same shall be paid; and if such tolls or duties, with Chappy. pucjj reasonable coils and charges, shall not he paid within five truiUcs, or days next after such distress shall he so taken, it shall and may auKzcd'by ')e lawful for the said trustees, or any five or more of them, or tlicm, may fL;ch person or persons as they, or any five or more of them,

levy tolls, as '

bcieiu; shall authorize as aforesaid, to fell the cattle, goods or chattles so

if tolls and coils not paid \vi;!ii» 5 days,

cattle. See. distrained, may be fold.

xpences of crcfing turnpikes paid out of first ijtonlcs received

no turnpike nearer so Charlevillo or Mallow than l mile;

after ptirposes aforesaid, tolls applied to making, Sic. road.

distrained thereby, to levy the tolls and duties which such person or persons shall so neglect or refuse to pay, together with such reasonable costs and charges, returning the overplus upon demand to such person or persons.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of the first monies to arise by such tolls or duties, the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall pay and discharge the expences of erecting turnpikes and toll-houses in and upon the said road, for the better collecting of the tolls and duties aforesaid; provided that no such turnpike or toll-house shall be erefled nearer to the towns of Charleville or Mallow than one English mile; and after the purposes aforesaid shall be compleated, then that the tolls and duties aforesaid shall he applied towards the making, widening, and repairing the said road, or in paying such person or persons such sum and sums of money as shall be contracted for by the said trustees, or any five or more of them, for the making, widening, or repairing said road, or any part thereof, and which the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, are hereby empowered to do.

Person con-trailing to make or widen road, to /wear the following

III. Provided always, That no part of the said road shall be so ordered to be made, widened, or repaired, unless the person contracting for the fame do swear an aflidavit, in the form following

Affidavit. I do swear, that I have lately viewed

and measured plantation perches of the turnpike road.,

from the bounds of the county of Limerick, between Kilmallock and Charleville, to the city of Cork, between the lands of and and including my wages, at the rate of

one J'billing and six-pence by the day, that it will require the sum of effectually to make, widen, or repair

the said plantation perches, being at the

rate of ly the plantation perch, and

that the said work is necessary, and including such my wages, that it cannot be effectually done for a lefferfum, to the bef of myJkill and judgment, osid as I verily believe.

And

The thirtieth Year of George III.

And unless one of the surveyors of the said road, who shall he appointed in manner herein after mentioned, shall, at the foot of such contractor’s affidavit, swear an affidavit in the form following

I do swear, that have within fourteen days

laf pajt inJpected the entire of the turnpike road in the above affidavit mentioned, and that the plantation perches tier erf

therein described, at present funds more in need of being made, widened, or repaired, than any other part or parts of said road, as I verily believe; and that the work in the above affidavit mentioned is necessary, and including wages for the contractor, at the rate of one f tilling and six-pence by the day, that it cannot be done for a lesser sum than at the rate of by the

plantation perch, to the bef of my skill and judgment, and as 1 verily believe.

at foot of contractor's

alfirUvu, one of fir vcyorv lo malic following affidavit.

IV. Provided also, That no money so contracted for making, widening, or repairing any part of said road shall be ordered to unicfi con-be paid, unless the person who so contracted shall swear an affi- f|,iuii,sVrar davit in the form following:

I do swear, that I have effectually and com- AHHa.it.

plctely made, widened, or repaired plantation perches

of the turnpike road, from the bounds of the county of limerick; between Kilmallock and Charleville, to the city of Cork, by me contracted for, between the lands of and

at a meeting of the trufees of the said road on the day of

laf.

And unless one of such surveyors shall, at the foot of such contractor’s affidavit, swear an affidavit in the form following: afficla.ii, one

° of surveyors

to make fol«

I do swear, that I have within fourteen IViBdavii

days laf paf inspected the plantation perches

mentioned in the above affidavit, and that the same are effectually and completely made, widened, or repaired, as above is set forth, to the bef of my JkiU and judgment, and as I verily believe.

Which affidavits the said trustees, or any three or more of them, 3 tmilei*may - , swear [Mines}

may swear the parties to, and the treasurer of said road shall keep_f

all such affidavits on files for that purpose, for the inspection of k«-p aiiidaviit

all or any person or persons who shall think proper. fonnipcftiun.

370 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 179°- if any person or persons having land in his, her, or their possession, adjoining to or near any turnpike or toll-house erected l’ctfuiii fuf. or built, or which shall be erected or built on the said road, or t"pju'thru'3 any part thereof, shall knowingly permit or suffer any person ioHd’lu a'oi<1 or Persons to Pa^s through his, her, or their lands, in order to such person or persons avoiding the payment of any such toll or tolls, duty or duties, by this act imposed, and be thereof convicted by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses before the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or before any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county where such offence shall be committed, which oath the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or such justice or justices, are hereby authorized and empowered to administer, every person for every such offence as he or they shall be so convicted, shall forfeit and pay to the said trustees, to be applied in manner as the tolls and duties aforesaid are directed to be applied, the sum forfeit 20s. of twenty shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the person or persons so offending, by warrant under the hands and seals of said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or of such justice or justices, rendering the overplus upon demand to the owner.

Turnpikes

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That "donfideof h A13'* and may be lawful for the said trustees, or any seven or ruad more of them, to erect turnpikes or toll-houses, or a turnpike or toll-house on the fide of the high-way, across any way leading out of said road, and there to receive and take the toll and tulls paid but (|ut;es by this act imposed; provided that no person shall in any

oucc a day. J r > i i j

one day be subject to pay such toll or duty a second time.

7 trullces

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That "or more"1 ^,e trustees, or any seven or more of them, at their first i°ll rS of neet*n8> or any succeeding meeting, by writing under their hands and seals, shall and may cledt, nominate, and appoint one or more fit person or persons to be receiver or receivers, collector or collectors of such money, in the name of such toll or duty, as and I or more shall be due and payable by virtue of this act, and also one or purpoShcrc- more fit person or persons to be surveyor or surveyors, to see the

1,1 ’ condition of the said highway or road, and to see that the fame

be repaired and amended, and that the money arising and expended mlnvToV-c- virtue of this act, be duly applied, and from time. to time to tors, Sc. oc- remove such collectors, receivers, and surveyors, or any, or either and Tppoint of them, as they shall see occasion, and appoint new ones in new ones; cafc of death or of such removal, and such person or persons

as

The thirtieth Year of George III. 371

as is or are by this act liable to pay the said toll or duty, is and A.D.

are hereby required to pay the same after the rates aforesaid to the 179°-

laid receiver or receivers, collector or collectors of the said toll

or duty in that behalf, from time to time so to be appointed, and licfore fur-

all such surveyor or surveyors as aforesaid, before he or they {’UC|"J

shall be entitled to be paid his or their salary or f.daries, shall t’aul

lie mull I wear

upon the first Monday in every month, or oftener, if thereto re- following af-

quired by any three or more of the said trustees, by writing under lKl'"lt ’ their hands, swear an affidavit before any three or more of the said trustees, which the said trustees, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to swear him to, that lie hath within fourteen days then lad inspected the entire of the said turnpike road, and that he hath therein made a true return of all and every nuisance or nuisances, encroachment or encroachments, that have since the last meeting of the trustees been made thereon, or on any part thereof, and that he hath as far as in his power prosecuted all offenders therein, according to lave, and that furvryms amt

- r r , culicdtors on

as well such iurveyor or surveyors, as men receiver or receivers, hi Monday collector or collectors, shall on the first Monday in every month, or oftener, if required, during, the continuance of this act, upon muit, tori*c

oath as aforesaid, give in a true, exact, and perf'ect account in ',|,u, ath of

writing, under their respective hands, of all money which he and they, and every or any of them, shall to such time have received, main;

paid, and disbursed by virtue of this act, by reason of their rc-

spective offices, for which oaths, or any of them, no fee or re-for ward shall he taken; and in case any money so received, shall remain in their or any of their hands, the same shall be paid tolir the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or to such per- i""1 son or persons as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, autiio-as they are qualified to act, shall by any writing or writings under their hands and seals, authorize and empower to receive the same, which shall be according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and not otherwise: and the said trustees, or any m,v

seven or more of them, to whom such account shall be given, shall

1 ° ’ p.iice to rc*

and may, out of the money arising by the said toll or duty, raws, u-make such allowance to the said receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, surveyor or surveyors, for and in consideration of his and their care and pains respectively taken in the execution of his and their office and offices, and to such other person or per- nni) tip*-. ferns who have been, or shall be assisting in and about procuring '"'as*hel'c-the said road, or any part thereof, to be amended or repaired, by s advancing or laying out any sum, or otherwise relating thereto, nllowamr n as to them shall fecui fair and just: provided no such allowance or ‘jj

s A 2 allowances '!oi t’"' '

J tiuut;

372 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

allowances to any such receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, TO0, do annually exceed in the whole the sum of forty pounds, or to any such surveyor or surveyors, the sum of two shillings and fix or io surveyor pence by the day, during such time or times as he or they shall liiinug he respectively employed in the repair of the said road; and that time employ- no such allowance or allowances to any other person or persons hi:. l|> ’’ who shall he employed by virtue of this act, do exceed the sum

or to other perlim? i yl. yearly;

iceeiver, 5;c. not miking account and payment to oider of tiuf-toes;

of fifteen pounds yearly; and in case the said receiver or receivers, collector or collectors of the aforesaid toll and duty, or any of them, shall not make such account and payment unto such person and persons, according to the orders and directions of the said trustccs, or any live or more of them as aforesaid, that then the said justices of the peace at any special sessions, or meeting of them, to he holden for the county in which the said receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, have acted or have been employed, and made such default as aforesaid, shall and are hereby required and empowered to make enquiry, and finally to determine mmc, as kre- of an(| concerning such default, as well by confession or examination upon oath of the said parties themselves, as by the testimony of one or more credible witness or witnesses upon oath, which oath they are hereby empowered and required to administer, without fee or reward; and if any person or persons shall be convicted thereof by such justices, the said justices upon such conviction, shall commit the party or parties to the common gaol of the county where such offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he or they shall have made a true and perfect account and payment as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such surveyor or surveyors so to he appointed, and such person or persons as they shall employ in the making, widening, or repairing the said road, or any part thereof, to dig, raise, gather, take, and carry away any gravel, sand, (tones, or other materials out of any waste or common, in or near which it shall be necessary to make, widen, or repair the said road, or any part thereof, without paying any thing for the fame; and in case there shall not be sufficient of such materials in any such waste or common, convenient to the place or places where it shall be necessary to make, widen, or repair the said road, surveyors may or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful for such surveyor or surveyors, by order under the hands and seals of the said trustees, or any five or more of them, to dig, gather, raise, and take the fame, in one of the several, or any of the grounds of any person or persons convenient to the place or places where it shall be necessary

justices of peace at special sections for comity*

to esquire and deter-

u(ion conviction parties feut to gaol until account and payment made.

Surveyors, Sic. may dig gravel* ftc. out ofwalle or common, without paying!

if not suffici-

ent in common, Oft*.

l>y order of trustees, dig, 5cc. on any grounds convenient, except as herein;

The thirtieth Year of George III. 373

necessary to make, widen, or repair the said road, or any part A.D. thereof, not being a garden, orchard, yard, meadow, gravel-walk, 179°* or any avenue to a hoiti'e where any such materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry away id much thereof as such surveyor or surveyors in their respective places shall adjudge necessary for the making, widening, or repairing the said road, or any part thereof, paying such rate for inch materials, and for the paying owner damage to the owner or occupier of the ground from whence t,lices think the same shall be digged, raised, gathered, or carried away, as the r"f""able trulkcs appointed, or to be appointed to put this act in execution, or any five or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; and in case in cate of of any difference between such owner or occupier, and the said j,dgcSof’3r. trustees, touching the value of the materials and damage aforesaid, "rJ"r'

’ ^tjcci of peace,

the judges of assize and general gaol delivery, or the judices of todrtcrmme

the peace at the quarter sessions to be holden in the county where ’ such materials shall be digged, raised, or gathered, and from whence the same shall be carried away, shall and may adjudge, artels, and finally determine the fame; and if any person or per- peifnns nl>-fons shall obstruct or prevent any such surveyor or surveyors, or any person or persons, who by them, or any of them, shall be *"' employed in digging, raising, or carrying away' such materials, every such person or persons so obstructing or preventing, being thereof convicted before the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or before any justice of the peace for the county where such offence shall he committed, by the oath of one or more credible vitness or witnesses, which oath he or they is, and are hereby empowered to administer, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay to the said trustees, for the uses and purposes of this rum uoi i\-aft, a sum not exceeding five pounds, to he levied by warrant 5*' under the hands and leals of the said trustees, or any leven or more of them, or of lbch justice or justices, by distress and sale of the goods of Inch offender, rendering the overplus upon demand, to the owner.

IX. And be it further crafted by the authority aforesaid, That &/u,rJ7c-, S' it iiudi and may be lawful to and for the said surveyor or fur- a"n°r

J c . ances, as

veyors, and such person or persons as he or they shall appoint, iicidn; and they are hereby required diligently, from time to time, to remove and prevent annoyances on any part of the said road hereby

i tided to be repaired, by removing any filth, straw, potatoc ft ."’Its, dung, allies, rub'oiih, water-courses, finks or drains running

ii . O" upon the said highways or roads, and by cleansing any d or water-course adjoining to the said road, or by cutting tk n , ping, or topping any trees or bullies growing in or

V;.r XV. 5 B over

owners neglecting to remove annoyances 2 days after notice in writing,

charges to be

reimbursedby

owner;

for 21! offence forfeit 10S.

Surveyors, &c. may make causeways, dtatns, &o. contiguous to road,

mid crcft

arches,

and take in

1>att3 of ground contiguous, ck-cept as here-

The thirtieth Year of George III.

over the fan! road, or any part thereof, or in any hedge or bank adjacent thereto, or any part thereof, and to take and carry away the fame, the owners or occupiers neglecting to cut down such trees or bullies, or to remove such other annoyances for the space of two days after notice in writing given for that purpose, under the hand or hands of such surveyor or furvevors, or of any two or more of the faitl trustees, the charges whereof shall he reimbursed to the said surveyor or furvevors, trullce or tr.:l-tees, by such owner or occupier so ntglccting to cut down the said trees or bullies, or to remove such other annoyances as aforesaid, and if after removal of any Inch annoyances, any perl'cn or perl’ons shall again offend in the like kind, every such perl'cn or persons so offending, and being thereof convicted by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before the said trustees, or any live or more of them, or before otic or more justice or justices of the peace for the county where such offence shall he committed, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay unto the said trustees, the sum of ten shillings, to be levied in manner aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may lie lawful to and for the said surveyor or surveyors, by order of the said trustees, or any' seven or more of them, or such perl’on or pr, Ions as such surveyor or surveyors shall appoint, to cut, make, and erect, or cause to he cut, made, and erefled, causeways, drains, or ditches, through and upon any ground lying contiguous to the said road, and to crest arches of brick, timber, or (lone thereupon, in such places, and in such manner as such surveyor or surveyors, by order of the said truf-tecs, or any seven or more of them, shall adjudge necessary, for the better amending and keeping the said road, and every part thereof in good repair, by opening, cleansing, and taking into the said road, or any' part thereof, such part or parts of the grounds of any person or persons lying contiguous thereto, not being a house, garden, orchard, planted walk, or avenue to a heuse, as shall he deemed necefl.iry by the said trulless, or any seven or

such failsfac- more of them, making such realonaWe satisfaction to the

lion to be made to owner as shall, in cak- of (iiflVrctKC be alRDVd by llt-M judiJC of

or l-yjiillii-cs at next iVf-iinits ot'county i

or occupier of such ground through which any such cauleway, drain, ditch, or arch shall be cut, erected, or made for the damages which he or they shall or may thereby sustain, as shall in case of any difference concerning the same, be assessed and adjudged by the next going judge or judges of assize, at the next general assizes, or by the major part of the justices at the next sessions of the peace to he hclden for the county in which said ground

through

The thirtieth Year of George III. 375

through which any such causeway, drain, ditch, or arch shall be A.D. cut, erected, or made, shall be; and if any owner or occupier of 1790, any water-courl'e or water-courses, ditch or ditches adjoining to Chappy, the said road, or any part thereof, shall neglect or refuse to scour if owner ne-or cleanse such water-courl'e, or to make such ditches so deep, and in such manner as the furvevor or furvevors shall adjudge proper ‘'ourfc,

or to mate

and convenient, after eight days notice shall he given for that proper purpose by such surveyor or surveyers, or by such person or persons as shall be by him or them so appointed to such owner or by surveyor, owners; it shall and may he lawful to and for such surveyor or furvevors, or such person or nersons to be by him or them so ap- f'irveyor, it

/ 1 ’ J r may fee men

pointed, to set any man or men to work, to scour or cleanse, to work; and make the fame, and by warrant under the hands and seals of any seven or more of the said trustees, or of any justice or justices of the county in which such water-course or ditch shall be, to levy the charges thereof upon the persons, goods, or d-tates of the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers of such water-course, ditch or ditcher., by distress and fate of his, her, or their goods and chattles, rendering the overplus upon demand, to such owner or occupier, after all charges paid.

XI. Provided always, That it shall and may he lawful for such _Owner nay,

owner or occupier, who shall think himself or themselves aggrieved, cl^itain'To to complain to the j 11 dices at the next sessions of the peace for the

county in which such water-course or ditch shall be, of his or their being so aggrieved, giving eight days notice to such surveyor giving s day* or surveyors of such his or their intention to complain, and said tUrv'cyor? jittlices shall give such relief, or dismiss such complaint, as to them shall seem meet.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That9trustrej it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any JTaus ..nanT nine or more of them, to ascertain, describe, and set apart such """pious

’ 1 lor widening

part and proportion of the lands adjoining or contiguous to the mad,

said road, or any part thereof, or which otherwise lie most convenient for widening the said road, or any part thereof, to a not more than breadth not exceeding forty-one feet from ditch to ditch, and d'tc"t0 onl for carrying or altering the course of, or continuing the fame or alter any part thereof straight, or in more convenient lines, not being ingcmufe.&c. hotifes, gardens, parks, paddocks, avenues, plantations, or planted walks, as the said trustees, or any nine or more of them, shall judge necessary for widening or altering the course of, or carrying on the fame or any part thereof straight, or in more convenient 'tines as aftrefak!; and the said trustees, or any nine or more of and to treat them, are hereby further authorized and empowered to treat and ^/gtST 5 B 2 agree p"'"11"

376.

A.D.

179a Chap. 47.

in case of re-ftifal or dif-

abiihy tu treat

trustees to issue warrant to flicrilf of county to impamiti a jury;

jttry to enquire into value of

ground; verilttt final.

15 tnillee# may aflijn tolls for any term, during continuance of this act.

for any sums borrowed,

with inteteft;

The thirtieth Year of George III.

agree with the owners, and others interested in the said grounds, to be made use of in widening the course of, altering or carrying the said road, or any part thereof straight, or in more convenient lines as aforesaid, for such recompense and satisfaction to be made to such owner, and others, for the fame, out of the tolls and duties to arise by virtue of this act, as the said trustees, or any nine or more of them, shall think fit and reasonable; and in case any person or persons shall neglect or refuse to treat or agree as aforesaid, or through any disahility, by non-age, coverture, or special limitation in any settlement or settlements, or by reason of any other impediment, cannot, or shall otherwise howsoever refuse to dispose of their respective interest in such lands, as the said trustees, or any nine or more of them, shall think convenient for the widening, altering the course of, or shortening the said road, or any part thereof, or carrying the fame, or any part thereof, in more convenient lines, in every or any such case the said trustees, or any nine or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to ifltie forth their warrant or warrants to the sheriff or (herifis of the county wherein such ground doth lie, to im-pannel and return before the trustees, or any nine or more of them, at such time and place within the said county, as shall he appointed in such warrant or warrants, a sufficient jury, who upon their oath, which oath the said trustees, or any nine or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer, shall enquire into the true and real value of such ground so to be made life of for the said highway or road, and such verdicts or inquisitions as shall be found and returned by the said jury, ascertaining the value of such ground, shall he final and conclusive, as well to the said trustees as to the several and respective owners and proprietors of such ground, notwithstanding any difakility or incapacity whatsoever.

XIII. And for as much as the money to he collected, by such receipt of the toll will not at prek-nt be sufficient for the speedy widening or repairing the said road; be it further er.acted by the authority aforesaid, That the said trustees, or any fifteen or more of them, shall and may, and are hereby empowered, from time to time, by writing under their respective hands and seals, to assign over the said toll or duty hereby granted, or any part thereof, the cost and charges w hereof to be borne and paid out of such toll or duty, fur any time or term during the continuance of this act, as a security for any film or films of money by them to be borrowed for that purpolb, to fitch person or persons, or their trustees, who shall advance and lend the fame, to secure the re-payment

The thirtieth Year of George III. 377

ment thereof, with lawful iniereft, c-r less, if the lame can he so A.D.

had, which laid money borrowed, lltall be applied and disposed 179°-

of in manner, and to such ufo as the lolls and duties aforesaid, ^b^_47-

arc herein before directed to be applied, and to no other UiCj ill- amney hor*

tent, or purpose whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, *'‘'r

That it shall and may be lawful for the said trustees, or any fif- u,!y.

teen or more of them, at any meeting to be held by them, from

time to time, to make out orders under their hands to the trea- m;> »'

c. *1 <*» liva^jrcr or

hirer or receiver of the tolls or duties to anle by virtue of this rm-iver fer

act, to pay such person or persons as shall be named therein,

their executors, administrators, and assigns, the growing interest

of the sum or films to be mentioned in fitch order or orders, by Siaged f

half-yearly payments, until the principal sum or Tunis in such

order or orders to be mentioned, shall be discharired; provided 1,0 for,

muiouian jot.

that no such order shall be given for a ium exceeding the sum wiitv.io 1*

of fifty pounds, and such treasurer or receiver shall arithmetically 'aunu"',';.

number all such orders as shall be so made or delivered out, call>'

commencing with No. I. until the whole shall he numbered, and ordrsiram-

that it shall and may be lawful for all and every fitch person and rj.

persons to whom such order or orders shall be given, his or their

executors or administrators, by endorsement, to transfer the benefit

of such order or orders to such other person or persons as lie

or they shall think fit, and upon notice of any such endorsement uEon f01"*

of cndoik-

or endorsements to the treasurer or receiver of such tolls and nu-nt,totr«-duties, and upon entering a memorial of such endorsement or endorsements in a book which such treasurer or receiver is hereby " 'ns required to keep for the purpose, and which hook such treasurer or receiver is hereby required without fee or reward to permit to be viewed by any person at all reasonable hours, such endorse-ment and memorial thereof so to he entered as aforesaid, shall cm!mf«r,6fr. entitle such endorsee or assignee, endorsees or assignees, his or if

their executors, administrators, or assigns, to the foie benefit of r'l<ll:‘s; such order or orders, so to be transferred and assigned in manner aforesaid, and such order or orders may in the like manner be 0"ltrr maj-V transferred by such endoriee or assignee, his executors or admini- v.rdc-r. strators, to such other person or persons as he or they shall think fit, and so as often as occasion shall or may require; and that it shall not be in the power of any person or persons who shall have made such afiigr.ment or alignments, to rclcafe or discharge fncii order or orders, or the sum cr films thereby transferred, or any part thereof.

378 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1790. That when and so soon as by receipt of the said tolls and duties. Chap. 47. there shall he a surplus at any time amounting to the sum of ttvo vvi.cn fur- hundred pounds, over and above what shall be fufliciciU to dif-jbo' cltm'il- charSe ^ie interest of the (urns so to be borrowed, and for the making, widening, and repairing the said road, and for the other applied In dif- purposes by this act directed, such surplus shall be applied in pCuapaf- discharge of said principal sums so borrowed, and for that end as often as such surplus shall so amount to two hundred pounds, treasurer in the treasurer or receiver of the said road is hereby required to cause cause num t]lc mlmbers of all orders issued, and of the sums therein men-

foers or orders ’

w tic put into tioned, to be written on separate tickets, to be rolled tip and sealed, and put into a box or urn, and well mixed, and an indifferent person shall be appointed by the said trustccs, or any five or more of them, who shall publickly between the hours of twelve and.two o’clock, on a day whereof, and of the purpose of 20 days nn- meeting, twenty days previous notice shall be advertised in the papm of Cork newspapers, draw out as many of said tickets as shall amount drawing tick- to fm-h surplus money, and the person or persons to whom such

cts to amount 1 J 1 r

of furplm; number or numbers so drawn, shall then belong, his or their persons co executors, administrators or assigns, shall within twenty days after tes drawn" drawing, be paid the principal and interest of the sums belong, to be mentioned in the orders to which such numbers as shall be so MvUntoctt"1 drawn, shall belong, and such person and persons shall give up with 30 days; his or their said order or orders to be cancelled, and the interest

ortlers to he cancelled, &c.

9trustees may demise, &c. all or pert of tolls, &c. for not more tliau 2 years,

for Veil yearly rent,

by public cant, to high-cil bidder, notice in 2 Cork newspapers 14 days previous, »U yearly in come to he applied as be-

of the sums for which such order or orders shall be given, shall cease from and after the space of twenty days next after such drawing.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any nine or more of them, by any agreement or agreements, lease or leases, demise or demises, to be by them under their hands and seals executed, to demise, lease, set, or fell all or any part of the said respective tolls and turnpikes to such person or persons, for such time and term not exceeding two years, as the said trustees, or any nine or more of them, shall think fit, for the best and most yearly rent or income that can be had or got for the fame: provided always, That they shall be so let or sold by public cant to the highest and fairest bidder, and that notice thereof shall be given by advertisement in two at least of the Cork newspapers, fourteen days at least previous thereto, and shall be continued in every publication of said papers from thence until the day of said cant, and that all and every' such yearly rent or jpeome shall be applied

The thirtieth Year of George III.

379

applied in manner as herein before is directed; and that it shall A.D. and may be lawful to and for ail and every such person or per- l79°-

Tons who shall take any lease or leases, demise or demiles, of all or any part of the said respective tolls and turnpikes, or as shall pnionsukiic buy the fame for and during said period of time, and no loti- nv'y r^tiv.-ger, to take and receive, to his and their own proper use and benefit, the tolls and duties which lhsll arise from Inch respect s. c. tive turnpikes, as he or they shall so respectively take, lie or they paying to the said truflecs, or to their treasurer or receiver, the said respective rents, or yearly income, or purchase thereof, ac- agimucau. cording to their respective agreements, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided always, That no part of the said tolls or duties No to!, shall be so demised, let, or sold to any person or persons whatsoever, until notice of the time and place of meeting to set or M ;by«

T ° notice of

fell the said tolls shall be so advertised in the said Cork newspapers t-nwnrjptiu as aforesaid, fourteen days at the lead before such setting, and j'lipers that no meeting of the said trustees in any other place, lave in the town of Charlcville, or in the town of Mallow, or in the town cdwiiMn of Doneraile, for any of the purposes for which this act is intend- u.hTcu'x-ed, shall be deemed a meeting within the intent or meaning of i* v'll"1

Mtilhnv, uc 1) moaiic.

case there shall be more than one gate or turnpike in, across, or on the fide of the said road, no person or persons who shall have ""hi paid the toll or duty at the first gate or turnpike through which such person or persons shall pass, and producing a note or ticket that the said toll or duty was paid, which note or ticket the receiver or receivers, collector or collectors of the said tolls or duties is, and are hereby required to give gratis, shall be liable to ticket* (Mi-pay any toll or duty at any other of the said gates or turnpikes "" 6rat',' upon, across, or on the fide of the said high-way or road, such person or persons delivering the said note or ticket to the said receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, of the said toll or duty "'IcMdl-

vered to rc-

at the latter gate or turnpike the fame day, and no person or ciiver«Imperious having occasion to pass the place or places where the toll lcr 6,1,1 > or duty is taken, who shall return the fame day upon or with ln,1> i' huc the fame horse, mare, gelding, afs, mule, cattle, coach, chariot, licrliil, cliaife, chair, calafli, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, shall he liable or compellable the fame day to pay the said toll or duty more than once on the said road.

XIX. And for preventing frauds and abuses in the collecting Persons the said tolls or duties; be it further enacted by the authority

c C 2 aforesaid, 10 avo|U

J ’ lui!:.

this act.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in

8c The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

aforesaid, That if any person or persons having paid the toll or 1790. duty by this act granted and made payable, and having such note or ticket, notes or tickets as hereby directed, shall give or dii'pose of the same to any other person or persons, in order to avoid the payment of the said toll or duty, every such person giving, disposing, or offering, and the person receiving such note or ticket, notes or tickets, and being thereof convicted upon oath before the said trustees, or any five or more of them, or before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county wherein such offence or offences shall be committed, which oath the said truf-

iipon conviction fuifcit il.

Pci suns in cmriages, or on liurfe-Itack, to i>ifs toll.free on d;iys of election

no toll pniil by persons cariyinp materials for road,

or any other road in neighbourhood, or with cars, &e. loaded with corn in 11 raw, or with ploughs, &c. nor for cattle going to water,

nor for any liorfc canying the mail, or tifed only

to ride by driver of waggon, &c, polling turnpike therewith,

nor for fed-dim horses on their march, or for wag-pons, &c attending them, or for liorfc*, waggons, &c. travelling with vagrants or prisoners.

tees, and the said justice or justices, are hereby empowered to administer, shall respectively forfeit and pay the sum of one pound sterling, to he levied, recovered, and disposed of as any other penalty or forfeiture is directed to be levied, recovered, and disposed of by this act.

XX. Provided always, That during the continuance of this act, all passengers in carriages, or on horseback, shall pass and rc-pass toll free, on the day or days on which there shall be air election for knight or knights of the shire to serve in parliament for the county of Cork, or of a citizen or citizens for the county of the city of Cork, or for any burgess or burgesses for any borough in the county of Cork, and that no person shall be charged with any of the tolls or duties aforesaid, who shall pass through any of the turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this act, who ftiali carry any quantities of stone, gravel, or other materials for repairing the said road, or any part thereof, or any other road in the neighbourhood of said turnpike, or who shall pass through the fame with any carts, cars, or waggons loaded with corn in the straw only, or with any ploughs, harrows, or other implements of husbandry, in order to the using of, or repairing of the fame, nor shall any such toll or duty be demanded or taken at any of the turnpikes so to be erected, for any horse, marc, gelding, afs, or mule, or other cattle going to water, or for any post-horse carrying the mail, or packet of letters, of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or for such horse as is or shall be used only to ride or by the owner or driver of any waggon, cart, or carriage; provided such horse pass through the said turnpike or turnpikes with such waggon, cart, or carriage, nor shall any toll or duty be demanded or taken for the horse or horses of any soldier or soldiers passing through the fame, that is or are upon his or their march, or for waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages attending

them, or for horses, waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages tra-

yelling

Tic thirtieth Year of George III.

3Si

veiling with vagrants sent by pafics, or with prisoners transmitted A.D. from one part of the kingdom to another. 1790.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^jip. 47* That the said trustees, or any five or more of them, may, and jT.mtm are hereby empowered from time to time, as they shall see con- S'iSoii* venient, or think fit, to compound or agree by the year, or other- =s herein, by wife, with any person or persons tiling to travel through any of 15 ar’ the said turnpike or turnpikes so to be eroded on the said road, m"',cy t® with any milch cow', horse, mare, or gelding, afs, or mule, or aftrr apcc- with any coach, berlin, chariot, caialh, chaise, chair, waggon, n'"m mj"' cart, car, or other carriage, for any fmn or sums of money to be paid quarterly, from time to time after such agreement shall be made.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, v. Vnany That in case any of the trustees so named and appointed as afore- ju'" said by this present act, shall happen to die, or refuse to ad, that;l'1'

then it shall and may be lawful to and for seven or more of the -tniltKiMv said trustees, during the continuance of this present act, to elect 1 " and appoint in the room of such person or persons 1b deceased, or refilling to ad, so many more fit and able persons inhabitants mt'lmmu.- < f of the county, or of the county of the city of Cork, or creditors <,: Cm!., or of the said road, by mortgage or debenture, and no others, to join with the trustees hereby appointed in the execution of this present act, and all and every person or persons so respectively elected and appointed, shall and inav, and are hereby respectively cm- ‘ powered to ad, to all intents and purposes as the said trustees, who by this present act are empowered to do, and from time to time, as often as there shall be occasion.

XXIII. Provided always, That no person or persons appointed K.hivIUt by this act, or so to be appointed trufl.ee or trustees for putting this act in execution, shall have or accept of any place of profit .'Crl""l!cr IlMS arising out of, or by reason of the toll or duty by this act laid or granted, but such person or persons from the time of his or their accepting and continuing to be a trustee or trustees, shall be incapable of holding or enjoying fiiclt place of profit.

XXIV. Provided also, That 110 person who shall be hereafter n, pr,r<.n elected a trustee, shall act, in putting this act in execution, who shall not actually be in the possession of a freehold estate of the ’j"1 clear yearly value of forty pounds, or who shall not have a per- oau- <,t +ci. fonal estate of the clear yearly value at the leaf! of one thousand pounds, at the time of his being elected, or acting as a trustee, r"1'""'1 and that upon any doubt arising of the value ol such estate.', mcol, a jearj the person elected before he shall be admitted to act as a trustee, if Vol. XV. 5 D any

}VI f.'OS Irti/utl vctlc't 4h ill now-

o2 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

any other trustcc shall require it, shall swear that his eftnte is of

'790' the said value, before five t;uftees assembled at a hoar;!, which

t.hap. 47' oath the said'trustees arc !'. rehy empowered and authorized to

truile.-, if tc-administer, nor shall any pet ion or persons hereby appointed or

(juiictii to elgQed trustee or trutiees, be admitted or allowed to act as truflcc iwear to va- J

tuc of cilate j or trustees by virtue of tin:, act, who is or are not qualified as ti’iiilic aforesaid, anything herein contained to the contrary thereof, in

IkO as afore- an7 wise notwithsta.lding.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, timiefor 21 That the toll or duty hereby granted, shall take place and have a's^ar'i-ao continuance from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, for and during the term of twenty-one years.

if before

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, That if at any time before the eVyejr.v'road expiration of the said term of twenty-one years, all parts of the adjuilia'il lut-licmitiy amended, Src. by majority of miliefs. under hands and iiuU; after re payment ol money adv.uict d,

&e. and itit<. -tell mid coils, tolls toccalc.

said road shall he sufficiently amended and repaired, and so adjudged by the majority of the said trustees appointed, or hereafter to he chosen by virtue of this act, by an adjudication under their hands and seals, that then, and from and after such adjudication made, and re-payment of such money as shall have been advanced or borrow ed, with filtered for the fame, and the colts and charges thereof, the tolls and duties shall ccal'e and determine, any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall on the llrft Monday in the month of May, in every year, during the continuance of this act, meet in the towns of Mallow or Doneraile, between the hours of twelve and two o’clock, and shall there examine all books, accounts, receipts, and payments relating to the said road, of which meeting, and the intention thereof, the treasurer or receiver of the said road is hereby required to adver-iic wivL-niud tifC) fourteen days previous notice in the Cork newspapers, and toiism Cork the creditors of tile said road, and their agents, shall and may be at liberty at every such meeting, to register their debentures, r‘' 's- and to settle their accounts respectively with the treasurer or rc-

tuK«, and fa- ceiver of the said road, and to receive from the said trustees such =nd receive’ interest or principal as the funds shall enable them to pay at any intcidl or such meeting, and that the said trustees, or any five or more of

punctual; \

miiUc, may them, who shall so meet purAiant to such notice, shall and may aKet"a'; o'flcn adjourn to any future day, and again meet as often as it shall if aVufficuut necdTary li,r putting this act into execution, and if at any such miiiiiicruf meeting, a sufficient number of trustees shall not appear toad, not appear at or adjourn in such case, the treasurer or receiver of the said road, mcclins, shall

On ill Monday in May, trullech to

meet in Mallow, or Doneraile, between 12 and 2 o’clock, to examine books, &c\ notice of meeting and intention to

The ihirlieik 'Year of George III. 3b';

shall by notice, to be ten days previously affixed at the turnpikes ut the said road, and sdvertiled in the Cork newspapers, appoint a future day within a month, and not less than a fortnight, for the meeting of the said trailecs, at all and every of which meetings the said trustees shall defray their own expences.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any salt shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in purfu.mcc of this act, the venue shall be laid in the county, or in the county of the city of Cork, and not elsewhere, and the defendant or defendants in such action or actions, may plead the general iffiic, and give this act and the special matter in evidence on any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance, and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so ’to he done, or that such action or actions shall be brought in any other county, or if after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, the plaintiff shall he non-suited or discontinue his action, or in case of a demurrer, if judgment shall be given agalnll the plaintiff in either or any of fitch cales, the defendant and defendants shall have and recover treble cults, and the like remedy for the fame against the plaintiff, as any other defendant or defendants hath or have by law in any other cases.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by . all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to continue and amend an act passed in the fifth year of his late Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for repairing the road leading from the town of Newcastle in the county of Limerick, to the city of limerick, and from thence to the city of Cork; he continued for three years, and to the end of the next session of parliament.

A.D. 1790. Chap. 47-

tre.ifttrer to appoint a fu* line day; tuilUc* defray their own expellees.

If any Tint COJliIMrDCtdf venue to he laid in cvlu* ty, or county of c:,.y ut C01 tv; 4

defendant may plead the general issue, See.

if jttrhmcnf va nrt plain-till*, tieble colU for defendant, &rc.

A public act.

2R O. 3. to coni imic and amend 5 G. 2. for repairing road from Ncu'caf-t!e, &c, continued 3 years, and to end of next fcfliun,

CHAP.

J D a

3h The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D. 1790. CHAP. I.

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to Qualify themselves according to Law.

'.Jbfrd. WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirtieth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the relief of persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to law: and to prevent the further growth of popery, several previsions were made therein, which have been found to be of general life: and whereas the time limited by the said recited act for the persons to qualify as therein directed, will expire on the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one: and whereas it will be expedient that further time shall be allowed to persons in odices or employments to qualify themselves j wherefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spir'uud and temporal, and commons in this present parliament allem-bled, and by the authority of the same, That the time mentioned in the said recited act for persons in oflices or employments, so to qualify themselves, shall be extended to the sixth day of February, which will be in the year of our lord, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

T H E

C 385 )

THE

THIRTY-FIRST YEAR.

An Act for granting for one Year the several Duties therein mentioned, in Lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified during the said Term, and for con-ti?iuing the EffeEl of a Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between His Majesty and the Mofl Christian King, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and His Majestys Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland,

in parliament assembled, having a just sense of your royal care of all your j 791* subjects, and well knowing that the securityand prosperity of this realm depend upon the support of your Majesty's government, most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be‘enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal* and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That three thousuid two hundred and thirty-two men, commission and non-commission officers included, over and above twelve thousand eflective men, which are necessitry to be maintained within this kingdom for its defence, be maintained for cue year, from the first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and

O F

in

C IT A P. I.

VuL. XV-

ninety

86 The ihirij-ft’fc Year ^ George III.

A.D.

ninety-two inclusive, so as th.it the forces on the establishment of this kingdom 17^1. may amount to fifteen thousand two hundred and thirty-two effective men, com-\ Chap. I. miffjon and non-commission officers included.

L——H. And whereas in order to enable your Majesty to carry into execution your Majesty's intentions, and determined refclution, figmiicd to us by his excellency the lord viscount Townfcud, late lord lieutenant of this kingdom, by your JVij-jedy’s command, to keep within this kingdom for the iieeeitary defence of the fame, twelve thous.md effective men, commission and non-commission ollicers included, at all times, unless in cases of invasion or rebellion in Great Britain, and to defray the other necessary expences of your Majesty's government, it will be necessary to grant the several duties herein after mentioned j and it will tend much lo the case of collecting ami paying such dudes, that the fame should be specilically set forth in schedules; be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, until the twenty-fifth day of March, which Audi be in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two inclusive, and no longer, there shall be throughout your Majesty's kingdom of Ireland, granted, raifod, collected, levied and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, upon the several goods, wares or merchandizes, mentioned, and set forth in the several schsduies or tables, marked A.B. C. 1). hereunto annexed, which fii.iH be imported into this kingdom during the trine aforefutd, the several duties as the same are r.:speclively deforibed and set forth iu figures in the said fcliedtiles and tables, marked A.D. C.D. and that there Hull be also granted and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, upon the several goods and manufactures herein after mentioned, not being of the giowth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, and on which net and specific duties are not imposed by the said iUiedulcs, -an additional duty after the rate of ten pound-; fur centum, as the same shall be valued on the o.tth of the importer; vidJktt, apparel, iiams, uritfici.il flowers, millinavy-ware, fans, chip hats, wrought ivory, prints and pictures, wrought incle, furs, all lacquered, japanned, gilt, painted, bronzed and enamelled w.ue, threads, haberdashery, hard-ware, toys, laces of cotton, thread, worsted or iilk, groceries of all kinds, except sugars, orange juice, not being for dyers life, tape, foreign linens, and all manufactures of flax and hemp, except the following articles, being of the growth, produce or manuf*£lurc of Branco, or of the l:rench dominions in Europe, imported into this kingdom from any port or place -whatever in Europe, belonging to, or under the dominion of his nmft christian Majesty, videlicet, apparel made of wool, cotton or linen, glr.fs and glass ware, gauzes and millinary wares, canhen-ware, porcelain ami pottery, hard-ware, cutlery, cabinet-ware ami turnery, manufacturees of iron, fled, copper and brass, and all linens made of flax and hemp, imported into this kingdom, according to the regulations reflecting the fame herein after mentioned *, and that there Avail be also granted and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, upon rite produce or amount of the euftom imvards, import excise, additional and other duties, granted to your Majesty, your heirs and successors during the time aforesaid, and which shall be collected upon any goods and merchandize imported into this kingdom, except upon such goods and merchandize whereupon net and specific duties in lieu of all other duties are by this act imposed, an additional impost or duty after the rate of five pounds per centum { and that there shall be also granted to your Majesty, your heirs and fucediors, during the time aforesaid, upon all goods, wares, and merchandize which shall be imported into tins kingdom during the time aforesaid, by any person being a retailer or consumcr, in ready money net, without any discount or allowance, an additional duty after the rate of six pounds per antum on the

The thirH-frfl Year of George III. 3^7

toe duties payable thereon refycuvdy, over ami above the full amount of such A. I), duties, except sugars, and ex*- pt me feu ial articles being of ti e growth, pr.mucc, 1791. cr manufacture of France, or the French dominions in Eu:>pe, let forth in the Chnp. 1, find fcl’.euule marked B. imported ar. aforelYul, except wines. -'v--'*./

III. And be it enaclui, That tvery pel foil felling any kind of goods, wares, or nierch-ndize in any other pick age thm that in which the lame were imp*'.ted into this kingdom, shall be deemed ami taken to be a r-^Wr, except such per-fnns as deal in and fell wine in quantities not ids ir 1 one gallon, or nutmegs, mace, doves, or cinnamon, drugs, dying fluff?-, ‘’nd ike materials of manuiac-ture; and persons dealing in porter, who fell t- - fame *ruked bottles, not left than four dozen of quart bottles at any one time; ano persons dealing in cyder, who sell the same in corked bottles, not Ie.c than two cozen of quart bottles at any one time.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several duties mentioned in the said -several scheuules A. 1>. C.D. to be paid on the importation of the fevers) goods, wares and merchandize therein respectively mentioned, into this kingdom, and the several sums of money and duties of inland excise in the schedule maikcd F. hereunto annexed, shall from the uventy-fifth day of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred ami ninety-one, tmiil the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and no longer, be respco tively paid, in lieu and full satisfaction of all ccttcim, fubfulies, and duties ufiat-faever payable upon the importation of such goods, wares and merchandize into this kingdom, on which such duties at importation arc imposed, and of the find several duties of excise, byvittuc of any lav.'or laws heretofore nude, and find! be severally paid down in ready money net, without any discount or allowance whatsoever, lave that ready money shall not be paid upon goods, the duiUs upon which are or shall be directed to be bonded by any act passed this session of parliament.

V. And be it enacted, That in all cases where the duties by this act imposed cn tobacco imported into this kingdom shall be paid, the sum of two-pence hub-penny for each pound weight thereof, and so much of the produce of the duticu arising upon teas as flrn.ll amount to the sum of seven thousand throe hundred pounds, shall be* placed to the account of your Majesty's hereditary revenue-, and that the proper officers do keep a separate and diflindt account of all the goods, ware?, and merchandize imported into, and exported from this kingdom, and of the several sums of money and duties of inland excise by this act granted, and of the hereditary duties which would have been payable if this act had not been made, and tint such oilicers do regularly enter the amount of such hereditary duties*, and that so much of the monies arising from the duties imposed by this act on such goods, wares, or merchandize, articles ami things, as such hereditary duties would have amounted to, shall be regularly and duly placed to the account of your Majesty's hereditary revenue.

VI. And be it enacted, That upon the several articles following, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, there shall be paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the several and respective additional duties following, over and above all duties of cuilom and excise, now payable on the fame; that is to say, for and upon all chintzes, rallicocs, and mullins, of the manufacture of China, Persia, and the Halt Indies, an additional duty of six pence /nrvaid} for and upon all callicoes and muslins, except of the manufacture of France, or of the French dominions in Europe, a further additional duty of six pence per yrd, except plain muliins and primed and fliined callicuvsj for and upon every yard of all forts of silks and stuffs made and manufactured in Chin;-,

Persia, or the East Indies, an additional duty of one {lulling and six pence; fer

c E 2 and

CO

88 The shirtj-firs. Year of George III.

A.D.

and upon every pound weight of all velvets or manufactures made of, or mixed 1791. w*di except those 0: Great Britain, China, Persia, ami the East Indies, an i additional duty of four pounds sterling; for. and upon every yard of foreign dun's, v'- called romais, and of all manufactures made of cotton, or of cotton and linen mixed, as veil muilins as others, whether plain, printed, or stained, except of the manufacture of Great Britain or Prance, or of the French dominions in Europe, an additional duty of six pence; for and upon all China, earthen, japanned, or laeouered-ware, as valued or rattd for custom by the book of rates, an add'ition.1l duty of five pounds per centum; for and upon every pound weight of hop; nut.of the growth or produce of Great Britain, an additional duty of three pence, over and above the duties of custom and excise on any hops heretofore imported; for and upon every ream of paper, not being of the manufacture of Great Britain, except brown, blue, and on-fling paper, an additional duty of one (lulling’, for and upon all dice, a duty of five It illmgs for every pair; and for and upon all gold or hiver plate, an additional duty after the rate of fix peNce for every ounce troy weight, and so proportionably for any greater or left weight; and for n:ul upon every entry inwards which Audi be made in the port of Dublin during the time aforesaid, except poll entries, and entries of coals, a duty of one

shilling.

VII. And for the better atccrtaining of the price of teas, according to which the duties are imposed thereon, be it enacted, That the price of all teas imported be inserted in the cockers, and that such price be further ascertained by a reference to the fide bonis of the Bast India company, copies whereof, or of such pans thereof as Hull relate to the tea so imported, attdled by the principal accountant, or d-'putv accountant for the trine being, of the East India company, the com-r.iifiioacis of the revenue are required to procure from time to time for the pur-pefes aforesaid, and which copies being verified by affidavit made before the lord ni.iu'i- of London Aw the time being, and being aitccted by a notary public at the city of London, lluil without further proof either of the find affidavit, or of the copies, be admitted as evidence in all suns commenced or arising upon this art.

Vill. And be it enncled, That where any person flail import crude-brimstone or f.dc-pfiie, and find! nuke u!c of the fame in extracting therefrom oil of vitriol or ujuafi»ni‘,j such pcil'on shall be cntiiied to receive, and the collector of the ltnrt or dilliich witi'in uhieh such crude brlmflone and silt-pelre Audi have been imported, il..ill repay to such person all such duties as have been paid by him on the importation thereof, on his making it appear to the fttisfatlion of the com-ivlitimwTs vf the revenue by illidavit, or if a known quaktr by affirmation that inch crude biimaone and i’.dt-petre have been used in making vitriol or aquu-JoilH.

IX. And be it enacted, That an allowance after the rate of ten pounds prr centum Hull be made for the weight of every bag or pocket in which hops (half be imported during the time aforesaid, for the tare of such bag or pocket, amt a!lb an allowance at the scale of eight pounds for draft of every package that Audi contain four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight of tobacco or more, and two pounds for every fm.li package for nailage, which allowance on tobacco Aiali not lie deducted on exportation.

X. And be it enacted, Thai 11© allowance or abatement Aiali be made upon any brandy, rum, geneva, or other foreign spirifs imported into this kingdom, on account of any daTt-.V, or supposed decrease of Arength cr quantity, by reason of the hc.it of weather, or on account of the space occupied by the measuring rule, cr cf what is commonly called the wet dip.

The ih'iriyfirfi Year of George III.

m

XI. And be it en.’.dal, Tha: upon the exportation of the several goodcj wares, A I),

or merchandize, mentioned in the scheduies, marked A.B. C.D. the several i-Af

drawbacks of the said duties shall be paid and allowed as the same are respect j tivety infeTted, described, and set forth in figures in the said scheduies, marked A.B. C- D- and that the whele of the said duties inall he drawn back on futh of the said goods, waves, and merchandizes, ns are by the said scheduies, or the titles of the said scheduies, criprefild to be entitled to Inch whole drawbacks, fare ns to imported herrings, and unless cthcrwife directed by this Act; provided tha*. such goods be expoited within three years firm the importation thereof, and that due proof be made of the entry of such goods, and of the payment of the dutie-thereon, and that all other requires have been performed which are by law required to be performed for obtaining drawbacks, and in such case, such drawback-(hail without any fee or deduction be paid by the several collectors at the porft of exportation, out of any money unappropriated, anting out of any aid* or duties by them collected within one month after demand.

XII. And be it cnafited, That upon all tobacco manufactured in this kingdom, which shall be exported, there shall be allowed by way of drawback, or compensation for the duty paid on the import of the leaf tobacco, whereof it was manufactured, the sum of live pence for evtry pound weight of such manufactured tobacco; and a further sum after the rate of two shillings and three pence for every five pounds weight thereof, upon proof being nude that such manufactured tobacco paid the inland or excise duty payable thereon.

XIII. And be it enacted, That no duty shall be paid on the importation into this kingdom, of any of the articles specified in any of the said schedules to be duty free, nor upon any woods for dyers use; provided also, that the captain, or.person having the charge, or command of the ship or veil'd importing seal Hans, do make oath before the collector, or other principal odicer at the port of importation, who is hereby required and authorized to administer the same, that the seal fleins imported therein are really and bona fide the Ikins of seals taken and caught by the crew, or by persons employed by the mailer or owner of such ship or vessel; and on failure thereof, such Ikins Avail be liable to the payment of the duty in the said schedule A. mentioned; provided also, that the mailer, commander, or other person taking charge of any ship or vessel importing raw- fdk, do deliver to the collector, or other chief officer of the port of importation, at or before the entry of such silk, such certificate as any matter, commander, or any other persons would, or ought to have received at the port where any such raw silk was put on board, in order to entitle him to land the fame duty free in this kingdom, ami do also make oath, or if a known quaker, a folcm affirmation, which oath or affirmation the said co!le£lor, or other chief officer, is hereby empowered and required to administer, that the bales, parcels, and goods, contained in such certificates are the fame which were taken on board in the said countries respectively; and on failure of performing any of the said requiutes, all such raw silk Avail be liable to the payment of the duty payable on silk, no: b»;ing of the growth or product of the llritish colonies and plantations in America.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if any person shall make, nr cause to be made any entry or entries of any raw silk, under the name or description of raw silk, of the growth or culture of your Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, not being of such growth or culture, or Audi mix, or cause to be mixed any such raw silk, with raw silk of the growth or culture of the said colonics or plantations, in order to evade the duties payable on raw silk of the growth or culture of countries other than the aforesaid colonies or plantation* j every person so making, or cauf-ing to be made such entry or entries, or mi-.ing, or causing such mixture or mixtures to be made, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence, and

Vol. XV.: F also

39° Tie thirty firs Year of George III.

a’ita ail rucii raw fi.k, ami in case of any mixture, t!;e quantity so mixed, tege-1 7<jr. t-':er with the value thereof, as a!lo the packages containing the fame, shall be for-I. kited} provided always, that If any doubt irull arise whether fuel; raw fi!k, or any part thereof, be of the growth or culture of the said colonies or plantations in America, the proof fit dl lie on the owner or cljimcr thereof, and not on the informer or prolocutor.

XV. And be it enacted, 'TIi.it the several and respective bounties ami allowances nml toned and exprofta.d in t!ie feheenh.*, marked G. hereunto annexed, shall he p.iid upon the exporMttaii oi the several m mufactures of tills kingdom, specified in the f.iiil febedui", a.r. in the said fehc.lule is r.iuitioned.

XVI. And Ite it en.fded, Thar fmlt bounties and allowances shall be paid our cf any monies arising from any duties grunted by parliament, and not appropriated to any particular purpnlc by the collector of the port where such goods shall be Shipped for exportation.

XVII. And whereas by a treaty of navigation and commerce, concludcdbetween -your Majesty and the mofl Christian King, wines, beer, cutlery, hard-ware, cabinet-ware, and turnery, till works of iron, Reel, copper and hrafs, and all forts of cottons manufactured in the dominions of his most Christian Majesty in Europe: also woollens, whether knit or wove, including hosiery, fadiery, gauzes; also milli-nary made of mullin, lawn, cambrick, or giuze, of the manufacture of France, or of any place belonging to, or under the dominion of his most Christian Majesty in Europe 5 also linens, cambricks, earthen-ware, pottery, and porcelain, plate, glass, and ghfs-wnre, are to be imported into this kingdom on payment of certain duties, as in the said treaty is particularly stipulated anti agreed upon; in order therefore to continue the died of the said treaty, be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two inclusive, all wines and linens, being the produce or manufacture of France; and all beer, cutlery, bard-ware, cabinet-ware, and turnery; all works of iron, steel, copper, am! brass; and all forts of cottons manufactured in the dominions of his most Christian Majesty in Europe; also woollens, whether knit or wove, including hosiery, fadiery, gauzes; also millinary made up of mullin, lawn, cambrick, or gauze, of the manufacture of France, or of any place belonging to, or under the dominion of his most Christian Majesty in Europe; also cambricks, earthen-ware, pottery, and porcelain, plate, glass, and glass-ware, may be imported into this kingdom in British or Irish built fhtp or vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to law, or in any French built ship or veil'd, wholly owned by the subjects of his most Christian Majesty, and whereof the master and three-fourths of the mariners at the lead are also subjects of his most Christian Majesty, from any port or place whatever in Europe, belonging to, or under the dominion of his most Christian Majesty, upon due entry of such goods at the custom house, in the pert cr place in this kingdom into which the same shall be respectively brought or imported, anti on payment of the several and respective duties inferred, described, and set forth in the aforesaid schedule, marked B. previous to the unshipping or landing of such goods respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninery-two inclusive, any sort of French wine may be imported into this kingdom in quart bottles or (talks, either for sale or otherwise, any law to the contrary notwithstanding; provided always, that nothing in this act contained, Inal! extend, or he construed to extend, to permit or ;«!ow the importation of any French cambricks or lawns, otherwise than in ships or vcltals of the burthen of fn:ty ions or upwards, and in bales, cases, or bo\«*

covered

Tie thirtyfirst Year of George III. 39

coveted wiili sack-clodi or c.tavafs, each of which bales, cases, or bones, Hull J)#

contain one hundred whole piece?, or two hundred detni or half pieces, of such I"7QTt c.smbricks or lawns, or the importation of any French wines, in bottles or llalks, Ch^p. j. other than in packages, each of which shall contain at tlu; lead three dozen quart bottles or {talks j and in case any French cambricks or lawns, or any French v.dnes in bottles or iLiks, shall be imported in any other form, or manner, nr in any less quantity titan ns nfovesaid, the same shall be, and are hereby declared to be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or ollicers of the revenue.

XIX. And whereas it is ftipul.ued in the said treaty of navigation and commerce, That all articles of the growth, produce, or nv.mufacture of the dominions of the said two sovereigns in Europe, not included in the sixth article of the said treaty, shall be mutually imported on payment of duties, as low as are payable on the importation of like articles from any other European nation: And whereas 2:1 such articles included in the said sixth article of the said treaty, so far as the fame relates to this kingdom, arc contained in the schedule hereunto annexed, marked D. be it enacted, That for and upon all articles, the growth, produce or manufacture of France, or of any place belonging to, or under the dominion of his moil Christian Majesty in Europe, not mentioned in the said schedule, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, directly from France, or from any place belonging to, or under the dominions of Ids most Christian Majesty in Europe, no higher duties shall be raised, levied and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, than are payable oti the importation of the like articles from any other foreign European nation, any law to the central y notwithstanding.

XX. And be it enacted, That the value of such goods, wares, or merchandizes, according to which the duties in the said schedule marked B. are ascertained, are to be answered, levied, collected, and paid, shall in all cases be taken to be so much as such imported goods, wares, or merchandizes respective!y arc really worth, and that such value and price shall be ascertained by the declaration of the inporter or proprietor of such goods, or his known agent or fattor, in manner and form following; that is to say,

I A.B. do hereby declare, that the goods mentioned in this entry, and contained in the packages (here specifying the fevered packages, and describ'tng the several marks and numbers, as the case may beJ are of the growth, produce, or manufacture (as the case may be) of and that J am the importer or proprietor thereof, or that

I am duly authorized by C.D. the importer or proprietor thereof f as the case may be) and I do yiter the fame at the value of witness my hand

day of

The above declaration signed the presence of

A.B." in the

which declaration shall be written on the warrant of the entry of such goods, wares, or merchandizes, and shall be subscribed with the name of the importer or proprietor thereof, or his known agent or factor, in the presence of one of the principal officers of the revenue of the port of importation, authorized to take such declaration, who Hull certify the fame under his hand *, and such declaration, fc* made and signed, shall be to all intents and purposes whatsoever of the fame force and efiecl/anci the importers or proprietors of such goods, wares, or merchandize, Hull be in every respect bound by such declaration, as fully and effectually as if the value of such goods, wares, or merchandize had been as heretofore ascertained by the oath or affirmation of such importer or proprietor; and if upon 5 F 2 view

SS2' 57- ihirlj-jiyjl Year of George III.

A.D.

anil examination thereof by the proper officers of the revenue, it ilv:!l appear lyqx. to ^jem that fhch goods, wares, or merchandize, or any of them, are not valued

Chap. r. according to the true price or value thereof, and according to the true intent and "V-'v.j meaning of this act; that then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said officers of your Majesty's revenue, as soon as conveniently may he, and without any unneeefi.iry delay, to take and detain such goods, wares, and merchandizes, and to cause the same to be carried and convcved into your Majesty's ;varc-heuse, cr otherwise properly secured at the pi rt of importation, for the use and benefit of your Majesty; and the conunillioners of the revenue, or any four of them, are hereby respectively empowered to direct the collector of the port in tins kingdom into which such goods, wares, or merchandize may have been imported, to p*y out of any money in his hands applicable to the fame, to the importer cr proprietor of such goods, wares, cr merchandize, the value thereof so aiecrtained as afoir-said, together with an addition of ten pounds ptr centum thereon, and also the duties paid on the importation of such goods, but without any further allowance either on account of freight, or any other char *c or crtnence whatever, which payment the said commissiotiers of your Majesty's revenue are hereby directed to cause to be made within one month after the goods shall have been so taken ur.d detained.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That such payment so made to the importer, or proprietor of such good’., wares, or merchandise respectively, shall be deemed and taken to be in full f.uisfaclion for the fame, to all intents and purposes, as if such goods, wares, or merchandize respectively had been regularly fold; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, whether the value of the goods, wares, or merchandize, so respectively ascertained as aforesaul, together with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and also of the duties paid on the importation thereof, be demanded or not, to cause the said goods, wares, cr merchandize respectively to he fairly and publickly sold to the befc advantage j and in case there shall be any overplus remaining from the produce of such file, after deducting the value so ascertained as aforesaid, together with the addition of ten -pounds per centum thereon, and of the duties paid on the importation thereof, and ulfo the charges arising from the warehousing and sale of such goods, the said commissioners shall and may order one moiety of such overplus to be paid to the fever:! and respective olhcers of the revenue concerned in the view and examination of such goods, wares, or merchandize, as an encouragement for the faithful discharge of their duty, and the other moiety of such overplus, together with the amount of the value of the goods so ascertained as aforesaid, with the addition of ten pounds per centum, and nlfo of the duties paid on the importation thereof, shall he paid into the hands of the collector of the port within which such goods shall hive been fold, for the use of your Majesty; but in case the produce of such file, after deducting the charges anting from the warehousing, securing, and sale of such goods, fivall not amount to so much as the value of such goods so ascertained as aforesaid, with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and of the diuiuc paid cm the importation thereof, lint then and in such case, the whole produce of the sale of such goods, after deducing the charges arising from the v.urchouiing, securing and sale thereof, shall be paid to the collector of the non within which such goods shall have been so fold, for the use of your Majesty.

XXII. And be it enacted, That whatever money shall be paid into the hands of ar.v such collector, c» account of the produce of such sale, shall be by him accounted for, in like manner ar. it such money had been received by him for or on

'eceuni of the duties hereby granted.

The thirty-firfr Year of George III. 393

XXIII. And be it enacted, That for and upon the several goods, wares, and J), merchandize, mentioned in the schedules or tables, marked D. and E. hereunto 1791, annexed, which shall be exported from this kingdom during the time aforesaidj QJjap, f, there shall be raised, collected, levied, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the several duties and impofirions mentioned in figures in the said schedule or table, in lieu and full satisfaction of all subsidies and duties payable on the exportation of such wares and merchandize from this kingdom, during the time aforesaid, and no longer 5 and for and upon the foreign spirits in the said schedule hereunto annexed, and marked D. which Quill, during the time aforesaid, be exported from this kingdom to any Britishi colony or plantations in America, or the "West Indies, or to any Britishi settlement on the coast of Africa, there Hull be paid for every gallon thereof, the several duties in the said schedule respectively mentioned.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That no subsidy, or duty whatsoever, shall be payable lo your Majesty, you: heirs and successors, from the said twcrity-lifrii day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, upon the exportation of any goods or merchandize, the product or manufacture of this kingdom, not mentioned in the said schedules, marked 1). and E. except the alnage duties.

XXV. And be it enacted, That no custom, subsidy, or duty whatsoever, shall be payable on the export to any place whatsoever, of logwood of the growth or produce of the Britishi settlements in America or the West Indies, provided the lame be exported in Britishi or Irish flopping, nor upon any lead ore exported to Great Britain.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That no duty flinll be paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, upon the exportation of any flour, or upon any rapeseed oil, made and manufactured in this kingdom, nor upon any flfli which shall be cured in this kingdom;' and that no duty whatsoever shall be payable on the exportation of gold or silver bullion, or foreign coin whatsoever, cut or uncut, to any place whatsoever, except to the Britishi settlements o»i the coast of Africa, or to the British plantations in America or the West Indies; nor shall any entry whatsoever on the exportation of such bullion or coin, except to the Britishi settlements on the coast of Africa, or the Britishi plantations in America or the West Indies, be required or demanded for the fame, by any officer of your Majesty's revenue, any law to the contrary notwithstanding; provided that all such goods ana merchandize, the product or manufacture of this kingdom, as may be exported without paying any duty, touching which no special provision is made by any law, may be exported, so that due entry of such goods and merchandize be first made at the custom-house of the port where the same shall be exported, which entry shall express die quantity and quality of the respective goods so to be exported, and shall be made in all respects in the same manner as was used ami practised in respect of any goods exported before the making of this act, and so as the fame be shipped by the proper officer for that purpose, and so as the exporter do first make oath, or if a known quaker, a solemn affirmation, before the customer, comptroller, or other chief officer of such port, which oath or affirmation such officer is hereby required and empowered to administer, that such goods are of Irish manufacture or product, and in default of performing the said requisites, or any of them, such goods and merchandize, the product or manufacture of this kingdom, shall be liable to the payment of duties as if this act had not been made, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That there shall be raised, collected, levied and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, and no longer, upon the several goods, wares, merchandize, articles and things, men-

Vol. XV. 5 G tioned,

_J94 The {hirty-jirji Year of 'Gc.orge I'll.

A. £). tioned, (cl forth, and described in the schtdulc or table marked F. hereunto au-1791. nexed, the fever.il sums of money, and duties of inland excise, as they are respect

:Chap. I, t*vcW inserted, described, and set forth in tile said schcdul*.

U——y—XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the fcvetal liccife* mentioned in the said schctlule marked F. on which the respective <lut-e. mentioned therein are to be paid, shall continue in force until the tw-aiy-fmh day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and no longer.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That there shall be paid to every person exporting malt out of this kingdom, on which the duty payable thereon by t! is aft shall have been paid, a drawback of two shillings and six pence lor each barrel thereof, by the collector of the port from which such malt shall be exported, out of any money in his hands, arising from any unappropriated aids or duties granted to his M:\jef-ty; or if. such malt shall be exported within the time allowed by law for the payment of the duties thereon, then the charge upon inch malt shall be vacated for so much as shall be exported upon the person or persons exporting the fame, performing regularly the fame requisites, and complying with the like regulations and restrictions as are to be made and observed by persons exporting any article

'whereon any bounties or drawbacks are payable for obtaining the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all {pints distilled within this kingdom, which shall be shipped for exportation, and for which any allowance or drawback Avail be claimed, shall be of a strength, not less than a itrength equal to five degrees, or ten per cent, under hydrometer proof j and the person or persons who shall export the same to any place, except Great Britain, or to the islands of Faro or.Fcrro,'in the manner herein after directed, shall be entitled to, and shall re* ceive one (lulling and one penny half-penny per gallon, for every gallon of such lpirtlS, and of such degree of strength so to be exported, as and for a drawback of the whole excise paid for the same, which shall be in lieu of all drawbacks or allowances heretofore given on such export, any act or ?.ft$ to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That if the spirits or brandies so to be exported, shall be of greater strength than of five degrees under hydrometer proof, there shall be paid a further drawback, after the rate of one penny half-penny per gallon, over and above the sum of one shilling and one penny half-penny aforesaid, for every four degrees which the same shall exceed the strength above mentioned, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; provided always, that no drawback on any one gallon of spirits or brandies, shall exceed in the whole the sum of one shilling and seven pence.

XXXII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend to

repeal or alter the duties upon coals, intposed by an act passed 111 the twenty-.third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for continuing ami amending an act passed in the twenty-fecund year of his present Majestys reign, entitled, An act for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by making wide and convenient pnjfages through the fame, and fr regulating the ceal trade thereof, and for other purposes; nor the duties upon beer, ale, and spirits or strong waters, payable by virtue of an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for continuing and amending three federal aft;, one pfljfd in the reign of his late Majesty George the fecontl, and the other two in his Present Alajeffs reign, for making the river Largan navigable, and opening a communication by between Loughneagh and the town of Belfast, and for enabling the

commissioncvs therein named to raise money by assignment of said duties, for the more expeditious and elseftunl carrying on said work j nor to efleft any drawback of the said duties thereby allowed.

XXXIir. And

T7.>e thlriy-jirp. 'Year of Georgii III. 395

VXXIII. And be it further enacted, That eight pence per gallon of so much of fiit duty by this act imposed on all brandy, strong waters, and spirits perfectly made, and spirits not above proof, made and-diddled of wine; and a further sum Cfo-jp I of ten pence per gallon of so much of the duty impeded on all rum, or other fpi-ms of the growth and produce of your Majesty's fugaT colonics in America', amt »-further sum of one (hiding and eight pence per gallon of so much«of the duty nnposed on all brandy, geneva, and all other spirits, except of the growth and produce of your Mijeily’s sugar colonies in America > and ten pence per gallon of the duties-on all a'ltia vhj, spirits and ftrotig waters, made and distilled in this kingdom} ami such further duties ns shall be paid on all foreign spirits, in proportion to the duties payable for single spirits of the fame denomination, according to riic comparative degree of (rrength which such spirits bear to single spirits of the fame denomination; and one moiety of the duty on all playing cards, made, manufactured and vended in this kingdom, shall be applied towards the payment of the several principal sums due on debentures and trezfury bills, and the imereft thereof, and of the life and other annuities, as directed by any act or acts of parliament passed during the fertion.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That so much of the duties by this act imposed on chocolate, and cocoa nuts, as fiu!i remain after deducting the amount-of the hereditary duties thereon, and cut of the duties imposed upon codec, the sum of three hundred and fifty pounds shall he paid to the trustees appointed for the management of the hempen and flaxen manufactures of this kingdom, to be by them applied to encourage and support the said manufactures, and the trade thereof in this kingdom; and that so much of the duties by this act imposed on raw and un-Unned hides, and on lin-feed oil imported, as shall remain after deducting the hereditary duties thereon, shall be. paid to the said trustees, to be by them applied towards encouraging and raising of flax-feed in this kingdom} and that nine shillings per barrel of the duty by this act imposed upon all herrings, except Britishi herrings, shall be applied to encourage the fhherics of this kingdom, in such manner as Hull be directed by parliament.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all duties paid to, and all sums granted to the trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures, shall be exempted from the payment of all fees.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several sums granted by this act, or any other acts of parliament now in force in this kingdom, and appropriated to encourage the railing sufficient -quantities cf flax.feed and hemp, and for the encouragement of the hempen manufactures in the province of Leinster, Munller, and Connaught, shall be applied to such purposes only, and no other; and that a separate and distinct: account shall be kept by the proper officer of the application thereof, and be laid before parliament.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That all monies to arise from the said duty of one (lulling upon every entry inwards in the port of Dublin, except as aforesaid, shall be paid by the collector of the said port, who is hereby authorized to demand and receive the same, to the trustees of the royal exchange, in^ the city of Dublin, to be by them applied towards discharging the debts by them contrafted for building, furnishing, and repairing the fame, and for the future repairs thereof, to be accounted for before the commissioners of imprest accounts.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That no cambricks, buns, or glass whatsoever, except of the manufacture of Great Britain, or the European dominions of France, nor any gold or silver lace, except of the manufacture of Great Britain, shall be imported into this kingdom in any ship or vessel whatsoever, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such lace, cambricks, and lawns, and glass, and treble the

5 G a value

396

The thirty-first Year of George III.

A D. va*ue hereof; and of the forfeiture of the fljip or vessel in which the same shall be imported, with all her gum, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel.

treasurers, receiver or p.iynnfter-general, clerk of the pells, nor any officer or officers of this kingdom, for or on account of the tiliiitig or payment of any sum or firms of money, arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of the aids hereby granted unto your Majesty, and appropriated to the payment of the said interest and annuities} and that the said peace per pound, and all -other fees, which stall or may be payable to the said vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver or paymaster-general, clerk of the pells, or any ether officer or officers of this kingdom, upon issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money, which shall or may arrfc out of, or shall or maybe received for, or on account of the several other duties and aids hereby granted to your Majesty, shall be applied by the said vice treasurer or treasurers, receiver or paymaster-general, for the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, in aid and addition to the duties hereby granted, and fltaii be duly accounted for by him or them.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every the several and respective duties, rates, and Impositions hereby granted, and all penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed, and not otherwise-hereby specially provided for, shall be raised, answered, levied, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, in like manner, except as to bonding the said duties, or any discount for prompt payment, and by such ways and means, and methods, and by such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers as are appointed, directed, and expressed for the railing, nn-fwering, collecting, and paying of duties in and by an act made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling of the exrife or new itnpojl upon his Majesty^ his fairs and successsrS) according to the booh of rotes therein itferted\ or by any other law of force relating to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, as fully and effee-'tually to all intents and purposes, ns if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted by this act, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party aggrieved, as in and by (he said act of excise, or any other law or laws now in being relating to the duties of excise is provided.

XLT. And be it further enacted, That a separate and distinct account shall be kept by the proper officer or officers of the several sums arising from the aforesaid several aids and taxes hereby granted as aforesaid; and that the commissioners of your MajestyVrevcnue shall return the weekly ahftra&s of their several collectors to the accountant-general, and that the accountant-general shall return a separate account of the aforesaid sums arising from the same aids, duties, and taxes hereby granted to the vice-treasurer or vice-treasure.rs, his or their deputy or deputies} and that every collector or receiver do take a separate receipt for the fame when paid into your Majesty's treasury} which receipt the said vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, is and are hereby required to give accordingly.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the several saros herein after mentioned, be paid out of the several duties and aids granted to your Majesty, by this act, to the persons and for the purposes herein after mentioned; that is to fity, the sum of four thousand pounds to the right honourable the speaker of the house of commons, to enable him to maintain the state and dignity of his office} the sum of ten thousand pounds for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, to the trustees for encouraging the hempen and ftaxen manufactures of this kingdom, to be by them applied in such manner

The shirty-fujl Year of George III. 397

as Hull appear to them to be the motl conducive to promote the said mauut'aclures A.D. the said sum of ten thousand pounds being given to them in the place and Head of 1791, a like sum heretofore appropriated to bs paid to them out of the full produce of Chap, I. die duties on teas; the sum of five hundred pounds to the right honourable John Monk Mason, chairman of the committees of supply and ways and means, for his services during this session of parliament; the sum of five hundred and forty pounds to Robert Thoroton, esquire, clerk of this house, as a reward for his attendance1 and service this session of parliament; the sum of three hundred ami fifty pounds to Benjamin Higgins, clerk assistant, as a reward for his attendance and service this fetTion of parliament; the sum of three hundred and twenty pounds to James Corry, clerk of the journals and records, as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament; the sum of one hundred and forty pounds to Dawfun Ellis, clerk of the engroflments, as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament; the sum of five hundred pounds to George Frederick Winstanley and Jonathan Rogers, committee clerks, as a reward for their attendance and service this session of parliament, to be equally divided between them; the sum of six hundred and seventy pounds to Dixie Coddington, esquire, serjeant at arms, as a reward for his attendance and service this iVlfion of parliament; the sum of seventy pounds to Laurenzo SenG, as a reward for Ins trouble ami attendance in delivering the notes to the members this session of parliament; the sum of two hundred pounds to James M‘Cowen and Henry Holmes, door-keepers to this house, as a reward for their attendance and service this session of parliament, to be equally divided between them; the sum of seven hundred pounds to be given to the speaker, to be by him divided among the back door-keepers and messengers attending this house, being twenty in number, and the other attendants, in such manner *as he shall direct; the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds to Thomas L’Eilrange, for his extraordinary care and trouble in attending this house as deputy serjeant at arms; the sum of two hundred pounds to Robert Thoroton, esquire, for his trouble and expence in preparing copies, superintending the printing, and making an index to the twenty-seventh volume of the journals of this house; the sum of one hundred and twelve pounds to James King, and Abraham Bradley King, for priming the public accounts laid before the home this session of parliament; the sum of five hundred pounds to the speaker of this house, to be applied by him in the manner directed by this house, with respect to a similar sum granted in the last session of parliament for the better arrangement of business in the clerks offices; the sum of three hundred and forty pounds to Thomas Burgh, esquire, accountant general, as a Reward for his expence and trouble in preparing and Rating the public accounts of the nation, laid before this house this session of parliament; the sum of eight hundred pounds toJohnTydd, esquire, in confuleration of his extraordinary attendance, care, and cxpciice in die office of paymaster of corn premiums; the sum of two hundred pounds to the right honourable lord Anna!)*, examinator of customs, as a reward for his cxpcnco ant! trouble in preparing anti making out the account of the imports and exports for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, pursuant to the order of this house; the sum of seventy pounds to Iier.ry Smyth, deputy pay-master of corn premiums, for his extraordinary trouble am! expence in pieparing accounts by him laid before this house for one year, ending at Midsummer, one thousand seven hundred and ninety; the sum of two hundred pounds to lVul Le Bas, examinator of corn premiums, on account of the great increase of his trouble in examining and keeping accounts cf such premiums, and for Ids expcr.ccs in payment of clerks in the year ending at Lady-day, one thousand seven hundred and ninety; the sum of one hundred and forty pounds to John Smart, deputy accountant general, for his extraordinary trouble this firfllon of parliament, and fu-V 0 I-. XV. J I perintendin?

'The thirty-frf Year of George III.

D, perintending the printing of the public accounts *, the sum of one hundred and forty pounds, to Anthony Ferguson, aflillant examiuator of customs, for his extra-ordinary trouble in making up the several accounts by him laid before this house,

"*0 and attending the.house this session of parliament; the sum of one hundred and forty pounds to John Swan, esaminator of excise, for his extraordinary trouble and expence in preparing accounts for tins house j the sum of five hundred and eighty-one pounds ten shillings, to James King, and Abraham Bradley King, printers to this house, for printing and binding five hundred copies of the twenty-seventh volume of the journals, for the use of the members of this house > the sum of eighty pounds to Elizabeth Molloy, for the additional expences incurred by her in the articles of coal and candle, which (he is obliged to furnish in the new buildings, in the interval between this and the next session of parliament j the sum of five hundred pounds to Robert Thoroton, esquire, to be by him distributed as'he shall think fit, among the several clerks who have been, or may be employed occasionally this session to attend the select committees appointed by this house to try the merits.of controverted elections and returns , the sum of five hundred pounds to Thomas Winder, esquire, as a reward for the trouble by him taken in conference of the trull veiled by this house in the commissionen of his Majesty's revenue, for the recovery of the debt due to his Majesty, by the late Sir Henry Cavendish, baronet, late teller of the Exchequer} rite sum of rive hundred and six-ty-eight pounds fifteen shillings to Anthony Ferguson, for his extraordinary trouble in preparing a schedule for consolidating the duties on goods imported under the direction of this house this session of parliament; and rite sum of forty seven thousand five hundred pounds to be applied in such manner as parliament shall direct, for the advancement of trade and manufactures, and the maintenance of hospitals, charities, public institutions, and the further improvement of this kingdom, by building churches, and other public works.

Schedule

The thirty frjl Year of George III.

Schedule A.

399

A.D.

1791, Chap. i.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, whether imported directly from Great Britain or from other Countries; which Duties, so paid, are, upon due Exportation thereof within Three Years after Import, wholly drawn back, except those paid on Foreign Goods imported from any other Country than Great Britain, and afterwards exported to any of the British Plantations in America, or the West Indies, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

From Great Britain. British. j Foreign. From other Countries.

INWARDS. £ ' £ 4. d. £. i. d.

Adzes for coopers, the dozen, — — ‘ — a 7 — x9

Aggets, small as a bean, the hundred dozen, — 1 S — 2 10 — 3 1

Aggets, large, the piece, — — it ,i

Ale, vide beer.

fEnglish, the hundred weight, containing S \ ii 2lb. - 1 4

~ j but if for dyers use, free. (-Vide allum in drugs, (Roach or Romish). Almonds, vide grocery.

Alphabets, the set, containing twenty-four 6i —* I I — 12

Alphifti, or canary feeds, the hundred weight,

containing 11 alb. — — — y ti r— 7 II —921

(The pound — — — ~ — *— 1 \ I- 7*

o \The mail, containing two pounds and an

E 1 half - It — II

/ 1-Beads, the pound — —_~ T I - *4 — 43 — 47

Anchovies, the little barrel, containing sixteen pounds of fish -

- i 7 — I 0

ror creepers of iatten, the pound 11 21 — — 3

Andirons, < of iron wrought in England, the ( pair — — — II

Anniseeds, vide grocery Annotto, the pound — — 2

but if for dyers use, free.

jH: Anvils,

4<3<*

27* thirty-jhjl Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain.

British.

- 4i

I I

' i 5 > 7

7

1 .'3

INWARDS.' j^. r. i. Anvils, Englishi, the hundred weight, containingli2lb.

£ f The bushel -

"&< The barrel, containing three bushels < [Dried, or-pears* thebarrel —

Argalj white or red, or powder, the i islb.

- but if for dyers use, free.

AIhes;vocat. pot ;afties,-wood or soap ashes/ free;

Awl blades, the thousand, Engltfh, - tol

A'wl hafts, the groce — —‘-----8

f EnglUh, for carpenters,-the-groce — i i

Aulgursj |.pore-]gnj for carpenters, the groc»

Axes, or hatchets, the dozen — —* —'9

Babies, or puppets, for children, the groce:

combining twelve dozen -

Babies heads, of earth, the dozen —

’ Backs for chimnies, vide iron.

Bacon, of England or Wales, the Flitch -

________ of Westphalia, and all’ foreign, the hundred, containing ri2lb. —

pgreat,- the hundred, containing. 12c balks, -

- , iu foreign {hips -

Note, 4M gwt balks, cf right inches fqttare, and upwards, art to he rated and pay as timber.

Balks, i Middle, under eight, and above five inches square, the hundred, containing 120 balks —

- , in foreign ships —

Small, five inches and under, the hundred, containing 120 balks

1-----, in foreign ships *—

f Gold balances,- the groce, containing % V twelve dozen pair JS / Ounce balances, the groce, containing twelve dozen pair — —*

A f Tennis balls, the thousand —

< Wash-balls, the groce, containing twelve w {_ dozen -

Bands of iron for kettles, the hundred weight: containing 112lb. —

Bands, vide lace.

Bandftrings, the dozen knots —

Bandflring twifl, vide twist.

The piece, not above ten Barbers aprons, 3 yards —

or checks, I And for every yard of linen: not Britishi —

- 2 5

- 4

- 6,4

- 8 s

-^28

- 75

- 39

Foreign.

From other Countries.

£. s. d.

2 10.

2 7.-

~ 6 4

- 11 7

- 10

- 24

- 2 10

- 1 5

- 4 7

- 1 7

3

2 ,j

- 64

- 16 10

~ 8 5 7 11

- 6 10

- 49

6\

1 17 10

263.

ij 4 16 10

7 -

8 5

- 18 3

92 8 7

7 7

12 3

4 11

_ 6J

Barilla,

The thirty-jhjl Year of George III. Schedule A. From Great Britain.

British.

INWARD S. \£. s. <I.

Barilla, free as allies.

Bark, per barrel, -

Barlings, the hundred, containing no — *4 5

- [iX foreign ships

'of silk, the yard — —14

And for every pound weight of silk, not of the manufacture of Great Britain,

| China, Persia, or the Ball Ini' dies -

BailiroJies, vide battery.

Balkct rods, three feet about at the band

Bombazines, i

Bails or straw hats,

Basons of latten, the pound —

Bast ropes, the hundred wt. containing nib.

r knotted, the dozen plain, the dozen Battery, boftirones, or kettles, the H2lb. f Amber, vide Amber.

Bone, the great groee, containing twelve fmal! groce -

1 Box, the great groce -

Chrystal, the thousand —*

1 Coral, the pound -

Glass and wood of all forts, the great groce -

jlafs, the small groce, containing twelve dickers -

Jasper, square, the hundred ftoues Beer, ale and porter, except of the produce 01 manufacture of France, or the French dominions in Europe, for every 32 gallons Beer, vocal, fpruee beer, the gallon —

Bell metal, the hundred weight, containing mlbs.

Bellows, the pair -

Bellows pipes, the groce —

(Clapper bells, the pound —

Dogs bells, the great groce, containing 144 ~ I Dozen -

I Horse bells, the small groce, containing 1: v dozen -

Birds of stone, vide whittles.

Bilhooks, the dozen -

Bits for bridles, the dozen —

Blacking, or lamp-black, the nibs.

f Foils, the dozen —

) Knives and forks, the groce / Razors, the dozen —

Swords, British, coarse, the dozen

S I

£. d

~ 14 s

Blades for<

Foreign.

From other Countries.

£ '

l6 2

- 4 4 — 4 4

- 9} — — 9* — — to)

- 5 — —9— — to

- 2 — 4_4

- 11 — — 11 1 —

- ‘9 — I s j 7

- 2 — — 4 — — 5

1591 H 1! 1 17 10

_ 3 2 6 4 6 JO

- 3 2 — 6 4 — <5 10

- 6 4 — 12 8 — 13 8

- 2 8 — 49> 1

- I 1 - 2 1 — 2 4

5 10 — — 11

4 3 — 8 592

4 3* — 4 3i — 4 't 1 or

- 2f — — 5 G

3 6 - 3 6 — A I

- 3 — — 5 — — 6

- 2 2 — 4 3 — 4 7

- 11 —~ *s — 3

- 1 4 - 3 — — 3 3

- 1 I - 2 2 — 2 4

1 4 — 2 6 — 29

- 1 1 — 2 2 — 2 4

- 8 5 - 8 S —910

- iof — 1 8|- — 1 JO

- 1 S ~ 2 10 — 3

1 8 4 / 1 4 — 5 [Hankers

4Q 2

A.D 1791. Cfop. 1.

The thirty-first Year of George I’ll. Schedule A.

From Great Britain. 1 From other

British.

Blankets,

INWARDS.

f Paris mantles, coloured, the mantle < Paris mantles, or others, uncolour-

L ed, the mantle —

BofTes for bridles, the small groce, containing 12 dozen -

'Barrel boards, the 120 boards, in foreign {hips

Boards.

Clap boards, the 120 boards - in foreign fiiips

boards

in foreign ships

Boom spars, the hundred, containing 120

- , in foreign {hips —

Books unbound, the hundred weight, conta ingmlbs.

f of glass, uncovered, the dozen —

J For the duties on glass from France, 1 3 fckedule B.

o j of (tone, the dozen -

pq 1

j of wood, called fucking bottles, the gro containing twelve dozen — Bottoms for feives, vide hair.

Bows, vocat. (lone bows of steel, the piece Bows staves, the 120 staves —

- , in foreign Grips —

twelve dozen boxes -

Nest boxes, the groce, containing twt dozen -

Pepper boxes, the groce, containing twt dozen -

Sand boxes, the groqe, containing twt dozen -

Soap boxes, the (hock, containing th score boxes -

Spice boxes, the dozen —

twelve dozen —

Brandy, vide spirits.

’Lamps, the dozen —

Laver cocks, the pound —

Old, or fhruff (vide fhruff) the hundred \ weight, containing 112lbs.

® Piles weights, the pound —

Scales and weights, the dozen pair ^-Trumpets, the dozen —

Foreign. , Countries.

C- /. I '£ I

- 29

- 22

3

- 26

- I — 2 2 — 2 4

- 10 10 — 10 10 — 10 11

- II I

- 6 — 6 — 6 4

5 ~ " 6 10

- 2 2 — 2 2 — 2 6

3 2

i— 1 s — I 5 — I 8

- 4 I r — 4 I — 5 6

- 6 8

- 2 2 — 2 2 — 2 6

- 1 I — I9— I 11

- 1 I — I I — I 3

- 1 I 2 2 — 2 4

- s s — 8 s —910

12 8

- r 5 2 10 — 3 r

- 4 , 0 8 5 —92

- 1 7 — 3 2 — 3 C

- 1 5 — 2 10 — 3 I

- 2 IO — 5 8 — 6 I

- *— 5 — 10 — — II

- 19— 3 10 - 4 2

- 1 1 — 2 2 — 2 4

- I — 3it 1 — — 4

- 6 4 — 6 — 7 s

- 11 — — 2? — — il

- 4^ — —9— — 10

1 4 — 2 7 — 29

Bricks-

The thirty frfl Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain. Britishi. i Foreign.

i

£ '

3 6 6 8 — 2 IS9

13 8

1 7

" 7

- 61

INWARDS. £t

The thousand bricks-stones —

Flanders tile, to scour with, the thousand

Galley tiles, the foot (fix to the foot)

Pan tiles the thousand -

'"Paving tiles, the thousand —

Bridles, the dozen -

Brimstone, the hundred wt. containing mlhs.

Bristles, rough or undreft, the dozen pounds

- , of Muscovy, in foreign flaps —

—, drafted, the dozen pounds —

- , of Muscovy, in foreign ships —

Broaches of lattin or copper, the groce, containing twelve dozen — fBeard brushes, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

I Comb brushes, the groce, containing twelve dozen Head brushes, the dozen Rubbing brushes, the dozen Weavers brushes, the doaen coarse, the dozen — fine or head brushes, the

of heath, < dozen - -9j—

called rubbing brushes, the

' dozen — i£ —

iBrufhes for hats and clothes, the dozen Buckles, for girdles, the small groce, containing twelve dozen -

- , for girths, the groce, containing twelve

dozen -

- , vocat. shoe buckles of brass or iron;

the groce, containing twelve dozen pair Bugles, fGrwt, the pound -

(Small or feed bugle, the pound Bullion, vide plate.

Burrs for mill-stones, the hundred containing five score —

f the barrel —

Butter, < of England, the hundred weight,

(. containing 112)bs. —

Bugle, brass, steel, copper or latten, the great groce, containing twelve small groce, every groce twelve dozen °|Bugle, the dozen <—

3 *{ Crystal, the dozen —

| Fine damask work, the dozen [ Glass, the great groce, containing twelve j small groce —

lHair, the groce, containing twelve dozen —

5 1 2

£ ' i-

- 39

- 72

- 16 8

- 14 5

- 1 3 --8

5

2 10 1 5

- 61 — 8

49

- 2i

I I

4 4

1 7

2 7

- 10 1 5

491 1

- S s

- 1 1 — 2

From oilier Countries.

- 2 4

- ^; — 2 10 :—

- > 4

- 1 8

29

1 7

3 1 ' 7 3*

- 7i

—9

- ' 7

1 2

- 47 19

- 2 1,

- J 8

- ‘ 5

- 6 1

7 :-----7

! Buttons

The thirty-first Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Great Britain. British. Foreign. From other Countries.

INWARDS. £ * L- j. d. £. s.

'Handkerchiefs, ihe grope, containing

w twelve dozen — — — 3 2 — 7 s — S t

Sill;, the great groce, containing twelve

small groce — — - 4 3 — 64 — 6 8

Thread, the great groce, containing twelve

small groce — — — I I — 2 2 — 24

Cables, tarred or -untarred, the hundred \vt containing mlbs.

Caddas or crewel riband, the dozen pieces, every piece containing thirty-six yard:

/ Per yard —

And if mixed with fiik, (except the Cafioy manufacture of Great Britain, China, Persia or the East Indies,) per pound weight —

Callicoes, painted or ftaiued, per yard Calf ddns in the hair, the piece —

("Half fill:, half hair, the yard foreign

Cameletto

And, (excepting the manufacture

of Great Britain, China, Perfta I or the East Indies, for every I pound weight —

Canary feeds, vide alphifti.

Candle plates or wallers, of brass or latten, the pound -

Candles of tallow, the pound —

f Of brass or latten, the pound Candlesticks < Iron, the dozen —

I Of wire, the dozen —

Candlewick, the hundred weight, containing

mlbs.

f for manufacturers use, free.

Canes < Wood, the dozen —

(The (hock, containing sixty canes Cant- CThe hundred, containing fix score

spars £ - in foreign ships

Capers, the hundred weight, containing

mlbs. — — - 7

Cap hooks, or hooks ends, the groce, contain-1

ing twelve dozen pair — — i -

Cipr.ivcns the hundred, containing fix score '— 7 ftf

- f jn for cign ships -

N.B. A eapravntj is /: boat in.fi 5/ twelve inches ch'cumfrence in the middle.

Caps of woollen, the dozen —; if

3 2 4

- 1 1

- 64

- ! 4

4 4 —

3 8 -----2I

- 24

TT 1 1 6|9

- 8 5

1 " _L_L 5 2

1 t3 3

4 4 1

- 4

- 41

- 1 i

- 1 5 8 5

- 10

- 44 3 3

t 12

- 11 6

- 6 10

- 1 6

4 4 —

- 26

4 4 —

- 4

- 1

1 2

- 7

—910

- 11

- 4 7 1 J3 13 i 15 —

- 12 6

—9—

- II 7

- 4 2v — 4

The thirtj-jir/l Year of George III. Schedule A.

I N w ARDS.

rPlaying cards, the groce, containing \ twelve dozen pair (or packs)

J Wool cards, old, the dozen pair —

(.—--;—, new, the dozen pair —

f Of England or Scotland, the piece — r Short, the piece —

'* Turkey

3} or £* Venice,

From Great Britain. British. Foreign.

t. il. 89

- 1 5

1$ 17 a 7-

i zi

3 5

Carving Tools, vide Tools.

- , Turkey, in foreign lliips

Long, containing four yards and upwards, the piece

Turkey, in foreign {hips

- 149

Gilt,

fof Number 3 and 4, thedozen — of — . 5 and 6t the dozen —

of-----7 and 8, the dozen —

i of ----- -9 and 10, and up-

I wards, the dozen —

And besides, for every ounce

I of plate used in gilding

Sof Number 3 and 4, thedozen

of-----5 and 6, the dozen

of-----7 and 8, the dozen

- of

9 and 10, the dozen

r

*. o

- 5

—9

1 1

1 5

- 6£

{Single, the groce, containing twelve dozen —

Double, the groce, containing twelve dozen —

With wooden eombs, garnished, the dozen —.

With small ivory combs, garnished, the

dozen —.

With middle fort ivory combs, garnished, the dozen -

With large ivory combs, garnished, the dozen .— ___

For needles, or pin cases, the groce, containing twelve dozen __________

!the groce, ungilt, containing twelve dozen — the groce, gilt, containing twelve dozen —

Catlings, vide harpftrings and luteftrings. Caveare, the hundred weight, containing 112lb. Cauldrons, or pans, iron, the hundred weight Chafing C of brass or latten, the pound —

Dishes, fof iron, thedozen —

for dogs, coarse, the dozen —

£ for keys or purses, fine, the dozen Chairs of walnut tree, the piece —

' — 5

- 7

r9

- 2 2

- 43

£ 4. A

15 18 7

4 —

5 —

- 10

1 6

- 22

- 2 10

4 3 8 S 1 55

- 6\

- 3

- 79

- 43

- 8 f

- 43

- 5 8

- 8 5 16 10

- 2 10

From other Countries.

- 17 A

- 1 8

- 24

- 3 ‘

Chains,

2 2 2 2

- li

' 5

- S

- 10

1 1

- 9

°z 3

- 5

- 8

- 2 1

- 4 7

-92

- 4 V

- 6 I

-92

- 18 3

- 3 I

- 3 I

- 6 I

- .4 7

- 4 7

4

- 3 I

- 10

- I 10

- I 3

Chainlets

iv6

The thirtyfirst Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain. Britishi. Foreign.

Chainlets*

4 4 —

Chefs,

Ghcfts

of

Iron,

INWARD S.

'unwatered, or mohair, the yard watered, the yard — half silk, half hair, the yard And for every lb. weight, if made|of, or mixed with fiik, (except|the manufacture of Great Bril' tain, China, Persia, or the Fall (_ Indies) -

Chariots, with ot -without the appurtenances;

each -

Chapes for daggers, vide lockers.

Checks, vide barbers aprons*

Cheese, the hundred weight, containing i I2lb-j-

r Boards, the dozen < Men, the groce, containing twelve (. dozen —

- Small, three quarters of a yard long, or middle fort, one yard long; the piece -

Large, one yard and, quarter long, the piece -

pSmall, (half a hundred weight and Chimney) downwards) the piece Backs, / Large,(abouthalf.ahundredweight) the piece -

Chificls for joiners, the dozen —

Chocolate, the pound -

Cinders of iron, vide iron ore, —

Cinnamon, vide grocery.

Citterns of latten, the pound —

Citterns, the dozen -

Clap-holt, or Clap-boards, vide boards.

Claricords, the pair -

Clay called fire clay, and sand, free.

Cloves, vide grocery.

Coaches or berlins, with or without the appurtenances, each — *—

Coais, the ton -

Cochaneil, all forts, free;.

Cocks or bellows, vide whittles.

Cocoa nuts, vide drugs.

Coffee, of any other than British plantation produce, for every pound weight thereof

- , of the Britishi plantations, vide sche-

dulc D-

Note, upon paying down $s,6Jfor every hundred weight s andfeatring the remainder oj duty, coffee may be warehoused in like man t:ery and under the /ante regulations us to-hew

- o 6

- r5 5

- 2 IO

- 5

- 6*

6 6 —

From other Countries.

- 5

- 8

4 4 —

-4 3

- 27

95

- 43

- 6

9*

- 8?

- 6f

- 4 6

3-

5

- 3

- 6v

i Coffin,

Tie thirty-first Year of George III. Schedule A.

From Great Britain. Britishi. { Foreign.

(From other Countries.

Compasses,

INWARD S.

C fT J Figures and Jeffers, the groce

’ \ Handles, plates, squares, the groce|of bone, the ppund -

of box, the J groce, containing twelvej i dozen —

- I of horn, for barbers, the dozen 'g j called hoise combs, the dozen 0|of ivory, the pound

! vocat. lightwood combs, die groce, con-J J taining twelve dozen —

(jor wool, the pair, old or new — Comlits, the pound -

| of iron for carpenters the dozen [ for ships, the dozen — Copper, unwrought, the hundred weight, containing ri2lbs.

- kettles, vide battery.

Copperas, free if for dyers use.

- , white and blue, vide drugs.

Cordage, or ropes tarred or untarred, the] hundred weight, containing H2lbs.

Corks, ready made, the groce —

Cork, the hundred wt. containing nzlbs.

Cork f of iron, the thousand —

Tacks, (. of steel, die thousand —

Counters of brass or Fatten, the pound Counters, vide cabinets.

Cotton wool, vide wool.

Creepers, vide andirons.

Crolbow thread, the pound —

Cruel riband, vide caddas.

Currants, vide grocery.

Curry-combs, the dozen —

Cuttle-bones, the thousand —

Cyder, vide fyder.

Dagger blades,' the dozen —

Dates, vide grocery.

fBurgendorp deals, the hundred, containingj ftx score —

in foreign {hips

Mebro and Norway deals, the hundred,]

containing fix score —

- , in foreign flops

Spruce deals, the hundred containing fix] score -

in foreign {hips

Dimity, the yard, plain Dog couples, the dozen

5 K z

- 4

d. £. 1. d. r. 1. d.

8 — I 4 — ‘ s

6{ I I — 12

5 10 II

1 — 2 2 — 24

21 5 6

5 10 n

1 — 22 — 24

9- 1 s — 1 -

4l 4i 5

2i s 6

"1 5 6

to - 7 —9

9— 49 — 4 a

- 3

Jl

III

y

6

- 2 10

2 6 — 7 3 8 i s

7 —

i n

5 8

? 8

!- j

n

4

I— '7 5

- 7

- i 7

- 7 7

- 3r

4° 7

A.' D. 1791. Chap. 1.

- 211

- 61'

I— 6 1

1 4 6

ill 6

I— y to

'— 12 s

19s

1 17 10

1-----7

Drapery,

The thirty-first Year of George III. Schedule A.

i

- 1

5 I Old drapery,<

S* I

N W A R D S.

J the yard, coming from England —

from any other parts, thej yard 1 —

f from England, the yard q j New' drapery, < from any other part, the]

I I yard

Note by 23 & 24 G. 3. Cap. 2p. All manufactures made of -wool which are milled in the tuck-J mill) or other machine, whether twilled or plait/, as coalings, cajfmers, kerfeys, druggets, German fergcs, ratteen/, and such like by whatever Particular name, now denominated, or hereaftet to be denominated, shall fall tinder the descrip-t'tcn of and pay duty, as old drapery.

‘Acacia, the pound —

Acorus, the pound —

( Album, the pound \ Nigrum, the pound

J rough or un trimmed the poundj or agaric, trimmed or pared, the pound — '

free if for dyers use —

i£-

Adiantum

1

r

I Agnus callus feeds, the pound —

I , , C Confeclio, the ounce

| Alchermes, 1

j I oyrop, the pound

I Alkanct roots, the pound — i Allum Romish, or roach, the hundred]

1 1

1 weight, containing 112lbs. —

- 1 free if for dyers use. —

Almiet or Orcant -

Almonds, bitter, the hundred weight, con* taming 11 albs.

Aloes £ Cicotrina, the pound —

(_ Epatica, the pound —

Alumen plume, the pound —

Ambergrease, black or grey, the ouncej troy -

I Ameos feeds, the pound —

Amomi feeds, the pound — Anacardium, the pound — Angelica, the pound -

Crudum, the hundred wt. containing H2lbs.

- , free if for dyers use,

Pneparatum or ftibium, J h the pound } Argentum sublime, or linum, or quickj i silver, the pound

i

Antimonium

From Great Britain. British. 1 Foreign.

d.

- 6\

- 6 —9

- 3 10

-95s

Si

4 3

- 3l

- XI

1 5

- 3

- 6 —

- 92 1 1

- 6 - 2-1

1- ’5

I-----3

5 n

- 2i

- 9i

'From other

Countries.

s. d.

- 5 J

I 2 — 3?

_ji

4 7 - 3f

1 7

- 3

6 4

- 2i

9II

I 2 - 6}

[-----3

16 10

- 2

- 10}

- 3*

h J 6

- 2i

- 10}

Drugs

Drugs, vocat.

The thirtj-JlrJl Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain. From other British. I Foreign. Countries.

INWARD S.

pAriftolochu, longa, et rotunda, the pound — Arsnick, white or yellow, or rofalger, the

- free if for dyers use. j

Afpalathus, the pound —

Afla-fcctida, the pound —

Aflarum roots, the pound *—

Auripigmentam, vide orpimcr.t.

Bahuftium, the pound —

( artificial, the pound ( natural, the pound Barley, hulled, or French barley, the: in foreign ships —

d.

Balfamum,

nib.

Baybcrries, the mlb.

free if for dyers use.

s. d.

- 31

£. s. d. — 31

3 2

Bdellium, the pound Beaver cods, vide caftoreum.

Ben album, or rubrum, the pound — Benjamin of all forts, the pound — Bezoar f of the Eafi: Indies, the ounce troy, stone, [ of the West Indies, the ounce troy, Black lead, the 112lb. —

Blatta bizantia, the pound —

r communis, or armonicus, the hun-Bolus, < dred weight, containing U2lb.

(. verus, the pound, or fine bole f unrefined, the pound or tincal

Bom, s-----1 foe if for dyers use.

C refined, the pound —

Bunkins holywortles, orpiftoIochia,the pound Calamus, the pound -

Cambogium, or gutta gambsc, the pound Camphire, refined, the pound —

- , unrefined, the pound —

Cancri oculus, the pound Cantharides, the pound —

Caraway feeds, the 112lb. —

Cardomomes, tire pound — *—

Carlina, the pound -

Carolina, the pound -

j Carpo balfami, the pound —

Carrabe, or fuccinum, the pound — Carthamus feeds, the pound —

Cafita, fistula, the pound, of all forts

- », lignea, the pound —

Caftoreum, or beaver cods, the pound \_Cerufla, the i12lb.

VOL. XV. r T

- 4l

- 3* — 3

- 8

io£

5 9\ S 3

3 6

- 7t

- J

2 —'

7 10i

6J

—: ' 7

- 4

- 3l

- 8;.

- Ill- 6 —

S 7i

6 4

39-----71

- si

2 2 8 J.

- c;

4i -

- ioi-----

i — — I 6

- 61----- ui

4 6 -9

- I llv —

I9— 2 — 8f

J 7i - 6 - <1 id 1 7

- io i I

4 "

—9- ;--*3

- 1}

- 3s

- li

- 3i

- 4-

' 3 8| ' 49

3 ie.-:

- 4 ' I

Drug-.,

The thirty-first Year of George III.

A.D. 1791. Schedule A. From Gre Britishi. it Britain. Foreign. From other Countries.

Chap. 1. 1 N W A R D S. £ ' £ s. d. 2. d.

"Cetrach, the pound — — — 3

China roots; the pound — — — 1 5 — 1 6

Chrystal, in broken pieces for phyGcal uses>

the pound — 61 IOi — 1 —

Ciceres, white and red, the pound - j Ir

Cinabrium, or vermillion, the pound 5---910

Ciperus, longus & rotundus, the H2lb. — — 92 ~99

Cetrago, the pound — — — a| if

Civet, the ounce troy — — — 10 6 — 11 3

Cocoa nuts, the pound — *—1 — $i 6

Coculus India:, the pound —

Coloquintida, the pound — — — 5! <5

/"white, the H2lb. — — — 3 II II

Copperas, } blue, of Danlk or Hungary, the

e 1121b. - 3 10 — 4 z

fred or white, in fragments, for phy-

Coral, J fical uses, the pound — — 8 —9

(. whole, the pound —: — 4 — 4 7

Coriander feeds, the mlb. - 43 — 4 13

caperum, the pound *— — 3+ 3i

guaici, the 11 alb. — — ~ — - >4 5 - <5 5

Cortex, mandragorre, the pound - s si

i tamarifei, the pound — " "*" — ~ 2 2

0 0 winteranus, the pound — 3

Coitus, dulcis, and amarus, the pound — s Si

ST Cubebs, the pound — — — ji 4

a Cummin feeds, the mlb — — - 89— 94

Cufcuta the pound — — — '3

Cyclamen roots, or panis porcinus, the pound Si 6

Cyprus nuts, the pound, (but vide nux cupreffi — ti — — 2

DJiucus creticus, the pound — ioi — I

Diagredium, or fcamony, the pound — — 4 s —* 4 10

Diptamus leaves, the pound — — 7 8

- roots, the pound — — 4z r

Doronicum, the pound -

Eleborus, albus et niger, the pound — — 2

Epithcmum, the pound — — — 4 4*

Euphorbium, the pound - id

Fennel feeds, the pound - 2

Fenugre ek, the mlb. - S 6i — 6 —

Florv, the pound — — — 6i — Mm j

Flowers vide leaves.

Folium India:, the pound — — lz — I 3

Fox lungs, the pound — 7 i

Frankincense, of France, Parrofin, the 112lb 1 — 32 — 35

Galanga, the pound -

Galbanum, the pound — — — Si 6

_ Genera , the pound —- - 5

Drugs,

Drugs, vocat.

The thirty~frjl Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Grea British. t Britain, i Foreign. From other Countries.

INWARDS. £ s. d. £ j- </ £ s. d.

’Gentiana, the pound — — — H 2

Guinea pepper, the pound — — 3 3

Grains of Guinea or French grains, the ii2lb.

(vide grains.) — — 7 3 — 7 to

Grana, pinx, the pound -

Green ginger, the pound - 1 4| — 1 S

Gum, animi, the pound — — — 4i 5

arabic, or gum feneca, vide schedule D.

armoniack, the pound — — — 3.

caramen, the pound -

——, carannre, the pound - I 8} — 19

elemi, the pound - 41 5

guiaci, the pound — — — i Ii - 1 3

hederae, the pound - 10 —* — I I

—, juniperi, or fandracha, the U2lb. — CO 1 — 8 10

lack, the pound — — 3v 3i

opoponax, the pound - 1 4r — l6

—, fandraclii, or gum juniperi, vide fan-

drachi.

—, farcocol, the pound -

feneca, vide gum arabic.

—, ferapinum, or fagapenum, the pound — — 3+ 3t

—h tacamahaccae, the pound — — I 8! — 19

—, tragagant, the pound — — — 3 3

tinftorum, vide grana tinclorum.

Gutta gamba:, vide cambogium.

Hermoda&ilusj the pound — — 5i

Holywortles, vide bunkins.

Horns of harts, the hundred, containing five

or > score, - 1 7 — 49 — j 3

flags, J the 11 alb. — — S 3 — 5 3 — 5 3

Hypociitis, the pound — — — 6 Ct.

Jallap, the pound — — — n — I — I 2

Incense, or olibanum, vide olibanum.

Iieos (orris), the H2lb. - 14 2. !- 1

Ifinglass, the H2lb. «— — 1 6 3 I 16 p i 18 6

free if for dyers use.

Jujubes, the pound — — — 2j 3

Juniper-berries, free.

Lapdanum, or lapadonum, the pound *— — 3} 3]

Lapis, calaminaris, the 112lb. — — — 4 7 — 411

contra-yerva, the ounce — — — i n — 1 3

hem'atitis, the pound — — 4|

judaicus, the pound — — 3. — 3;

—.—, lazuli, the pound - > 2 6

tutice, the pound — — — 3i 1

Leaves of roses, the pound — j--

of violets or flowers, the pound 2;

411

A.D. 1791.Chap. 1.

'The thirtyfnjl Year of George III.

Schedule A. 1 From Great Britail1, From otf, CT

INWARDS.

‘Lentil?* the pound -

(aloes, the pound —

afphaltum, the pound — Lignum* I nephreticum., the pound — /rhodium* the H2lb. —

V vitcc, free.

Limunt* vide argentum Jublime.

f of gold, the it alb. —

-ctharge, p([verj t^e ualb. —

Locusts, the pound — *—

Lupines, the mlb.

Lyntifcus, or xylobalfamum, the pound Madder roots, or rubea tin&orum, the poun if for dyers use, free.

Manna, the pound.

Marmalade, the pound -

C red, the pound -

Maftich, £ w^ej the pQUnd -

Mechoachan, the pound —

f precipitate, the pound

Mercury,|sublimate, the pound —

MiHium fobs, the pound

( dried, the pound —

Mirabolance, s,

i condited, the pound —

Myrtle-berries, the pound -

Mithridate venetiie, the pound

Mummia, the pound -

Muflc, the ounce troy -

r the dozen

Mu(k cods, ? and

C the ounce —

Myrrhe, the pound

Nigell.i, the pound

Nitrum, the pound -

f the pound —

Nutmegs, condited, J and

( per piece —

dc benne, the pound cuprefli, the pound indica, the piece ' *7 pini, or grani pint, the pound|piftachia or piftachias, the pound I.vomica, the pound

{petroleum, the pound —

turpentini, vide turpentine. Olibanum, or incense, the 112H). —

Opium, the pound

Orabus, the pound -

British. foreign. Countries.

\£- J. £ ' £. j. d.

- 1 J

- 2 7v — 2 10

3i 3}

- 9J 10

- 2 3s — 2 C

- 4 6f — 49

- 3 — 3 >°f

- 3r 3-t

- 2 10 —

- 4 c

d 3>.

- 8f9

2 3i 3 v

- 3» 3f

- n 8

lOf — 1 7 — 1

7 ioi ut

3i 3>

- 2f 3

- 4 4f

- 2f

- 2 3. — 2 5i

3i

- 9Si — 10 2

" "" - 6 4 — 7 —

- I I — 1 1

- 7} 8f

- 19S 1 11 j

- *1 2

- 5? Si

- 7i Si

t

- 3 — — 3

- 2 2

- i\ — — 24-

2j 3

- 2\ 2*.

- ii 2t

- s — — 5{-

i 6 6f 1 s 3 -;

- " 2 2t - i 4!

if Dings

Drugs, vocat.

The thirty-first Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain. From other Britiftt. Foreign. ! Countries.

I N W A R 1) S.

forangc C ointment, the pound —

flower £ water, the gallon —

Orcant, or almiet, the pound — Origanum, the pound -

Orpiment, or.auripigmcr.tum, the ii2lb. Ofippiunt huerredum, the pound —

Oflh dc corde ccrvi, the pound —

f of almonds, the pound -

j of amber, the pound —>

j-dc bay, the H2lb. —

Oil de benne, the pound —

of mace,- or nutmeg?, the pound of rofemarjr, the pound —

of fcorpionsv the pmrnd —

;of Ipike, the pound' — '

;Panis porcinus, vide cyclanfeti.

Panther-, the pound' -

Pearl feeds, the ounce troy —

-Pellitory, the pound'.

Pepper,- long, the pound — PerofenyVid'e fnmkincenfe'

Piony feeds, the pound -

Piftachiai, vide nux pifta'chia.

Piftolochia, vide bunliins.

Pix Burgpndix, the mlb. —

;Polipodium, the pound —

PoKum-montanum, the pound —

Pomegranate-pills, the inlb; —

if for dyers use free;

£ s. it.

£ <t '£

- 3

4§

2

9i

iof-

9*

4?

3

~ 7* i-----»

i 2’- j— i 4

Poppy feeds, the pound

Precipitate, vide mercury-precipitate.

Prunellas; or prtrrns"of brifneliay the pound

Pfyllium,ithe pound —

Quickfdver, vide argentum vivum;

; r contra yerva-, the pound- —

\efuhc, the pound —

Radix *S xu j

r Jpeonx,- the pound —

(.fcorcionerai the pound —

Red-lead j the 112lb.

Rhabarbarum, or rhubarb}- the pound

Rhaponticuffl, the pound- -1-

Rofealger, vide arsenic.

Roflet,- the pound -

Rubea tin&orunvvide madder roots.

Sagapenum, vide gum ferapinum.

i ^akaliy the-poand —

armoniacum, the pound —

Sal i but if for use, free.

gem, the pound —

nitri, the pound — — '

'Vol. XV. 5 M

7" 3

- 2 — 29'

11 2i-

" 2l 7 6k

- 3* 2 10

12 2}

7 2 61 I 7:

' — 11

: — 5.

1 7

- 2 " 2}

- 2.;

10 2?-

: — 2i- — 2

- 71

- 2

—92 91

4 to

2 3i

If

10

4

2 4 s

4I3

A.D.

’791-,

Chap. 1.

3 ~J

- 12 II

- I 8*

2 Jj

- 1981

- 5i

- l8 2}

- i 8

- 3

4 *1

- SI

- 9i

- 3 —i

- .; a‘-

- 2 6i

I

- II

- 4i

- 2

- 5 Drugs,

-4-i# The thirty-first Year of George III.

A.D.

1791>

Chap, i.

Schedule A. From Gn Britishi. at Britain, foreign. , From other ! Countries. i

INWARDS. £ s. e. £ d. t £ d.

r’ f.red, alias (lock, the mlb. ) but if for dyers use, free. > ‘ .5 I 2-10

J white, the pound

yellow the pound — — — !6i 6}

Sandiver, the 112lb. — 2 -CJ — -2 8f

Sandracha, or gum.juniperi, the ir2lb. — ~4 — 8 io

Sanguis J^onis, the pound — 11 8!

' ' I hireci, the pound '3? -- 3i

Sarfapariila, the pound - 9l

5afafras wood, or roots, the'H2lb. Scamonium, vide diagredium. - -s -n — 5 Sr

Scincusmarinu6, the piece - — l

Scordium, the pound

Scorpions, the huiulrcd,.containing five score — — 4 3 - 4 8f

Sebeftines, the pound . -- 3i 3i

Seeds for gardens, of all forts, the pound __ . i — 2i H

Seler montanus,- the pound — . 2 Si

Semen cucumeris, cucurb, citral, melon, the pound if 2 Ii

Sena, the pound — 9l I0|

Scldonella, the pound — — — 2 — —. 2i

SPennaceti,ffine>thero'lnd - 41 — 2 lOf — 2 11}

rt tj O Ccoarfe, oily, the H2lb. Spica Celtics, vide nardus Celtics, or specia Romans. — >2 .7* I I — I 2 S

be 3 Spikenard, the pound — i 7

43 Spodium, the pound - 4 4r

Spunges, the hundred weight I — if 2 <94 3 5 io I

Squilla, the U2lb. — ~ 4 71 — 5

Squinauthum, the pound — I I - i if

Staphifager, the mlb. — — It 2i — II II

Stechados, tJic pound Stibium, vide antimoniura prxparatum. — — — 3i 3:

J calamita, the pound — - I II - i 3t

C liquids, the pound Succinum, vide carrabbc. — —? — 3i 31

Succus liquoritirc, the pound — ii 3 3

Sulphur vivum, the pound - 2 — '— 2

Talk S Ercen’ t*lc Found — s St.

C white, the pound - i_- i i if

Tamarinds, the pound - '2 i — -— 2f

Terra 5^emnia» the pound — iof Ilf

I figillata, the pound — 7

Thlapfii femen, the pound Tincal, vide borax. — — — 35 3i

Tornfal, the pound if for dyers use, free. — 2 If Drags,

The thirtyjlijl Year ^/' George III. Schedule A.

INWARDS, f /‘common, the pound

j I of Venice, the pound

j Treacle, And further, for every one i I "hundred weight thereol

l)oth common and of Vi

« Trochifci de vipera, the ounce troy

Turbid., JtheP°und

j L Thapfix, the pound

I Turmerick/ the pound, (free If for dyer;

| f common, the i j alb.

j Turpentine, < of Venice, Sdo, or Cyprusj o } (. the pound

Verdigrease, the pound, (if for dyers use, f free) -

P 'Vermillion, vide cinnabrium.

Varnish, the U2lb.

Vlfcus quercinus, the pound Vitriolum Romanum, the pound, (if foi dyers use, free)

Umber, the hundred weight, containinj mlb.

White lead, the ii2lb. . - ' Worm feeds, the pound Xylobalfamum, vide lyntifeus. jSedoaria, the pound

Earth, red, the barrel

Elephants teeth, the hundred, containing fiv< score -

Emery (tones, the hundred weight, containing 112lb« Emery, ground, the pound'

Tans for corn, the piece — of paper, the dozen rforbeds, the mlb.

I of France, for beds, the hundred weight I of Russia, the hundred weight Js H vocat. eftridge, or ostrich feathers, not £ black or white, undressed, the pound I of oftridges, ( black, the pound undressed, ( white, the pound Feather beds, old or new, the piece Fiddles for children, the dozen Ferret ribbon, the groce If foreign, and of Glk, to pay as silk manufacture.

Figs, vide grocery.

Files, the grocc, containing twelve dozen

5 M 2

From Grc Britishi. at Britain. Foreign. From other Countries.

{ s. d. £ ' A C-

3 Si 6

- 1 3i — - 5i

I — I — I I "

- I — I z

- I — 2

- J 7i

- 2-j ' 5$

- II — 2 Ilj — 3 2

- 10$ — a n

3 si St

- 6 3| — to <6 — II 2t

—9IO

6 6i

- 4 3! — 48

- 3 ioi — 3 I0T — 4 2;-

6 — ID — — 10$

- 89

- i i — It — I 2}

- 19S in9

7i 7i p.

I

6 6 8

9— ' s — 1 61

- 4 3 — 43 — 4 I!

- 64 — 7 —

- 4 — - 4 8

- 43 — 4 7

- 3 4 — 3 8;

3 *i — 4 —;

- 3 6 — 36 — 4 1

3 7"i 8

- I

- i 6 - 3 7 - 4 — Fire

The thirty-first Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain.

British.

Foreign.

Herrings,

INWARDS.

Fire irons, vide iron. I

Fire (hovel plates, the hundred weight, con-j tabling it alb. - j

Fire (hovels, the dozen

the barrel

the last, containing twelve Cod-fifo, barrels

the hundred, containing fix score Cods heads, the barrel Cole fish, the hundred, containing fix score Gull fish, the barrel Haddocks, the barrel

red, the cade, containing five; hundred, white, r the barrel full, or d'the lift, containing . fhotten: twelve barrels Lampreys, the piece

Lings of all forts,- the hundred, containing fix score

ffma.il, the hundred, containing fix I score

J [.middle fort, the hundred, contain-~t\ ing fix score

|fish, great, the hundred, containing f fi\ score

Salmon, j barrd-

I girles, the barrel

Seal fish, the fish.

f the hundred, containing

fix score

j the fall, containing |One

L thousand

itltc hundred, containing

fix.score. the fall, containing one thousand rthe hundred, containing fix score-

(the last, containing one L thousand ^Whitings, the barrel Flanders tile, vide brickstones.

fundressed, free.

Flax jdrefled or unwrought flax, the nalb.

C-----, in foreign ships

Flax feed, vide linseed.

£ r.

r r.

- II

- 4,1

r r

r I

- ia 8

- i

- 7 —

I Croplings, "j

1'

Lubfish,

Tidings,

t 5 1 S

t i 12 8

4 3 - aj

9t. — Si

7 —

I s

14 —

- 4J

3 6 - 6i

- 17 II

From other Countries.

£ i-

- 3

- 3

- 3 2

17 10

- 12 8.

- 3 2.

- 28

- 1 1.

r "3.. *-— 9.~

:t 18-f

- 6i

1 I.

1 ll

- 17 II

61

-6 4’

- 2 J

- 2 ij

- 2 ll

1 1 —

- 4 25

2 2 —

- I I

-10 fr

- i 7-

1 15

I 8 4i

Flames-.

The ihiriy-jlrjl Year of George III. Schedule A. I From Gmt Brit;iin-

Eritifli.

INWARDS.

Flames to let blood, the dozen Flints for fire-arms, thcthcufnnd Finchs, the hundred weight, containing iialb.J Flower roots, the hundred, containing five fccre

Fiutes, coarse, the grcce, containing twelve,1 dozen Forceps, vide fiieers.

Frize, the yard -

Furnaces, for bleachers use, free.

fArmins, the timber, containing forty skins

Badger Heins, the piece

r black, the piece

Bear lkins, red, the piece

C white, the piece

C skins, whole the piece Beaver,

( wombs, the piece

funtawed, the timber, containing]

| forty Ikir.s

_ , tawed, the timber, containing forty] *- I n. '

Ja I lkins

ii O I

l Ski, I

Cats poults,

r the hundred,

\ five feore

'j black, the hundred, con-] {_ taining five feore r the hundred, containing!

five feore (_ the mantle

f the timber, containing forty! Fitches, \ lkins - - I

( the pane or mantle r the black fox lkin \ the ordinary (kin o ) the pane or mantle (.wombs, poults, or pieces, the pane r untawed, the timber, con-J raining forty skins

J tawed, the timber, contain-(. ing forty lkins r t f raw, the lkin \ 'aCh‘|seasoned, the fic'in j y j raw, the lkin

j , SrL)> j seasoned, the lkin

:I.ecpar,!sA,kins> the Piece } . wombs, the pane

fthe timber, containing forty, j Matrons, ) fi;jns

(_ tku pane ct mantle

Vo I. XV.

Grayes,

jennets.

; N

- I 7

4 3

i 4

3 2

2 3 2 —

- 4

3 2 2 2

h 19

2 8 2 8

3 6

- 8 — io

5 3

2 —

17 10

- 4 7

1 S

- 3

2 JO

5 6

3 5

- 24

- i 11

2 10

2 10

3 10 — 8}

- 11

- 5 8

1 29

25 6

2 1 —

Furs,

418 The thirty-jirji Year of George III.

A.D.

J79'. Schedule A. From Gre British. it Britain. Foreign. From other Countries.

Quip. 1,

V-— INWARD h. £ > '! r. 1. <!. £. -f. d.

r r Gills, the timber, containing forty fie ins — — 27 — 29

Martrons, Pouts, the pane or mantle — — 22 — 2 4

Tails, the hundred containing live score — - 8 5 —92

Miniver, (lie mantle — — 2 10 " 3 ’

Minks, untawed, the timber, containing

forty lkins - — — 12 8 - 13 8

J Minks, tawed, the timber, containing

0 forty lkins - — — 16 10 - 18 3

Moul skins, the dozen — a

3 Otter lkins, the piece <5x — 1 1 — I 2

Ounce lkins, the piece — 28 — 2 10

Sables of all forts, the timber, containing

forty lkins - — 6 6 — 6 16 6

Wcafel lkins the dozen — — I J — — 1

r tawed, the piece — — 6 4 — 6 to

"Wolf lkins. < uma\yed, the piece — 4 10' "53

C Wolvermgs, the piece — — 29 — 3 —

Galley ? P»ts, vide pots.

CTiles, vide brickrtones.

Galls, the hundred weight, containing I I2lb — 22 — 22 — 2 6

(but if for dyers tile free.)

Garden feeds, vide drugs.

Garnets, (mail, rough, the pound — 2 2 4 3 — 4 7

Garnets, fnv.il! or great, eat, the pound — 64 - 12 8 - 13 8

ffer carpenters, the groce Gimlets. < ° 2 - 5 — I 7

(. for vintners, the dozen to — 191 10

Ginger, vide grocery.

Girth web, the grace — 3 2 - 6 4 — 6 10

rGlaflcs for watches, the dozen , 1 /* 7* —

Burning glades, the dozen9--9—

Glass pipes, small, the pound 4t — 4i —

- great, the hundred weight

containing mlb. r 2 11 1 2 11 —

f small, under No. 6

J the dozen — 2 i| — 2 i| ___

i Glass plates or fights j No. 6, the dozen - 4 i; — 4 2v _____

p for looking gtafiesX No. 7, 8,9, 10, the

unfiled,of chryllal, dozen 1- 8 S - 8 j _1

i N« n, n, the

O dozen 1 3 3 —

Glass-done plates for spectades, rough

the dozen . — — I I I

Hour-glafies, the grace — -i

j Halfpenny glades, the grocc, containing j twelve dozen - - — —9!

Glades,

7 he thirty-jirjl Year of George III. Schedule A.

o

I N A R D S.

spenr.v ware, the jiroce, containing twelvi

1 dezen -

; fof ftcel, small, the dozen

i - j - large, the drzvn

j c= , of ehrvftai, small the dozen

| *t£ L-----, middle fort, the dozen, No. o.

small, the dozen, No. 7,8,9,10 , the dozen, No. 11, 12. \_IAem'A-andum, that thefjiil Nos. are accntnUd as inches f\

A

I

Vials, the hundred, containing five fcorc "Water glaflcs, the dozen, of all forts

!the whole case, containing 2. leaves

- , the half case, (or fide)

containing 12 leaves Gletv, the hundred weight, containing !2lb. Globes, small, the pair, under eighteen inches diameter

- , large, the pair, eighteen inches diameter -

Gloves of all forts, the dozen

- , and if of silk, and not British, or the

manufacture of Persia, or the East Indies, for every pound weight Gold foil, the small groce, containing twelve dozen -

- , paper, the small groce

Gold and silver thread right, the pound containg twelve ounces Venice weight Grains, French, or Guinea, vide drugs.

- , or scarlet powder, the pound

- , of Seville, in berries, or grains of Portugal, or Rotta, the pound Gravers for goldsmiths, vide punfons. Grimlstones, the chalder

f Almonds, the hundred weight, containing|!I2ib.

- , in the fheli, the thousand

j I Anniseeds, the hundred weight, contained|ing 112lb.

I Cinnamon, the pound p Cloves, the pound o|Currants, the hundred weight, containin 'O 1 H2lb.

- , in foreign ships

1 Dates, the hundred weight, containing I H2lb.

5 N 2

1m om Great Britain. Britishu I Foreign.

f, j. el.

- 3 2 ~ 6 4 -12 8 4 14 6

I I

- 7 — 3 10

1 1 r

2 2

4 3

8 J

3 2

7

1 5

4 3

- 7

- 2

- 4

3 6

- 12 4 14

- 4

--24

" 4 3

4 4 —

- 8

44

- 2 4

- 4

10 6

I 2r

1 8|

- 16 FO

18 11

From other Countries.

5 3

- 2 6

- 47

- 92

- 6 10

4 4 —

- 1 'I:

- 3 1

—9» —9

5

- 2 6

- 13 8

- 4i

11 7

r 2f

1 8J-

- 18 2|

I I —

r — 6

Groceries,

420

The thirty-first Year of George III. Schedule A.

From Great Britain. J From other Britishi. Foreign, j Countries.

INWARDS. jC. j. d.

Tigs, the hundred weight, containing 11 tzlb.

- »in foreign ships

Ginger, of the East Indies, the pound, or other foreign plantations - j-

c

1. d.

I

- 49j— S I

- , of the West Indies, the pound,'

not British plantation - j

- , of the English plantations, vide

Schedule 1).

- , green, vide drugs.

Liquorice, the hundred weight, containing

M2.

- , juice, vide succus liquorithe ir

c<

v

o

6

drugs.

Mace, the pound

Nutmegs, the pound Pepper, the pound Prunes, the hundred weight, containing

it2lb.

- , in foreign iliips

Railins of all forts, the hundred weight.

containing u2)b.

- , in foreign flops

- S 9i

- 3 i -----5

- i 81

i-----—92

i ii

- 34

- p u

- it 5

I.

Sugars, refined, in loaves, not being bastards, and all candy imported from Great Britain, being rf the manufacture of Great Britai , fer every hundredweight, containing 112 Tuttle lbs.

- , refined, called fcaftarcs, and all

ground and powdered refined, and all refined loaf sugars taken in pieces, imported from Great Britain, for every hundred weight thereof containing 11 futtlc lbs.

Muscovndo,

White,

Refined,

ii6 o!-----—

vide schedule C. anti schedule D,

r corn-powder, the hundred wt. Gunpowder,) containing 11 alb. vocat. ^Terpentine, the hundred L contaimng i i2lb.

Guns, vocat. muskets, the piece

(Camels hair, the pound - L Hair, ) Llks hair for f..thilcs, the hundred wt.(

- 18 ii£ -

jear. ) com,filing ii2lb. (goals hair, the i i2ib.

3 2 7 3 J 29-

2 2 s 2 i 2 6 3

3+ — 10 11 1 i i — K

_3 i j__ 3

10 — ] 1 10 i- I i !0

for :inj'wiat:on $>t cinnnmnn, doves, trace, and mitnugs, vide 23 24 Geo. 3. cap 2;.

and cutiiiuucd hv 29 Geo 3 c.ip. jy.

The thirty jhjl Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Great Britain. From other

Britishi. Foreign. Countries.

I N AV A R D S. Hair bottoms for sieves, the grace, containing *A2 4 1

twelve dozen Halberts, gilt, the piece

- , ungilt, the piece

Hammers, the dozen

- vocat. horseman’s hammers, the

dozen Hand b3fkets, vide bates.

Handkerchers or handkerchiefs, the dozen And further additional duties, according to the nature of the fabric.

Hangings, gilt, vide leather.

Harness, plates, vide plates.

roses, the thousand Harpftrings or catlings, the groce, containing twelve dozen HatbandSj the groce, containing twelve dozen Hats, vocat. straw hats, vide bafts.

of beaver wool, or hair, the hat —, all other hats, the piece Headings, vide staves-

fhemp, short, dressed, the hundred weight, containing i i2lb.

—, in foreign ships, cullen or steel hemp, and all other forts of dressed hemp, the hundred weight, containing 11 sib. in foreign ships fprece Muscovia (and all other undressed L hemp) free.

Hemp-feed, free.

buff hides, the hide

cow hides, of Barbary or Muscovy, the

hide

cow or horse hides, tanned, the piece, ' (not American)

- , in the hair, the piece

I i

1 5

- 4?

x $ — 5 3

- i i

2 10

- 82-

- 10

- 3

A

- 8

- io 6

- io 6

- 2i I

11 7

"’59

- 2 71

(not American) loili hides, the piece, (net American) redj or Muscovia hides, tanned, coloured or uncoloured, the hide ' For British plantations) vide jcheddle D.

Hilts for swords and daggers, the dozen Honey, the barrel

- , the ton

Note. Computed at fix barrels the ton.

Hooks ends, vide cap books.

Yol. XV. >0

- yt

3f

- 8

I —

I —

-43

1*9

- 2 7t — 8

~~ 9: — - 3i

- 9

- 4 3 — 8 5

- 6 4 — 6 4

I 17 io

—9

29

29— 47

- 13 8 17 10

- '93 1 <5 3

- 3 — —9

- 3

- rot

- 1 S

—92

1 7~

2 2 —

Hoojis,

The thirty~frjl Year of George III. Schedule A.

INWARDS.

'of iron, for pipes or hogsheads, the hundred weight, containing I I2lb. 4 7 of all forts, the hundred

From Great Britain. "jFrom other

Britisht.

H0°PS,j weight,

of wood, for coopers, the thousand

Hops, British, the hundred weight, containing mlb.

Horn books, plain, the groce

- 1 g'dtj the groce

Horns for lanterns, the thousand Horns of harts or flags, vide drugs.

Horses and mares, geldings and nags, the piece Hour glades, vide glades.

Hunting horns, the dozen

Jet, the pound Jews trumps, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Indigo free.

Ink for printers, the hundred weight, containing !I2lb. -

Inkhorns, the groce, containing twelve dozen

- , of glass, the dozen

Inkle, unwrought, the pound —wrought, the dozen pounds

'Bullet ferews, the dozen Incision sheers, the dozen Paces or tooth drawers, dozen Pullicanes, the dozen Sets, the bundle, containing sixteen

Trepans, the dozen fumvrought, for every ton I gacj.s for C small, (half a hundred weight; IcWmlie j and downwards), the piece ] C large, the piece

g ! Bands for kettles, the hundred weight,

containing iiilb. g Doubles, vide plates.

Fire irons, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

Hoops, vide hoops-Irons, box irons, the dozen ——, lmoothitig irons, not box, the dozen

- , stirrup irons, the dozen pair

Iron ore and cinders, the ton — liquor for dyers use, free.

2 — — 10

- 4 —

Foreign. Countries.

Instruments,

for barbers and chirur-geons, vocat.

the

- 3

- io <J

£' £ </.

- 4 7 - 5 —

: - 4 if — 4 ii

I — i

- i 8 — I IO

~ 3 4: i CO

- 2 2 — 2 6

- 4 — — 4 —

- 4 3 — 4 1

44 5

- 2 2 — 2 4

- 4 J; — 4 II

- 12 8 - 13 s

ji 61

I I 1 3 '£

- I I — I 2

I I — I 2

- i r — 12

5 — 2 2 6 — 24

- IO 6 — io 6

- 7 5

- it 7

a 3

4

- 24

5 6 4 2 i S — 81-

Juice

The thirty-Jhjl Year of George III. Schedule A.

s.

INWARD Juice of lemons, the pipe {free if for dyers use)

Junk, called old junk, the ton Ivory, the pound Kelp, the ton Kcyknops, the grace, containing twelve dozen Keys for watches, the groce

'Almine, Bohemia, and all other coarse knives, the dicker, containing ten knives

Butchers knives, the dicker, containing ten knives Carving knives, the dozen Coopers knives, the dozen Culien knives, the groce, containing 4 j twelve dozen 1 1 Curriers knives, the dozen ' Drawing knives, the dozen

Glovers knives, the bundle, containing j fix knives

1 Penknives, the groce, containing twelve

dozen

Skerknives, the dicker, containing ten knives

Stock C ungilt, the dozen {locks {knives, \gilt, the dozen flocks

fBone lace of thread, the dozen yards Cruet lace, the small groce, containing twelve dozen of gold or (liver, or silver and gold, the pound Troy or Venice weight Gold and fiiver lace, the ounce Troy Pomet lace, the groce, containing twelve dozen yards Purl or amlet lace of thread, the groce containing twelve dozen rpjone lare, the small pound, containing sixteen ounces {of all forts) j/3 /Lace of all other forts, the pound, L k containing sixteen ounces Ladles, vocat. melting ladles, the hundred weight, containing mlb.

Lamblack, vide blacking.

Lamps, vide brass.

Last blocks, tive dozen

Latches and catches, iron, the dozen

Laths, the thousand

Latten, £ black latten, the hundred weight

vocat. ( co^ining n:ib.

From Great Britain. British. Foreign.

£ i-

- 8 5 —* io 6

3 2 2 2 2 7

- 4

- 4

49

i I

2 6 — 10

- 3 2

- 4 8 S 12 8

4 3

8 5

95 2 o\

2 12 6

- 159

- 4 3

' — 2r — 61-— I

7 5

£ s. ,1.

- 16 10

- 10 6

1 1

3 2

4 3

5 —

- 3

- S

- 11 —

- 22

t 159

~ 5 ~ 1 8

- 64

- 8

- 16 10 1 5 2

- 8 5

- 16 10

4 3

- 5

/ 0

From other Countries.

£. 2. d.

- 12 3

- 1 3

- 3s

- 4 7

- S

- 9

- 9

- 12 1

- 24

i 18 6

- 5 6

- I 10

- 5 6

- 0 io

- 9

- >8 3

« 7 4

—9

- 18 3

4 7 2 4

5 !2 —

- 92

~ 3 1 2

I.'.lttCil,

5Vh'e thirtj-jhjl Year of George III. Schedule A,

Lead,

INWARD S.

Latten, C shaven latten, the hundred weight, vocat, containing mlb.

(the ton, containing twenty hundred

weight

milled, or sheets, the hundred weight ore, the ton fBafil leather, the dozen hangings, gilt, the piece leather for malks, the pound Spanish, Turkey, Efcfl India, or Cordo-vant, the 12 sains Spruce, Muscovia, or Danflc leather, the dozen fi:ins r of gold, the hundred leaves, Leaves, <. taining five score

(. of /ilver, the thousand leaves . f vide, oranges.

Lemons, 5

£ pickled, the pipe

Lime, the barrel, (free if for dyers use)

Lime juice, the gallon (ditto)

British, brown or white, free. Conditionally, 4 G. 1. c. 6. fDutch barras, and Hcfiens canvas, the hundred ells, containing fix score

and further, for every yard thereof packing canvas, guttings, arid Spruce canvas, the hundred ells, contain|j ing no

j and further, for every yard thereof J Poledavics, Spruce, Elbing or Queenf-2 f I borough canvas the bolt, contani-

{ ing 28 ells

(j* and further, for every yard thereof

# The abovet and in every such caff, tki

matiufaSlure.

fof Holland making, the tabling, < yard

C of Silesia making, the yard ( of Holland making, towelling and ) the yard napkining, /of Silesia making, I L C the yard

From Great Britain. From other

British. Foreign. Countries.

i £ ' £ ! 4- £ 4 d.

- 7 II - 7 II . - 89

- 14 8 - 12 8 — 149— 1 3 —910

- 8 J - 8 j

2 2 — 2 2 — 29—

- 8 S — irt lo -.8 3

99 — — 10

- 10 6 — xa 3

- 43 — 4 IT

- 22 — 1 1 - 4 3 — I 2 — 4 7

T 8 S — it) 10 - >8 3

- % — s — — 6

- 14 '961 —16 0 — — 61

-12 8 — 13 8

- 6'i — — 6r

- 3 10 — 42

61 6i

- 1 8! — I IO

- 10 -II

- ll' 81

-1 3i 3 i

Linen,

And for and npnn all dama/k towelling, napkins or cloths, made of flax or hemp, not being of the nmmifa/lnre of Great Britain, France, or the French dominions in Europe, an additional duly of 6d. by the yard, if the fame be yard wide, or under, and of is. per yard, if the fame be above one yard, and under two yards wide; and of 2$. per yard, if the fame be two yards wide or more.

1 ha thirty-first Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain. British. Foreign.

I N W ARDS.

p f T of Holland making

I|tabline,-} yard

I h!

the,

I of Silesia making, the yard u.*{ napkins, of Holland making, the dozer towelling fof Holland making, the

ij"l and J yard

o|gnapkining^ [of Silcfiamaking,theyard p drillins and packducks, the hundred ells.

S|containing fix score

1-----, and further for

j every yard thereof I bag Holland, of Holland making the ell

i-----, and further for every yard

h thereof

Linseed, thebufhel 3

Linen rags, free.

Liquorice, vide grocery.

Litmus, the hundred wt. containing H2lb.

free, if for dyers use.

Lockers, or chapes for daggers, the groce,

containing twelve dozen

pbudget, or hanging locks, small, the grocc;

I containing twelve dozen

| hanging lochs, large, the groce, containing twelve dozen

J pbox, cliell, and cupboard locks, the

j j groce

0 j horse locks, the dozen ° I

‘'k^spring f double, the dozen

o j locks, Ifingle, the dozen

|flock J double, the dozen

[Jocks, (.dingle, the dozen

Looms, called weavers looms, free.

f Cullen making, with cases, the dozen

f I Venice making, with cases, the dozen

r catlings, the groce, containing

twelve dozen knots

Lute-firings, vide harpflrings.

minikins, the groce, containing

twelve dozen knots

1 5

2 8

~ 5 3

2 6\ — 10 t 81

\ —I 2 \\

- 1 3*

- 6

Mace, vide grocery.

ferop madder, and all other bale I madder, the hundred weight, containing U2lb.

Madder, j

(free if ^ madder, the hundred weight,' for dyers i

J containing 112lb. -

u^e'^ j mul madder, the hundred weight;

h containing 112lb.

- I S

- 7

s. ' (I.

- 90

1 5

---

From other Countries.

£. s. <1

- I 2

- 610 4l

- 10

- 6[

1 7

- 61

" 2 5

- 3 1

- 5 1 — 5 s

- 1 8 — 1 10

- 3 4 i — 3 8

- 2 ii — 2 4

- 4 2 § — 4 7

- 2 6\ — 29

I 13 8 1 16 S

5 — 10 593

- 9— — 10

5 8

2 7 1 S — 7

425

A.D. 1791. Chap. 1.

- 6 1

- 3 2 1 8

- 8

Magnus,

The thirty-firs Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Great Britain, f British. j Foreign. From other Countries.

INWARDS. C‘ J’ d' '} £ s. d. f d.

Magnus, the hundred \vt. containing 112.1b. — 2 I — 2 I — 26

Mantles, vide blankets.

Maps, pr nted, the-ream - 8 5 — ! 6 10 — i3 3

Marbles, r.r children, the thousand 6 -- ,0; 10

f for ships, small, rlic mart - i 3 - 1 3 ! - 1 4

1 S

1 middle, the mail -28 — 28 — 2 !0

Mads, { , in foreign ships — — — 3

i great, the mad — 64 — 64 — 68

I ——, in foreign ships - 7 5

Match, for guns, the twenty pounds 2 — — 2 3

Mats, of RulHa, the mat —

Metheglin, the hoglhcad — 43 - 8 S — 92

Metal leaf, except hiver or gold, the packet,

containing two hundred and nfty leaves — I ! — 2 2 — 2 4

Minikins vide luteflrings.

Mithridate, the pound - 4 7

Mohair, vide camlets.

Mortars and pcftles of brass, the pound l| 3i 3l-

Mura, the barrel - — 64 — 12 8 - >3 8

Mufltets, vide gun?.

Muilin, (plain white', the yard — — iof I 11$ —

Mustard feed, the hundred weight, containing

112lb. - — 1 1 I I — ! 3

fChair nails, the thousand — 1 s — 2 IO — 3 1

Cupper nails, rose nails, and fadlers

nails, the sum, containing ten

thousand — 1 s — 2 10 — 3

Nails, Hamels nails, the sum, containing

Tocat. ten thousand — 22 — 43 — 4 7

Head nails, the barrel — 16 10 1 13 8 1 16 5

Small nails, the half bairel — 16 10 1 13 8 r 16 5

Spring nails, the sum, containing tei

_ thousand9— 5 — t 7

f of Ruflin, the score — 2i

Neats tongues, < the barrel --6i — — p

v. the dozen

r Sewing needles, the twelve thou

Needles, ) sand — 49 — 10 — — lo to

vocat. / Pack needles, the thousand — 1 1 — 2 2 — 24

Sail needles, the thousand — I I — 1 2

Nutmegs, vide grocery.

Small nuts, the barrel — I 1 i— 2 2

Nuts, 5 Chesnuts, the barrel — 7 — 3 2 — 2

L Walnuts, the barrel —9— 1 s — > 7

Oaker, the barrel - — 29— 29— 32

Oakum the hundred \vt. containing 112lb. — 3+

1 1 Ore

The shirty-frfl Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain.|From other British. I Foreign.: Conirtries.

Onions,

I N *\V A R D S.

Ore, vocat. iron ore, the ton

Ours, the hundred, containing fix ferre

- , in foreign ships

Oiives, the hoglhcaa

!the band the hundred bunches feeds, the hundred weight, containing I I2ib.

-Oranges and lemons, the thousand Orchal, the hundred weight, containing 11 db.

but if for dyers use, free.

Oil cloth, the yard

f Oil of jelnmine, the pound|Oil extracted from juniper berries, free.

| Oil of vitriol free, j Linked oil, by subjects, the ton —, by strangers, the ton

I Rape, by subjects, the ton

- , by strangers, the ton

j Sevile, Majorca, Minorca, Apugiin, Pro-\ vence, and Portugal, by subjects, thej ton

by strangers, the ton

Sallad oil, by subjects, the ton by strangers, the ton

Greenland, by subjects, the ton

- , in foreign ships, the ton

- , by strangers, the ton

in foreign ships, the ton

l5 3 k 3 2

- 3

10 11

l6 10

iS n

Oil, head matter, or other produce of whales or other creatures living in the seas, taken and caught in any part of the ocean by the crew of any fiiip or vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by his Majesty's subjects usually residing therein respectively, may on importation be admitted to entry, and landed without payment of any duty whatever. Note,----- For British

plantation and American oils, vide fehc-

dule D.

Oysters, pickled, the gallon - j__________

Packthrcai

l5 3i 3 2 — 3

10 I I

8 *1 I IO

4

8 io

i —.

4 2 4 2

5 91

16 4 13 6

1

8 21 1 10* *4 4i 16 5 r —

I —

4 2 4 2

{in ikeans, the hundred weight L vocat. bottom thread, the icolb.

S Dripping and frying pans, thej

hundred weight, containing rans, vocat j u;,b_

Warming pans, the dozen jPi

12 8 10 6

9

12 8

- 13 8

- n 5

13 8 Fan

A28 The thirty-strjl Year of George III.

A.D. 1791. Schedule A. From Gr British. eat Britain. Foreign. From other Countries.

Chap. 1.

INWARDS. j. 1 £. x. d. A ' i-

Pan tyles, vide brick {tones.

'Blue paper, the rheam, - 1 1 11 — 1 3

Brown paper, the bundle 3^ 71 8:

Paper of Caen and llouen, ordinary, the

rheam - — — 1 6\ — 7i

Cap paper, the rheam 9l — 1 10 — 2 —

Card paper, the rheam 8 — 1 8 — 1 IC

£ Demy paper, the rlieam — 3i — 2 3i — 2 fi>-

0 f j Gold paper, vide gold.

SL Morlaix paper, the rheam ~ 1 3i — i 4}

£ Ordinary printing and copy paper, the

rheam v— 3| — 1 3f — 1 4i

Painted paper the rheam — 19— 2 IO — 3 '

L'rclFing paper, the hundred leaves — '9— 32 — 3 3

Rochelle paper as large as demy paper,

the rheam - — 2 — — 2 2

LRoyal paper, the rlieam — 2 if — 3 2 — 3 6

Parchment, the roll, containing fix dozen

fiiects - - 5 5 ~ S 5 — 6 1

l’ar s mantles, vide blankets.

I’.» ng tyles, vide brickilones.

Pears or apples, d'icri, vide apples.

Peas, called garden peas, the bushel — I I.

But if for sowing, free.

Penners, tire groce, containing twelve dozen — 43 - 8 s — 92

Pepper, vide giocery.

Perry, vide cyder.

Pestles of brass, vide mortars.

Pewter, vide tin.

Piamento, the pound (vide fclicdulc D.) — -21

Piercer bits, the groce, containing twelve

dozen - - - 2 if - 4 21 — 4 7

Pike heads, the piece

p., f without heads, the piece 4r9— — 10

[with heads, the piece 6 I — 1 —

Pile weights, vide brass.

Pin cases, vide cases for needles.

Pincers, or plyers, the dozen —. — 59— -— 10

(the twelve thousand — - 4 i; — 4 7

lEnglish, the twelve thousand - 1 61 —

( for children, the groce, containing

Pipes, < twelve dozen IO — 1 8 — I IO

( for tabors, the dozen — 8 5 16 to — 18 3

£ ffmall hand, the Jail, containing 12 barrels "43 — 4 3 — 411

- in foreign fiiips — 6 4

at hand, the taft, containing 12 barrels - 6 8 — G 8 — 710

£ u — in foreign ships — IO 2

!'! the dozen - . 3 6

Wider

The thirty-first Year of George III. Schedule A.

I N AV ARDS.

PI,lifter of Ptris, the mount, containing 30c; weight

r of cedar, the foot

(. five score x\\\ bullion, either in coin, bars or plarcs; free.

Single, white or black, the barrel, containing 300 plates

tabling 300 plates-Harness plates, r the plate

or < the bundle confab. j^Iron doubles, C plates Playing tables of walnut tree, the pair Pliers, vide pincers.

f of thread, the great groce, contain j small grocc of capiton, the great groce, com <* ! 12 small groce

2 <} of fine silk, the small groce, con ^|12 dozen -

|----- and for every lb. weight of

I of the manufacture of Great Britain China, Person, or the East Indies Pomegranates, the thousand Pomy, or Pumice stones, the ton Pot allies, vide allies.

fCovered, the too cast, containing five score-Pots, vocat. of j Uncovered, the 100 cast, con earth or stone,

spaliypots, the 100, containing five score u|Iron, not exceeding gallons each, th \ dozen -

|Melting-pots for goldsmiths, the 100 M bAll pots and kettles of iron, the dozen Prunes, vide grocery.

Printing letters or types, the hundred weight j fPullies of iron, the groce, containing 1 § dozen -

£ ( Of brass, the dozen s Of wood, the groce, containing 12 do. Pi \_ zen

Pumice stone, vide pomy.

Punfons and gravers, for goldsmiths, the lb. Vol. XV. 5

From Great Britain. Britishi. Foreign.

From other Countries.

r. i. ll. £. 1. d.

- 3 3 — 3 8 — 45

j I —. —. I ' — — I L

- I 4 ——

- 6 4 — <S4 — 7 —

- 12 8 — 12 8 — 14

2J- 5 6

- 2 2 — 43 3" -1

9- I s 7

- 22 — 4 3 — 4 7

er> 1 1 CO —9a

- 3 — 64 — 6 10

t > 4 4— 4.4 —

- 49— 8 11 — 98

- <5 — — 6~ — 3

- 81. — to II — 114

’ r — 7 5 — II 7 —12 3

- 6 4 — 10 6 —11 3

e - 3 a — <3 4 — 6 10

6 IO 10

- is 11 in 6 .1 13 8

- 10 6 I. I — I 2 p

2 - 13 8 I 4 2 1 5 11

- s — -7- IO — — 11

- 2 2 — 4 3 — 47

ll — — 2; — 3

Puppet

43° A.D. 1791, The thirty-jirjl Year of George'lII. 'Schedule A.|" 1 1 From other Countries.

Chap. i. £ - rf-. £ ' i

J IN 'W A R D S. 1 Puppets for children,- vide babies.

‘of Callico, - the piece , and additional duty, according to the nature of the fabric and number of yards. — 4 3 — 4 3

M W of satin ot other (ilk, the piece .« and for every pound weight of fdk, except the manufacture of Great Britain, ' China, Persia, or the Raft - 14 I :8 — i 10

-'l 1 Indies — 4 '4 — 4 .'4 —

Quinces, the hundred 5 — 10 II

' Rackets the piece . -- 2. — — -2

Raddle, the barrel - ,1 I — 1 1 - i ’3

'Rapeseed, the quarter ' f the groce, containing — 21- — 2 1 - 2 S

: Rattles for children, < twelve dozen - — 2 '2 — 4 3: - 4 7

; (. with bells, the dozen 5 -10 n

Razors,- the dicker, containing ten — .2 2 — 4 3 — 4 .7

' Reaping hooks or Tickles, the dozen: Red lead, vide drugs. ’ Reeds, vide canes. 3} 7§ 8

Regulus, the hundred weight- Toffilk of all forts, andiall-other manu- j fuclures, the pound, containing sixteen — 4 3 — 43 — 4 u

e J i ounces - j of gold, Tilver, or both, the pound, con- — to 6 5 69

{_ taining sixteen ounces Rice, vide schedule D. Rims for sieves, the groce, containing twelve — 16 io 6- s

dozen 8 8 __ H p

'for curtains, the pound for keys, the groce, containing twelve — n 3f 4

' dozen - of lirafs, copper or St. Martin’s, gilt, the — i — Ill — 2 I

|groce, containing twelve dozen e^small, the box, containing two groce. — 22 — 4 3 — 47

cd twelve dozen to each groce of hair, the groce, containing twelve — I I — 2 2 - 2 3

dozen -of wire, the groce, containing twelve 4 8

dozen - - Rosin, if not of the product of any of the Britishi dominions or plantations, and imported in ships built and navigated accord- 6 — — XI

ing to law, for every hundred weight - 2 6i — 2 61 - t (>i Rosin

The thirtj-frjl Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain.

Britirti.

INWARDS. :£ ' Rolin, and if imported in any foreign built

vessel, for every hundred weight thereof t--

Rugs of all forts, the piece - — 2

- *----- , and additional duties according to the nature of the fabrick and number of yards.

Saddles, of steel, the piece

SaUIore, the hundred wt. containing is sib.

but if for dyers use, free.

Saflbra, vide barilla.

Saffron, the pound

the bushel, containing eight gallons - in foreign ships

Salt, white of all forts,

Salt, vocat. Rockfalt, the ton

Salt-petre, the hundred weight, containing

U2lb.

/Frame-saws, each

3 Hand-saws, the dozen

> J Leg-saws, the piece

Tenant-saws, the dozen

to l\Vhip-saws, the piece

( for razors, the dozen

\ for scabbards, the bundle containing Scales, )

I ioo -

k Vide brass.

Scailet powder, vide grains.

Sciflars, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Scythes, the dozen -

Scythe stones, the dozen

Sea-holly roots, the hundred weight, contain*

ingmlb- -

Sea-horse teeth, the pound

Serges, vide drapery.

C Chinque foil, clover, the pound

Seeds, Millet, the hundred weight

Seeds for gardens, vide in drugs, for Agnus

Cotcus, ameos, Amomi, Carraway, Cartha*

mus, Coriander, Fennel), Piony, Poppy,

Semen Thlapfiii, and Garden feeds; vide

likewise Onion feeds.

Sieves of hair, the dozen

Shag, Stuff, or hair, the yard

1 vocat. forceps, the groce, containing twelve dozen for gloves, the pair Garden shears, the dozen for feamfters, the dozen

5

__ __ n

- 4

- I c —

- 2 7v

- 2 2

Foreign.

- ^4

- 3i

£ ' d.

- 2 71-

- s 6

4 7

9io

- 6 io

- I -i

3 8

99 5

fr

- 43

- 4

- 2

- 1 5

- 7 — — 7

-53-

431

From other A.D. Countries. 1791. ----- Chap. 1.

- 4

- 4i

1 -i

4 1*

1 5

—9—

- 47

- 7

’ 1 3 — 7

59 - 9Shcsrr,

43 2 A.D. 1791. The thirty-first Year Schedule A. of George III. From Great Britain. Britishi. Foreign. From other Countries.

Chap. 1. INWARDS. £ £ ' £ ' d.

f new, the pair — 22 — 4 3 — 4 7

fbrfliearmen, |oU> thepair . — s — 2 10 — 3 1

1 1 Sheep {hears, the dozen9— s — 1 7

for taylors, the dozen —9— 3 S - 3 8

Sheaths for knives and forks, the grocc — — 7 I — 12

Shot, the hundred weight — -1 7 — 3 2 — 3 S

Shrub, vide spirits. Shruff, or old brass, the hundred weight, containing H2lb. - - ,3- v© 1 -64 — .7 5

Shumack, the hundred wt. containing H2lb. — — 5 — 1 S

f rec, if for dyers use. "Orgazine silk, the lb. containing sixteen ounces - — '9— 2 I

Silk, raw, not being of the growth or culture- of any of his Majesty's colonies in America, for every pound weight, containing twenty four ounces - 1 3i - 1 -3i

'Satin-- silk, the pound, containing sixteen ounces - 43 — 4 11

Silk nubs waste or hulks, the pound, containing twenty-one ounces S

Thrown silk, (undyed) the pound) containing sixteen ounces - 3 6 — 4 1

Thrown silk, (dyed) the pound, containing sixteen ounces — s 3 — 6 2

s China damalk, the yard — - 5 8 — 6 7

Cloth of snld,- plain, the yard - 8; - 8 j —9to

r of iilver, wrought, the yard — 12 8 — ta 8 — 149

w of tilTiic, the yard I I I I — 1 4 6

And further, if of the manufacture of China, Persia, or the East Indies an additional duty per yard of — 1 7 — 1 7

Otherwise, and not the manufacture ol Great Britain, an additional duty for every pound weight thereof 4 4 — -4 4 —

All silks wrought of the fabric or manu-' failure of the Fall Indies, Italy, or any’ part or places whatsoever, the pound weight, containing sixteen ounces j— j j 412 — 4 129

Silk manufacture, not otherwise ratedj mixed with gold, silver, or both, the' ki pound - - j 1 $ 3 ' 593 5 ’3 S

Sheets for whitfters, the fkeet 1? — i-J

f Buck, in the hair, the skin 3j 3i 4

drest, the skin -- 7 7 8

s Calf skins, raw, the dozen99 10

CO , tanned, the dozen Cordovant, of Scotland, the dozen — I 4 — 2 10 — i 4 — 1 6

Skins,

Schedule A.

INWARD S.

fDog-fifo flans, for fletchers, the dozen Fox-skins, drest, the dozen Goat skins, of Barbary, or the East country, in the hair, the dozen skins

- , of England and Scotland

in the hair the dozen - tanned, the dozen

gated according to law, free. Huss fltins, for flctchers, the stein

3 fnc five score

I Kid -fkms, ) , ft. j,

i /dressed, the 100, containing

! h five Tcore

J Portugal skins, the dozen

j Seal Anns, the Jkin

J If raw and undrejftd and talen according to j G. 3. cap. 3. by BriitJ}} or Irish wjfelstftte. Shamois fleins, the -dozen Sheep skins, in the wool, the skin Spanish, Seville, or Cordovant skins, the dozen -

(Spruce flrins, tawed, tire dozen Slates, the thousand Smalts, free.

Snuff, the pound Snuffers, of all forts, die dozen % f Black, free.

§ iCafUle, or Venice, die hundred weight, £ I containing 112lb. w 'Elemifli, the barrel Spades, for gardeners, the dozen Spangles, of copper, the thousand Spars, small, the ico, containing fix score ——, in foreign ships ----- vide boom spars and cant spars.

ing twelve dozen

irits perfectly made, am single proof, the gallon

‘J

glc proof, the gallon ——, in foreign flaps

gallon

l_"----- j in foreign ships, the gallon

of G^or From Gre British. ge III. at Britain, Foreign. From other Countries.

£. s- £. j. d. £ ' J-

4 4 5

- 22 - 3 ~ - 3 3’-

- I 10 — 22

—9__—

- 43 — 4 3 — 4 ir

-j __ 3 —

- 2 2 — 22 — 2d

- 4 3 — 4 3 — 4 ir

' — 4 3 — 4 u

% 2

j ‘ — 3 — - 3 6

- 1 1 I

- 10 6 — 12 3

- 4 3 — 4 3 — 4 11

- I X — 1 1 — 1 3

4; Si —

9— I J — 1 7

- 159— 16 10

- 16 10 - <8 3

- 2 2 - 4 3 ~ 4 7

H 3 3

- 2 Z — 2 2 — 2 6

- 3

- 4 1 — 4 6

- 4 ss

- 4 8| — g 1

- 59

- 4 8i ~ J If

~59Spirits,

*t.) J

434

A.D.

*79

Chap. i.

The thirty-frjl Year of George III. Schedule A.

From Great Britain. British. Foreign.

I N W A R I) S.

'Rum, of the British plantations, videfche-dule D.

And for every gallon of foreign spirits above the quality of lingle spirits, an additional duty for such spirits to be paid in proportion to the duties payable for single spirits of the fame denomination, according to the comparative t|egree of strength which such spirits shall bear to single spirits of the fame denomination.

And by 33 G. 2- cap. to All prub or other fnixed/pint* imported into this kingdom, pall, be deemed and taken to be fugle spirits or spirits perfectly made, and pay duty as such.

Spoons of horn, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Sports, vide bafleets.

Spunges, vide drugs.

Standifhes, of brass, the dozen

- , of wood, the dozen

—, covered with leather, gilt, the piece

vocat. Pocket (tandiflies, the dozen

Starch, the hundred weight, containing ii2lb. Staves, viz. barrel (laves, pipe (laves, headings, or other (laves' for making calks. 1 for every thousand, at fix score to the hundred Steel, wisp or long Reel, the hundred weight containing U2lb.

Stockings, of silk, the pair

- , and for every lb. wt. of silk, not

British manufacture ----- for men or women, the

pair

el

> woollen

- for children, the pair

of worlled for men or women,

- I 8*

- 6

3 2 — 4 3

- 4

the pair -

- , for children, the pair

("Stone "birds, or whiffles, the small groce, containing twelve dozen g Blood (tones, the pound > Dog (tones, the lait, containing three pair j; to the lait -

5 Emery (tones, vide eniery. w Flag ((ones, tile loo feet ^Miil (tones, the piece

- i 8*

- 1(> — — to

S 1 — 5 6 to

3 2

4 3

4 —

- 4

- 6

- 3

- 4i

—. 6. 4

- 19

- 3 6

From other Countries.

& ' i-

- 1 p

- 7 6

- e; v

- i —

- 3 6

- 4 II

4 4 —

- 4}

- 21

- to

- it

- > 3

8 s

- 2 1

- 4 8

Stones,

The thirty-first Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Year of George III.

From Great Britain. British. Foreign.

& ' d. A e.

From other Countries.

c- -

435

A.D. 1791. Chap. 1.

~ f Pumice stones, videpumy.

p \ Quern C large, the lad

*' stones, £ small, the Iaft

o I Slick stones, *the too containing fiv*

score

Straw hats, vide bafts.

Strong waters, vide spirits.

Stuffs, vide drapery.

Sturgeon, the firkin

- , the keg

SuccaFds, wet or dry, the pound Sugar candy, vide grocery.

Sugar moulds or pots, the too, containing five score

Sugars, vide grocery and schedule C.D. Sword blades, of Venice, Turkey, or fine blades, the dozen,

*-----^—, coarse, of Flanders-raaking, the

xlozpn

- r—, British, vide blades.

Syder'or perry, the ton

17 4

3

1 i 2

- 4

493 2

6 4

17 4 — i3 5

3 2 — 39

n 2 — 11 4

6 4 3 2 — 8

6 10 3 5 -9

7 11 — 8 5

6 4 — 6 id

4 3 - 47 6 4 — 7 —

Table books, coarse, the dozen

- , fine, the dozen

Tables, C Playing tables, of wainfeot and ali vocat. £ other forts, coarse, the pair,

Tacks of iron, the thousand Tallow, the hundred weight Tar, small band, the last, containing twelve barrels -

- : in foreign ships

- } great band, the last, containing

twelve barrels -

- , in foreign ships

Tarras, the barrel -

Tea, green, for every pound weight thereof

*-----, black, bohea, or other tea, for every

pound weight -

- and if the same shall have been purchased at the East India company’s sale in London for a higher price than four fliil-lings per pound, then a further additional duty of one penny, and one twentieth part of a penny per pound weight for every six-pence British that shall be paid for the same over and above the sum of four shillings British at such sale, the pi Ice thereof to be

j R

1 — 22 — 24

2- — 4 3 — 4 7

7 —II — I 29. — I j — I 7

6i---6{---6i

-32

3 10 5 3

- S3 — 6 S

- 89

- 8----- -9

- <5161

- 4!---4J

inserted

43^ The ibirty-frfc Year of George III.

A- © Schedule A. >79r- Flora Great Britain. British. Foreign. From other Countries.

AjJUip, .1. L"v>^ inwards. £ x. 1 L ' I £ '

infett:d in the cocVet, and to be further af. certained by a reference to the falc books of the East India company. M — '— It*5

Teazels, the thousand — 2 — —. 2

Thimbles, the thousand -T- 6 4 — 12 8 - 13

[" Bridges thread, the dozen pounds j Crolbow thread, the hundred pounds, con-. j Gaining five scote -9d — 9.11

_ — 14 — — iS 1

C j Of gold and silver, vide gold. M j Lyons or Paris thread, the bale, contain-*§ 1 *ing loo bolts 2 10 { 2 15 8

js j Outnal thread, the dozen pounds — 64 — 12 8 - 13 8

| Piecing thread, the dozen pounds - 8 J — 16 ,10 — 18 3

j Sillers thread, the pound — 1 7 — 3 2 — 33

Whi’.ed brown thread, the dozen pounds - - J IO — A >r - S 3

Tiles, called pan tiles, vide bricks. Tinfoil, the grocc, containing twelve dozen 5 *" 5 5

Tinglass, the hundred wt. containing n2lb. — 64 — 64 — 7 5

Tjnfd, with copper, the yard 7 — 1 1 — r 2

right, gold and hiver, the yard — 1 j — 22 — 24

Tinthore, the groce, containing ‘twelve dozen - 3 ___ 2 -- 3

Tobacco, of the produce of Great Britain, North America, or of the British plantations, imported either ..from Great Britain or from the '.place of growth, per pound weight.

and if.imported by strangers, or by any daws now of force, be subject to aliens duty, then a further duty per pound weight of

Subject in both cases to duties of excite. Tobacco pipes, the groce — 5 8 —9

Tongues, ride neats tongues. Tools, -vocat. carving tools, the groce, con-tabling twelve dozen — 22 — 43 — 47

Tortoise (hell, the pound -— 7 8

Trays of wood, the {hock, containing City Trays - 22 — 22 — 2

Treacle, Flanders treacle, the barrel — — —16 10 - is 3

of Jean, the pound — — — ii 2J

and further, for every hundred wt. thereof .... I I — I I —

Tree nails, the thousand —> 1 1 — I I — i 3

Trees of all forts, free. Trowels, the dozen - >. 10 — 1 8 — I 10

Trumpets, vide brass. Trunncls,

The thirty-first Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Great Britain. Britishi. Foreign. From otiier Countries-

INWARDS. £ o’ £. J. £ d-

Trunnels, the thousand I I — I I — > 3

Twill, for band firings, the dozen knots — I I — 2 2 — 24’

of gold or silver, the ounce Tiles, vide brick (tones. Tin, of Cornwall and Devonshire, unwrought,9—' ' 5 — ' 7

the hundredweight, containing 11 sib. vocat. grain tin, free. , wrought, vocat. pewter, the hundrer — 4 3

weight, containing n 2)b. Trenchers, white fort, common, the "groce, - .8 5 - 8 5 — y 10

containing twelve dozen rcd, or painted, the groce, con- — — £ 5 6

tabling twelve dozen Turpentine, oil or spirits, for every pound ~ 1 3 — 2 6 — 29

’'eight - 11 — ji

Vellum, for table books, the fkm — I 1 — i i — 3

Velvet, the pound I I S 5 — j 8 6

Verditer, the hundred wt. containing mlb. — 2 10 — 2 10 — 3 4

Vials, the piece - - - 1 s — 2 10 — 3

Vice harps, the dozen 3 6

Vices, for smiths, the vice9~ 1 5 — 1 7

Vinegar, the ton - i ii 6 6 7 I 6 8 19

Vizards, the dozen - - — 2 7 — 5 1 - 5 6

Wainfcots, the hundred, containing fix score, 3 >3 6 3 >3 <5 3 17 —

in foreign ships 4 4 —

Wax, the hundred weight, containing i r alb- — 5 - — 5 ~ - 5 8

——vocat. hard wax, the pound Weights, vide brass. 3 3 4

Weld or woold draw, the hundred weight, If for dyers use, free. Whalebone, the hundred weight, caught or99 — — 19

cured by Britishi or Irish subject Fins of whales, taken and caught in any part of the ocean, by the crew of any ship or vessel, built in Great Britain, Ireland, cr the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by his Maje-llyYsubjects, usually redding therein respectively, are upon importation to be admitted to entry, and Iandcc without payment of any duty whatever. Vide schedule D. Whalebone, not Britishi or Irish caught and — 3 2

cured, the hundred weight Whet-Bones, the hundred (tones, containing — 43 — 4 f

five (core - Vol. XV. -5 S — i 8 — l 8 V/aJp-

J

437

A.D.

x79i* Chap. i.

438 A.D. 1791. The thirty first Year Schedule A. of Geot| From Gre British. je III. *t Britain. Foreign. From other Countries.

Chap. I. INWARDS. £ d- s. d. r. 1. 11

Whip-cotd, the pound I — 2 2

WhilUes, cocks or bellows, the groce - 2 7 ~ 5 — - j 6

*——, cocks or birds of (tone, the small groce, containing twelve dozen 3 — — 10 — — II

White lead, vide drugs. Whiting, the hundred weight lh 3i M —I

Woad, vocat. islands or green woad, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight_i 7 4 I 10 1

(if for dyers use, free) —, Thouloufe woad; the hundred weight, containing i!2lb. — 29 3 4

r or dyers use, free. 'Box wood, for combs, the thousand pieces, - 3 6 — 3 6 - 4 r

Brazil or Farmunbuco wood, 7 Vide sche-Brazilletto or Jamaica wood, j dale D. Ebony wood, the hundred weight, containing U2lb. — 49 — s 6

If of Africa, and imported from thence or from Great Britain, unmanufactured, free. Fire wood, the fathom 1 1 — 11 " i 3

T js —_ , ill foreign ships — 1 7

Fulliclc, T Logwood, / Red or Guinea wood, (VidefcheduIeD. Speckle wood, J Sweet wood of West India, the hundred weight, containing 11 alb. 2 8 —» 3 1

Timber, the toil or load, containing fifty feet - - — I9— 19

——, in, foreign ships — 2 6

Wool, of all forts, free. fDagger and quartern wire, the pound — 1 81-

Iron wire, the hundred weight, containing ii2lb. - ~ S 3 — S3 — 6 2

vocat. , and further, (except British or French) for every one hundred pounds weight - 2126 2 12 6

o 1 Lanin wire, the hundred weight, containing H2lb. - — to 6 r r — I 29

Steel wire, the pound 31 *89

Str.ilborough wire, the pound — —9— ~9

(Virginal wire, the pound — 4 (5 — 5 — - 5 1

rt O O Cable yarn, the hundred weight, containing mlb. - - u — 2 — — 2 2

c u rt /< I j camel or mohair yarn, the pound L containing fifteen ounces I —" yi — 3I 4

Yarn

yarn, vocal.

The thlrtj-first Year of George III.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

From Great Britain.

Britishi. Foreign.

£ d. £. d.

From other Countries.

£ i-

r,

{the pound of Turkey, the pound Grogram yarn, the small pound, containing sixteen ounces ——

Raw linen yarn, Dutch or French, the

j pound ——

Sea! yarn, the pound ——

Scotch yarn, the pound -

Spruce or Mufeovy yarn, the hundred weight, containing iulb.

Woollen and bay yarn, the hundred wt. w containing mlb. ,— 7

- 2

U---2

- 3?

3

11'

- 3 10 — 4 r

- 7 — — 8' 2

439

A.D. 1791. Chap. r.

Note, An additional duty of fir pounds per cintmn, to be paid on the full amount of the said duties (except fugais), if impoited by retailers or confirmers.

r f> £.

Schedule

The thirtyfnjl Year of George III.

Schedule B.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly from thence into this Kingdom, in any British or Irish built Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, or in any French built Ship or Vessel, wholly owned by the Subjects of His Molt Christian Majesty, and whereof the Mailer and three-fourths of the "Mariners are also Subjects of His Molt Christian Majesty, which Duties fopaid are at due Exportation wholly drawn back within Three Years after Import, except Wines, upon which the Drawbacks in Schedules C and D are allowed.

44°

A.D. 1791.

Chap. 1.

Duty.

£ ' d-

INWARDS.

WINES, The ton containing 252 gallons.

F filled and 7 subject to aliens duty imported, ) not subject to aliens duty It* unfilled and ) subject to aliens duty imported, 5 not subject to aliens duty And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Beer for every hundred pounds of the value thereof And so in proportion for any greater rr Icfs value.

- And upon every thirty-two gallons thereof, a further duty of And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Cabinet ware, turnery, and musica! mllvuments, for every one hundred pounds value thereof

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Articles made of iron and Heel separately or mixed, or worked or mounted with other substances, such articles not exceeding in their value two pounds fourteen shillings and two pence Irish currency, the hundred weight, for every cue hundred pounds of the value thereof -

36 4 10 4 35 0 4 4 33 14 1 4 32 12 0 12

3° 0 o 026

10 o c

500

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Articles made of iron and Heel, separately or mixed, or worked or mounted with other substances, and exceeding in their value two pounds fourteen (killings and two pvnee Irish currency,

Duty.

The thirty-jit'/} Year of George III.

441-

Schedule B.

INWARDS.

£ ' d.

A.D. 1791.Chap. i.

the hundred weight j and all buckle* *, buttons, knives, or fc»ffars, and ali other articles of hardware or cutlery, and all articles made'of copper or brass, separately or mixed, or worked or mounted with other fubfhnces, for every one hundred pounds value thereof ----- 1000

And so in proportion for any greater or less value,

-Manufactures of cotton, whether knit or wove, including hosiery, for every one hundred pounds value thereof - 12 o o

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Woollen manufactures of all forts, whether knit or wove, including hosiery, for every one hundred pounds value thereof 12 0 0

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Cambricks, viz.

- The demi piece, not exceeding seven yards and three

quarters of a yard in length, and not exceeding seven eighths of a yard in breadth, or not being above the value of two pounds fourteen shillings and two pence Irish currency - 055

And so in proportion for any greater quantity.

i.... The demi piece of seven yards and three quarters in length, exceeding seven-eighths of a yard in breadth, or being above the value of two pounds fourteen shillings and two pence lri(h currency, for every one hundred pounds of the value of all such cambricks so imported in demi pieces - - 10 o 0

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Lawns, viz.

——} The demi piece not exceeding seven yards and three quarters of a yard in length, and not exceeding one yard and one quarter of a yard in breadth, or not being above the value of two pounds fourteen shillings and two pence Irish currency - 0 5 5

And so in proportion for any greater quantity.

The demi piece of seven yards and three quarters of a yard in length, exceeding one yard and one quarter of a yard in breadth, or being above the value of two pounds fourteen shillings and two pence Into cur-

rency, for every one hundred pounds of the value of

all such lawns so imported in demi pieces - , 10 0 0

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Gauzes of all forts, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof - - - 10 00

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Porcelain, earthen ware, and pottery, for every one hundred pounds value thereof - - - 12 o ©

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Linen,

- , Damalk tabling, the yard -

——, Damask towelling and napkining, the yard Vo-l. XV. 5 T

0 o 10 nJl

003 iptt

Linen,

442 A.D.

1791-Chap. i.

The thirty-first Year of George III. Schedule B.

INWARDS.

Linen,

- , Diaper tabling, the yard -

' , Diaper towelling and napkining, the yard

Diaper napkins, the dozen

Linen, not otherwise enumerated or described, for each ell thereof

Sail cloth, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Plate glass, and glass ware, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Sadlery, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Millinary made up of muilin, lawn, cambrick or gauze of any kind, or of any other article herein before mentioned, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

If any other article, not herein before mentioned, which may be legally imported into this kingdom, shall be used in such millinary, duties tfiall be paid thereon as low as are, or may be, payable on the like articles imported from any other foreign European nation.

Duty.

£ ' "n

O O 6 I2f

o o a 0 3 3 Mr o o 4 8A il o 8

12 0 S

ij o o

iz o a

Schedule

The thirty-frjl Year of George III.

443

A.B.

Schedule C. Chip.’,".

No. I. A Table of the Net Duties payable upon all Wines imported into this Kingdom, filled or unfilled, subject to Aliens Duty or otherwise, except Wines of France or the French Dominions in Europe.

No. II. A Table of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation of Wines, except to the Britishi Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

No. III. A Table of the Net Duties payable on the Importation into this Kingdom of all Sugars, not

being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Britishi Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, or of the Manufacture of Great Britain, with the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof.

Duties on Wines.

For every Ton of Wine imported.

Schedule C. No. I. If not subject to Aliens Duty. , If subject to Aliens Duty.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

INWARDS. £ * £ ' £ e. j. i.

Portugal and Madeira wine, Spa-nish and Canary wine, and wineof all other the dominions of Spain 22 4 8 20 14 — 23 — 2. 21 8 —

Rhenish wine 29 7 toj 26 19 7J 30 '942 28 7 nr

Ail other wine, except wines of France or the French dominions in Europe ... 29 18 4! 279 - 1 31 13 42 29 - 7

Note—An additional duty of six pounds per centum to be paid on the full amount of the said duties if imported by retailers or consumers,

S T*

Drawbacks

4

;444 T'he thirty-frjl Year of George III.

Ar'79®‘; Drawbacks on Wines.

Chap.i.

Drawbacks on every ton of wine exported) except to the BritUirpiantations)

Not having.paid Aliens Having paid Aliens

Duty. Duty.

Schedule C. No. 11.

Filled. . Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

O U T W A R D S. £ d- £ < £ ' d- £. s. d.

French wine 31 10 4* i! H 3t.11 6 .29 10 I

Spanish, Canary) and wines of the dominions of Spain, Portugal, and Madeira, wine - 00 16 4 — 16 6 10; Ij 8-

AH other wines 239to] 21 12 II 239io£ 21 12 II

Duties and Drawbacks on Foreign Sugars.

Duties,

Schedule C. No. III. Except from Great Britain. ;From Great Britain.

INWARDS. £ ' d- £. s. d.

f Muscovado, the hundred weight containing 112 lbs. -o /White, the hundred wt. containing i i2lbs. (Refined, the hundred wt. containing U2lbs. r9Si 29!; j 6 lo'i 1" 7 3i 2 S 31 4 17

Drawbacks.

OUTWARDS. £. s. d.

Muscovado, the hundred weight, containing nalbs. 1 7 3 i

White, the hundred weight, containing ii2lhs. 2S3?

in (^Refined, the hundred weight) containing nalbs. 4 17 8i

Schedule

The shirty-first Year of George III.

445

A.D.

Schedule D. Chip.

No. I. A Tabic of the Net Duties payable upon the Importation into this Kingdom of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes therein enumerated, being the Growth,

Product, or Manufacture of the British Plantations, whether imported directly from the said Plantations or from Great Britain, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom.

No. II. A Table of the Net Duties payable on the Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of this Kingdom therein enumerated, to the British Plantations in America or the West Indies.

No. III. A Table of the Duties to be paid per Gallon on the Exportation of Foreign Spirits to the British Plantations In America, or Settlements on the Coast. of Africa, over and above the Duties paid on the Importation thereof.

No. IV. A Table of the Duties payable on llie Exportation from this Kingdom of Beaver and Cotton Wool, being the Growth or Produce of the British Plantations- in America or the West Indies, and imported from thence.

No. V. Tables of the Drawbacks on Callicoes, Mullins,

Teas, and Wines, to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof to the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Ind'. -s, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa respectively.

Schedule D. No. I.

inward s.

Allies, Pot lmf-oneil with proper certificate free, or Pearl }'>ut on fJlure thereof, the hundred weight -

Blnhkr, vide oil.

Cceheieil, free.

Duty rn Tmpru-'lliit; flu Imposta* ion from Ante*! tion from (licit

rsca or the V.Tfl Indio.

£ r. J.

a — Si

Br'tiin.

Drawback

Expi.ru: i<*n.

£ t. d.

Coffee,

The thirty-first Year of George III.

'Schedule D. No. X

Duty on Importa- Duty on Import-tion from Ame- tion from Great tica or the West Britain, ji-d ladies. Drawback on

Exportation.

INWARDS.

:CoiIee,- the pound -

Note, Upon paying down 3l. ,6d. for every hundred weight, and securing the remainder of duty, cojft may be warehoused in like manner, and under ih fame regulations as tobacco, subject olfo to 6d. per pound excise duty.

Copper ore, the hundred weight Purs, vide /kins.

Ginger, the hundredweight, containing nib.

Groceries, Piamento, the pound —

Rice, the hundred weight, containing ri2lb.

‘Gum Arabic or Gum Senega, the hundred weight Hemp and flax, free.

Hempfced and flaxfeed, free.

f Cow or ox hides, tanned, the pound j Elk, vide /kins.

! of horses, mares or geldings, in the hair, the > I piece -

S ^----- ---, tanned, the pound

£j J Indian hides, undressed the piece

1 Lofli hides, the pound -

I Raw or undressed, of steers, cows, or other cat-(. tie, except horses, mares or geldings, free. Hops, the hundred weight -

Indigo, free.

Iron, unwrought, vocat. Pig, or Bar iron, free.

Molasses, the hundred weight — — 3 3

’of Greenland and parts adjacent, taken by any

/hipping belonging to his Majesty's colonies or

plantations, and imported in such /hipping,

the ton, containing 252 gallons — — 6 8rV

"0 of Greenland and parts adjacent, taken by any

c= flapping belonging to his Majesty's colonies or

u plantations, and imported in shipping belong-

0 ing to Great Britain or Ireland, the ton, con-

V. u -0 taining 252 gallons — — — >3 n

*3 of Newfoundland, and like soit, of Britishi or

3 ' u Irish fishing the ton containing 252 gallons 1 8 jA

0 of Newfoundland, and like fort, taken by Ship-

*0 c ping belonging to any of his Majesty's colonies

>- or plantations, and imported in such /hipping,

the ton, containing 252 gallons — — 14 4*

J. of Newfoundland, and like fort, taken by /hip-

O ping belonging to any of his Majesty's colonies

or plantations, and imported in shipping belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, the ton, Detaining 252 gallons

- u rr

- 7

6f

- 5*'*

- 9}

- 1 3* -----10*.

6 8 8|

id 81-1

2T3

- 7 ui

- 8}

1 lil

4 10

- 13 5*V

- II SVr

S 4A

91A Pitch

The thirty-jirjl Year of , George III.

: Schedule D. No. I. ’ Duty on Import, tion from Ar.ic rica or the Wc Imiiis. - Duiyon Impoita- -1 tioa from Great Dritain, ami Drawback on Exportation.

INWARD S. Pitch and tar, the last, containing 12 barrels, eacl £ d. £ I. d.

barrel not exceeding 31 f gallons — — II II — 10 6’

Rosin, the hundred weight — — Rum, vide spirits. Sago powder, or vermicelli, free. Silk, raw, imported with proper certificates, free, f Armin or ermin skins, undressed, the timber^ — I 8/0 — I 8A \

1 containing 40 skins — — — II IT — 10 10

Badger skins, undressed, the piece —* 7»t 6{

Bear skins, white, undressed, the piece — Bear skins of any other colour, undressed, the — I II — 10 10

piece - Beaver skins, of the produce of his Majesty's do- — J Ilf - i S

minions in America, for every five fcorc skins —9—r —

Beaver wombs, the piece — — Buck or deer skins, undressed, and I SiT —

Buck and deer skins, Indian half-dressed, f the skin — — — 3 Calabar skins, tawed., the timber, containg 40 2i 2f

skins - Calabar skins, untawed or undressed, the timber — 2 si —* 2 2

containing 40 skins — — — 1 nf 1 9*

Calve skins, tanned, the pound — 41

u p Cat skins, undressed, the hundred skins — — II II — io- 10

«2 a Coney skins, the dozen — — Deer skins, vide buck skins. 31! 31-

Dog fish skins, undressed, the dozen — — 2-2 — i 10}

0: Dog skins, undressed, the piece — 2*1 2j

Skill Elk skins, the skin — — Ermin, vide armin. < 4i

Fisher Heins, undressed, the piece — Fitches, undressed, the timber, containing 40 ~ 1 51 — ' 4i

skins - 3 11? 3 7t

Fox skins, black, undressed, the skin — 2 19 7 2 14 2

Fox skins of all other forts, undressed, the skin 4s* 4i

Goat skins, tanned, the dozen — Goat !kin?j raw and undressed, free. 1 1 8

Hare skins, undressed, the 120 skins — — — IJyi 10I

Huff- skins, undressed, the skin — Kid skins, dressed, the hundred, containing 5 2t

Kid skins, in the hair, the hundred, contain- 1 69! — 12 2i-

ing 3 score — — — I -y- id- — 9i

Lambdkins, undressed, in the wool, the 120 Lamb skins, dressed in allr.m, the hundred, con- — 2 III — 2 Sf-

tabling 5 score — — — 5 U 2 —" IJ IC~ - 3-J Lamb

447 A.D. Chap.

1 791-

448 The thirty-first Year of George III.

A.D. 179'

Chap.

iTJiitj* on Imports- Duty on hr.ycr.j.

! Schedule D.= No. I. tion from Amc rica &r the Wtl Indies. - turn from Cira; Britain, 2r.,i Drawback Ca Exportation.

INWARDS. "Lamb skins, dressed in oil, the hundred, con- £ ' A £ 1. d.

taining 5 score —: — — ’ 2 3 8; 1 3 5t

Slink lamb skins, undressed, in the wool, the 120 " 1 — t 4|-

Leopard skins, undressed, the piece - 7 5^ ~ 6 9}

Lion skins, undressed, the piece Martins or martions, undressed, the'timber, con- — 2 11; — 2 8!

-taining 40 skins *— — 2 tp 7 2 14 2

Martins or martrons tails, undressed, the 120 Mink /kins, tawed, the timber, containing 40 II II — 10 10

skins - Mink skins, untawed or undressed, the timber i 3 10 i 8

containing 40 skins — — — 17 tof — '6 3

Mole skins, undressed, the dozen — 25 "

Moose Ikins, undressed, the piece — — 2 III — 2 85

Mufquafli skins, undressed, the hundred skins — 14 i°i — 13 6t

0 Otter skins, undressed, the piece — — 1 6S — > 4i

Ounce Ikins, undressed, the piece — — 3 9r — 3 4j

t? J Panther skins, undressed, the piece — S "r — S 5

ns I Pelts of goats, dressed, the dozen — — 2 ni — 2 85

Pelts of goats, undressed, the dozen — - 1 Si — 1 4r

Pelts of all other forts, undressed, the hundred — 8 11 j — 8 it

Racoon skins, undressed, the hundred skins Sables, undressed,* the timber, containing 40 14 10r — 13 <5j

Ikins^ — — — 8189 . 8 2 6

Sables tads, or tips of fable, undressed, the piece Seal skins, free. — — 7i?- 6i

Sheep skins, undressed, in the wool, the dozen to-} 9f

Sheep skins, dressed in oil, the dozen . — — 5 ii — 2 85

Sheep skins, otherwise dressed, the dozen — Squirrel skins, undressed, vide Calabar skins. — 2 Sf — 19?

Swan skins, undressed, the piece — — — 11-N 10

Tyger skins, undressed, the piece — — 2 ni - 2 81

Weazel skins, undressed, the no — 1144 101'

Wolf skins, tawed, the piece — -7- — 8 1 if — 8 if

Wolf skins, untawed or undressed, the piece — 6 10* — 6 2i

Wolverings, undressed, the (kin —. — 3 9r — 3 4*

Spirits, rum or other spirits, the gallon — And for every gallon of foreign spirits above the quality of single spirits, an additional duty for such spirits, to be paid in proportion to the duties payable for single spirits, according to the comparative degree of strength which such spirits shall bear to single spirits of like denomination. Muscovado, the hundred weight, containing — 3 7 i — 3 7-

Sugars, J n^ibs. - '3 4r - ->3 45

Yccat. / White, the hundred wt. containing 11 albs. 1 u s 1 it 3

Refined, the hundred wt. containing ialbs. 5 to; .; <5 ioj- Sugars.

I

The thirty-jirjl Year of George III.

- Duty on Importa-lDuty on Importa-

Schedule D. No. I.

INWARDS.

Sugars, not being the growth of the British plantations, or the manufacture of Great Britain, vide

frhcdule C.

Bounties on export of sugars refined in this king-! dom, vide schedule G.

Tar, vide pitch.

Tin, unwrought, free.

Tobacco, vide Schedule A.

Turpentine, the hundred weight -

fOf British or Irish fishing, imported in ships be-n longing to any of his Majesty's colonies or £ plantations, the ton, containing twenty hundred jy weight ——

£ Of British or Irish fishing, imported in shipping

belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, the ton, r containing twenty hundred "weight — f6 inches in diameter, and under 8 inches, I the mail

« ] 8 inches in diameter, and under 12 inches, -j the mail I 22 inches in diameter; and upwards, the|malt -

(_ Yards and bowsprits to pay as mails.

Brazil, or Fernambuco wood, the hundred wt. Brazilletto:or Jamaica wood, the hundred wt. Fustick, thfe hundred weight —

Logwood, ’the hundred weight

Nicaragua wood; the hundred weight Red or Guinea wood, the hundred wt. — Wood, not otherwise rated, the hundred wt.

But if for dyers use, and regularly imported, entered and landed, free.

All wood for dyers use, imported from any place whatsoever, free.

Sapan wodd, mahogany, or other wood, the product of any part of America, or the West Indies, fVee.

Woo'd plank, wrought timber, except maftsj yards, or bow fprits, unwrought timber or lumber, the growth or product of America; or the West Indies, and imported directly from thence, or from Great Britain, free.

Speckle wood, of the growth of Africa, which shall be imported from thence, for every hundred weight thereof -

i — and if imported from Great

i. Britain ——

Vol.XV. 5X

rira or the Wc indii-8. Britain,' ami Drawback on Exportation.

£ 3- A. £ d-

- s If \ - 7-J

2 I9 7 I 12 6

199f — id .3

- I 2| I I

- 3 7i "* 3 4t't

- 7 2} — 6 Si

- 6 31 ___

- 3 i°A —

IOJ -

- II II —

- 1 5*' -

- 3

- 1 9t

-'4 9A

-4 5* Wool,

449 A.D. 1791.

Chap, i.

The thirtj-first Year of George III.

Schedule D. No. I. Duty on Importation frcm America or the West Indies. Duty on Importation from Gruc Britain, and Drawback on Exports.ion.

INWARDS. £ ' d. £ s. d.

rBeaver, free.

§ -J , cut, and combed, the pound — 17 10I —

£ CCotton free.

Schedule D. No. II.

OUTWARDS.

AHum, the hundred weight, containing H2lb. —

Fur, called grey rabbit fur or coney hair, the pound —

Glue, the hundred weight, containing ii2lb. —

Hides, calf skins, kip skins, tanned or tawed, and not dressed in oil, and sheep lkins tanned for gloves or basil, the hundred weight — — — —» —

Hides, dressed in oil, the hundred weight —

Hops, the hundred weight, containing mlb. —

‘the ton ——

ordnance, the hundred weight, containing f x alb. old iron, the ton -

anvils, the hundred weight, containing ii2lb. — wrought, viz.—adzes, axes, hatchets, armour bits, knives, locks, fowling pieces, muskets, pistols, feiflars, stirrups, all carpenters and gravers tools, jack work, clock work, and all ironmongers wares, perfectly manufactured, the hundred weight, containing 112lb. —

nails of all forts, the hundred weight, containing mlb.

Kids hair, for every 20s. value thereof.on oath —

Lapis calaminaris, the ton -

Lead, call and uncaft the fodder, containing twenty hundred wt. Lead ore, the ton -

Litharge of lead, the hundred weight, containing si alb. Logwood free.

Parchment, the dozen -

f Calf lkins, dressed in oil, the hundred weight —-

Slack coney skins, with or without iilver hair, for every fix

score skins ——

Goat skins, tawed, the hundred, containing flx score lkins

Goat skins, tanned with r e r e n -

\ for every fix score lkins fumack, to resemble e

’ . 1 for every pound weight

Spanish leather, ( 1 6

the hundred, containing fix score —-

tawed, and not tanned or dressed in oil, the hundred weight -

tanned for gloves or basil, the hundred weight

dressed in oil, the hundred weight —

I r & 1 3

5 -o <= 1 X

"1 Ui 1 c 1

Duty.

6 r|

1 3* 1 6 6 8 1 —

- 6 8 — 6

- 6 — 3

i\

- I 7 \

I 8 1 ——i

- 2 10}

I I 8

- 10 —

- 4r

- 1 8 i

- 4

- 5

- 10 It

Skins,

The thirty-Jhjl Year of George III. Schedule D. No. II.

OUTWARDS, f £ -tawed, and not tanned or dressed in oil, the hundred J \ weight — — 1 —

p. Manned for roans, and not dressed in oil, the hundred J ( weight — — "

w dressed in oil, the hundred weight —

Pelts, the hundred containing five score —

All pieces or parts ofikins, tawed or tanned, and not dressed in -oil, for every 20s. value thereof on oath —

All pieces or parts of Ikins, dressed in oil, for every 20s. value thereof on oath -

-And besides, the hundred weight -

S, f Hard, the hundred weight, containing izlb. —

eg \ the barrel -

f new the dozen -

Wool cards,|olathedozen

Woollen cloth, white, called broad cloth, the piece —

And also the several goods and merchandizes enumerated in schedule E. (and not in this schedule D. No. li.)are to pay duty re-spe£Vively as therein mentioned.

Schedule D. No. III.

OUTWARDS.

For every gallon of Angle rum or spirits of the produce of the British colonies or plantations -

For every gallon of Tingle brandy, or geneva, or foreign ram For every gallon of cordial water, strong water, or other spirits,

For every gallon of rum or spirits, of the Britishi colonies or plantations, above proof, so much in addition to the duties paid on import as will amount in the whole to -

For every gallon of brandy, geneva or foreign rum above proof, so much in addition to the duties paid on import as will amount in the whole to — — —*

For every gallon of cordial water, strong water, or other spirits above proof, so much in addition to the duties paid on import as will amount in the whole to -

Schedule D. No. IV.

451

A.D.

Duty. 1791. Chap. 1,

- S

- 7 9l

- 11 2j

- 3 71

- 6 6

- 6

- 3» — 5 ni

Durr. £. s. rf. ----- IOi-o

sir

"* 8rr

- 7 2t

- 8 ioj> "9 —r

OUTWARDS.

Cotton wool, of the growth or produce of America or the West Indies exported from this kingdom in any other than Britishi or Irish shipping, navigated according to law, for every tool, value thereof ——

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

5 x 2

S 19 2

Beaver

The thirty-first Year of George III. Schedule D. No. IV.

OUTWARDS.

Beaver wool or wombs imported from the British colonies or plantations in America exported from this kingdom, for every five score pounds weight thereof -

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Schedule D. No. V.

DRAWBACKS.

The whole duties paid on importation of callicoes and muffins to be drawn back on due export of any British settle-ipent on the coast of Africa, within three years after import thereof

But if exported without being printed, painted, statned, or dyed in Great Britain, there shall be paid over and above the import duties for every tool, value thereof According to the grots price at which such goods shall hare been publickly sold at the Bast India company's sales, and so in proportion for any. greater or less value.

If exported to any British plantation in America or the West Indies, without being printed as aforesaid, Co much of the import duties shall be retained upon every tool, value thereof as shall amount to -

According to the gross price ascertained as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less value.

But if painted as aforesaid, and exported to the British plantations in America or the West indies as aforesaid, so much of the import duties shall be retained upon every tool* value thereof as shall amount to — ' —

According to the gross price ascertained as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less value.

"The whole duty paid on importation of teas shall be drawn back on due exportation to any British colony or plantation in America or the West Indies, within three years after importation thereof.

If exported to any British settlement on the coast of Africa, so much of the import duties shall be retained upon every tool, value thereof as shall amount to ' -

§ { According to the gross price at which such teas shall have ^|been publickly sold at the East India company’s sales, and r so in proportion for any greater or less value,

I If the duties paid on the import of such teas do not amount

I. to 13l. 109. iod. for every such tool, value, the exporter shall pay a duty, which with the duties paid on import I shall amount to the said sum of 13l. 10s. iod. for every L such tool, value

Dot*, j. d.

0 <5}

x. d,

t 3 4

t 19 7 an

: to io

Drawbacks

The thirty-first Year of George III.

453

A.D.

Drawbacks on every Ton of Wine exported to the q^1'r British Colonies or Plantations in America or the '—«—' West Indies.

laving been imported in Britishi or Irifll Slipping. Having been imported In Foreign Shipping.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

OUTWARDS. £ s.'d. t* £ > d. tit £ V? f. s. iL ru

French wine - Rhenish, Germany, or Hun- 31 4 6 4 28 id 2 12 27 18 — 4 *5 7 3 4

gary wine - Portugal or Madeira wine, Spanish and Canary wine, and all other wines of the dominions ol 2J 12 — i4f 23 39jA 22 r2 6 I4f 20 I I paV

Spain '94 I fif 3 5 179— — ij 1696}

All other wines 27 7 to I-jV ^ -—JJ if 1 t ITI 2393 «9>

sY

Drawbacks

The shirty-firs Year of George III.

-'454

A.D.

Chap1! drawbacks on every Ton of Wine exported to the '—v'-o British Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Saving been imported in British or Irish Shipping. Having been imported in Foreign Shipping.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

OUTWARDS. £ > d. £ s. d. £. s. d. Tq £. s. d.

French wine - Rhenish, Germany or Hun- ifi 13 7 i4 1.4 J 4 2 13 7 1 14 10 16 4.14

gary wine - PortugalandMa-deira wine, Spanish and Canary wine, and all other wine of the dominions of li 1 2 of 8 i* 10 ijii 1 1 Hr S 10 19jV

Spain - - 10 — a 6} 896 6j 8 5 1- 6 2 to 6-

All* other wia«t ‘7 *3 " >* 15 4 6 id 8 3 r.y >3 >S 4 «9rr

Schedule

The thirty-first Year of George III.

Schedule E.

4 55

A.D. 1791.

Chap. I.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, being of the Growth, Prodmfl or Manufacture of this Kingdom.

Doty.

OUTWARDS.

Allies of Irish wood, the lad, containing twelve barrels — of all other forts, for every 20s. value on oath

£ ’ , L - 1 s

Bacon, the flitch -

- , not in flitches, for every 20s. value on oath —

uT C the barrel -

V -I

c the carcase -

Bones, vocat. ox bones, the thousand —

- , not manufactured, for every 20s. value on oath

Butter, good or bad, the hundred weight, containing 11 lib.

1

I

1

4

6

Calves valves, for every 20s. value on oath —

Calve flrins, the dozen, uodrefled or dressed, not exceeding thirty-six pounds weight -

- 11 1 , exceeding thirty-six pounds weight, for every

20s. value on oath —.

Cheese, the hundred weight, containing ii2lb. —

Coney hair or wool, black or white, the pound —

- It

- 6

- 7i

Fur called rabbits fur, grey, the pound - 2£

Furriers waste, for every 20s. value on oath — — 1 —

Geldings or nags, the piece, vide horses.

Graves, or grease, the hundred weight —

Guts, vocat. ox guts, the barrel -

—, of other animals, for the value of every 20s. on oath

- ii 1 —

Hams, for every 20s. value on oath -

Hearts and fleirts, for every 20s. value on oath —

'Harts hair, the hundred weight, containing ii2lb.

Horse hair, the hundred weight, containing mlb.

Human hair, for every 20s. value on oath —

Kids hair, the hundred weight, containing mlb.

Ox or cow hair, the hundred weight, containing 1 i2lb. Harrihorn, the hundred weight, containing mlb. — Hemp feed, the quarter, containing eight bushcls —

{raw and untanned, the hide, into Great Britain raw and untanned, to any place except Great Britain, the hide -

? Y 2

1

1

I

6

71

- 7i

2 —

1 6

2

3l

Hogs,

45 6

The thirty-first Year of George III.

Schedule E.

OUTWARDS.

Hogs, alive, the piece

——, lard, the hundred weight -

'of bucks, the hundred -

Goats horns, the hundred weight, containing ii2lb.

Ox horns, the thousand -

of rams, the thousand -

of sheep, the thousand —.

Stags horns, the hundred -

j Tips of horns, the thousand -

LHorn fliavings, for the value of every 20s. on oath.

/-Stone horses, geldings or nags, into England or Scotland, or any English plantation the piece - into foreign parts

Horses, vocat.

I the piece -

Horses hoofs, for the value of every 20s. on oath —-

( cloth, flaxen or hempen, free.

Linen, ragS( or shreds, the ton -

Linseed, or flaxfeed the quarter, containing eight bushels

Manures, vide soap boilers waste.

Oxen, cows or steers, the head -

Oysters, the small barrel, in pickle -

Pigs heads, for every 20s. value on oath -

Pork, the barrel -

Provisions of all forts, not herein enumerated or described, for every 203. value on oath —

Rape cakes, the thousand -

- , and further as manure, for every ton thereof

Rape feed, the quarter, containing eight bushels —

Sheep, the score, alive, into England -

('Badger skins, the piece -

Cat Ikins, the hundred -

Calf skins, vide calve skins.

Deer skins, the piece -

Dog skins. the dozen -

o Fox skins, the piece -

Goat skins, the hundred, containing fix score -

5 Hare skins, the piece -

co Kid skins, drafted or undressed, the hundred, containing fix score -

Kips and runners, for every 20s. value on oath Lamb Ikins, dressed or undressed, the hundred, containing fix score

The thirty-jirjl Year of George III. Schedule E.

outwards.

N:te, Lamb skins, and iu:'l of lamb skins, may /v sparatdy exported to Great Britain, and m lamb Jkint, whether Jliv.h cr jlaugktered, from which the wool Jh&ll net have been taken eft\ shall be exported front this kingdom, to arty place whatsoever, under penalty of the forfeiture thereof

Martcon ikins, the piece -

( raw, the piece — —>

of otter, s tawed, the piece «— —

v wombs, the mantle -

j? ("Black, with silver hair or without, the hundred, con-

Is

1<

taming one hundred and twenty

'j fcafoned, the hundred, containing fix fcorc Grey, J-stag, the hundred, containing fix feore

'tawed, the hundred, containing fix feore £ ' d| ] Tawed, or dyed into colours, the hundred, containing (_ one hundred and twenty -

Sheep skins, tawed with the wool on, die hundred, containing 03 fix feore * ——

Pelts, drest or undreft, without the wool, the hundred, containing fix feore -

Sheep skins with the wool, the hundred, containing fix feore Squirrel skins, the thousand -

'Stag skins, the piece — *—

Swan skins, the piece -

Wolf skins, the piece —

tawed, the piece

I2ibs.

Slugs of horns, for every 20s. value on oath Soap boiler’s wade and all other manures, the ton

Tallow, the hundred weight, containing H2lbs. Tanners waste, for every 20s. value on oath Tongues, called neats tongues, the dozen Tripes, for every 20s. value on oath —

Tin unwrought, the hundred weight, containing

x } hard, the pound —

p; y the hundred weight containing 112lbs.

Weld, the hundred weight, containing M2lbs.

{the ton -

nets, the hundred containing five feore

f for every pack of (latutable linen yarn, containing Tarn, < four hundred pound weight, at fix feore to the hundred -

Duty*

/*. /. d.

- 6

l 4

- 6 — a

- 16

- 2 6 C

- l.r

- 3i

- r <J

3 i

- 7 4

- 3

- 0

Vtii. XV.

Schedule

The thirtieth Year of George III. Schedule F.

45S

A.D. 1791.

Chap. 1.

A Schedule of Inland Duties of Excise for and upon the several Articles therein mentioned.

INLAND DUTIES.

'BEER.

£ A

- For and upon every thirty-two gallons of beer or ale brewed within this kingdom by any common brewer, or in his vessels, or by any other person who doth or shall fell or tap out any beer or ale publickly or privately, to be paid by the common brewer, or by such other person or persons respectively as shall brew, fell, or tap out the same.

If above the price of six shillings the barrel, ~ - 026

If the price of six shillings the barrel or under - - o' o 10

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

CARDS and DICE.

For and upon every pack of printed, painted, or playing cards, made, manufactured* or vended in this kingdom - - -010

For and upon every pair of dice, made, manufactured or vended in this kingdom - o 50

COFFEE.

For and upon every pound weight of coffee which shall be consumed in this kingdom, to be paid by the person or persons buying the fame from the importer thereof - - - & o 6

LICENSES.

For and upon every license to any person to manufacture tobacco in any manner, or to deal in manufactured tobaccd, except as a wholesale importer only - 120©

For and upon every license to any person to deal in unmanufactured tobacco as a wholesale merchant, not being the importer thereof ' 1 o c

For and upon every ltcenfe to any person to fell by retail, or otherwise deal in coffee, in any city or town corporate, except importers thereof, or persons licensed to fell tea or groceries - - too

For and upon every license to any person to fell by retail, or otherwise deal in coffee, in any part not being a city or town corporate, except as aforesaid - 010*

MALT.

For and upon every barrel of malt, ground or unground, which shall be made in this kingdom, of barley, or of any other corn or grain, whether the same shall be or not be for sale, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity - -026

PLATE,

The thirtieth Year of George III. Schedule F.

459

A.D. 1791.

Chap. 1.

INLAND DUTIES.

£ ' i.

PLATE, wrought.

Tor and upon every ounce troy weight of gold or silver plate, which shall be wrought, made or manufactured in this kingdom - 006

And so in proportion for any greater or less weight

SPIRITS,

For and upon every gallon of aqua vita, strong waters, or spiritfi made or distilled within thiu kingdom for sale, to be paid by the first maker

or (intiller thereof - - - 012

For and upon every gallon of spirits, made or distilled from molasses within this kingdom for sale, to be paid by the fail maker or distiller thereof - 017

TOBACCO.

Fot and upon every pound weight of tobacco which shall be manufactured in this kingdom in any manner, to be paid by the person manufacturing the fame, or taking any part thereof out of the original package, and to be paid for every pound weight contained in such package at the time when the same shall be opened - 006

t

5 Z

2

Schedule

T/js thirtyfujl Year oJ-Qcorgc I'll.

Schedule G.

A Schedule of Bounties and allowances for encouraging certain Manufactures of this Kingdom, to be paid on due Exportation thereof, according to the ‘Conditions and Regulations therein mentioned.

46.0

A.D. 1791.

Chap.

Schedule G.

IjOUN'

o

£ a .5 *H

' S T? S. 0 g

- 3 r?

s 15 , t. , 2 o C l_. - i- R

5 i

t «*» w O -j T 8*S-5\ <0 *5 £ o 0 rt 1— *r? o-3 O E -O

s g a '

6 ~ 2

- US 6

5

-3 "

G zi

U T "W A R D S.

For every yard under the value of $d. which shall be exported from this kingdom to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar or Minorca

For every yard of the value of jd. and under the value of 6U\. which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid - For every yard of the value of 6fd. and not exceeding is. y*d. in value v/such shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid - For every yard of chequed or striped linen of the value of 71l. and not exceeding ( is. 7;d. in value which shall be exported L to any of the places aforesaid All manufactures of diaper, huckabacks, flicetings or linens, upwards of one yard in breadth, and not exceeding is. 7ld. the square yard, which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid for every square yard thereof And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Note—kentings and all fabricks made of linen or hempen yarn only to be deemed and considered as linen.

"Where any of the aforesaid linens shall not be of the breadth of twenty-five inches they shall be entitle*! to and receive the bounty after the rates nfoiesaid, deeming every nine hundred square inches equal to one yard of twenty-five inches breadth or upwards.

The value of all such linens, caliicoes and cottons, if printed, painted, stained, stamped or dyed, or of such cottons mixed with linen, whereupon they are to be respectively entitled to the bounties aforesaid; to be deemed their value when in a plain* Ante, and exclusive of such painting, staining, stamping or dying.

All manufactures of sail cloth or canvas fit for or made into fails, which shall be exported to any place, except Great Britain, France or the French dominions in Europe, for every three ells thereof -

And so in proportion for any greater or kfs quantity.

£ '!

5 O 6h

Ribbons

The thirtyYear of George III.

461

Schedule G.

OUTWARDS, f Ribbons and stuffs made of silk only, for every pound weight avoirdupois Silks and ribbons made of silk mixed with gold or silver, for every pound weight avoirdupois Silk {lockings, gloves, fringes and laces, and stitching or sewing silk, for every pound weight avoirdupois Stuffs made of silk and grogram yarn, mixed, for every pound weight avoirdupois Stuffs made of silk and worsted, mixed, for every pound weight avoirdupois Stuffs made of silk mixed with inkle or cotton, the L pound weight -

E

;<; 1

<S

ffor every hundred weight of sugar containing m futtle I pounds, refined in this kingdom, and exported to any j place -

Such fugaTS to be exported in the loaf complete and whole, being net, that is to say, of one uniform whiteness throughout, and which shall have gone through the operation of two or more clays fmee it was last in the pan, and thoroughly and properly dried in the stove.

i For every hundred weight, containing 112 futtle pounds" of refined sugar called bastard, and of all ground, powdered refined sugar, and all refined loaf sugar broken in pieces, -

The said sugar having been twice clayed and properly dried.

For every hundred weight of refined sugar called candy, containing 112 futtle pounds, properly refined and manufactured, and freed from dirt and feum Refined sugars called lumps, being in loaves, having gone through the operation of three clays, and properly dried although wanting the small ends or dps, shall be deemed complete.

A.D.

Dott. 17 ()I. ----- Chap. 1.

£ s- t.

030

040

0 I 3 0-0$ 0 0 6 OIO

1 8 a

- 7.

6 A

CHAP.

The thirtj-first Year of George III.

CHAP. II.

An Act for fairing the Payment of the Annuities, and of the Interefi upon the Principal Sums therein provided for, and towards the Difharge of such Principal Sums in such Manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the Officers of His Majestys Treasury to receive certain Sums for a limited Time in Manner therein mentioned, and for other Purposes.

WHEREAS by an act of Parliament made and passed in the thirteenth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An a cl fir granting to his Majesty the five-ral aids, duties} rutesy imp flions and taxes, therein particularly expressidy to be applied to the payment of the ihterejl of the sums therein provided firy and towards the dtfiharge of such principal sums in finch manner as thinin is direcledy and fir such other purpofis as are therein mentioned, several aids and additional duties were granted to his Majesty, his heirs and fucciflors, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one incKifive, to pay an interest for the several sums in the said receited act particularly mentioned, or so much thereof as should remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to the person orpersonswho lent the fame, his, her, or their executors, aiiministrators, or assigns, at the resp active rates therein particularly mentioned, to commence from the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until such times as they should be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment, and also to pay the several annuities and charges therein mentioned.

II. And whereas in pursuance of an act passed in the twenty-ninth/year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for the promotion and encouragement of inland navigation, several sums have been raised, for which sums debentures bearing an filtered nt the rate of four founds per centum per annum, have been fifued, that is to say, two thousand four {hundred pounds, for whkh debentures bearing such interefi ns aforesaid, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and fourteen thousand three hundred pounds, bearing such interefi as aforesaid, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, making in the whole sixteen thousand seven hundred pounds, have been issued, and which are still outstanding and unpaid: and whereas in and by the said first recited act, it is recited, that the treasury bills which had theretofore itfued for the sum of fifty thousand pounds, part of the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, raised in pursuance of an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty the firveral aids, duties, rates, //«-positions, and taxes therein particularly expressidy to be applied to the payment of the interest of the sums therein provided for, and towards discharge of the said principal sums, in such manner as therein is directed, ami for such purposes as are therein mentioned, were, if not paid otTon or before the twenty-fourth dav of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to be received, taken, and be current to any receiver or collector in this kingdom, of the customs, excise, or any revenue,

aid

Expired.

t

The shirty-first Year of George III. 463

aid or tax in this kingdom, for or in satisfacUon of any custom, excise, revenue, A.D.

aid or tax thereafter to become due, or parable to his Wajefiy, his heirs or succes- 1791.

fors, and to be taken, pass, and be current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, from every such receiver or collector, for and in respect of the customs, excise, or \*~y~*- any revenue, aid, or tax by him collected and received on or after the said day: and whereas by virtue of certain other powers in the fold recited act contained, a sum of fifty thousand pounds was raised, and paid into his Majesty's treasury, for replacing the aforesaid sum of fifty thousand pound?, to due by the aforesaid treasury bills, which were paid ofiand difdiarged on the twenrv-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and new treasury bills to the amount of fifty thousand pounds, bearing an interestat the rate of two pence halfpenny by the day, for each one hundred pounds, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, have been issued to the persons who paid in the said sum, which treasury bills are still outstanding and unpaid, and are to pass current to any receiver or collector in this kingdom, on or after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven: and whereas the aids and duties granted to his Majesty in and by the said recited act of the thirtieth year of his Majesty's reign, have not proved sufficient to pay and discharge the several principal sums therein and herein before mentioned, and the interest of the fame respective-]y, and the several annuities therein a!so mentioned: and whereas by a resolution of the house of commons, bearing date die fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, it was resolved, that whatever sum or sums of money should be advanced and paid into the treasury, by any person or persons, not exceeding in the whole the fuin of two hundred thousand pounds, to be applied by Ins excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, towards the extraordinary expence of government, which may become jiecc/Tiry inputting and maintaining this kingdom in a state of defence, am! towards railing men for his Majesty's fleet, should be made good out of such aids as should be granted the then next session of parliament, together with such interest, not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum, as the fame should be agreed upon, under the direction of his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being: and whereas in pursuance of the said resolution, thefumoffifty thousand pounds, part of the said sum of two hundred thousand pounds, has been advanced and paid into his Majesty's treasury, at the instance and under the direction of his excellency the lord lieutenant of this kingdom, by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, on the terms of receiving an interest for the fame, at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, from the seventh day of August, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and to be paid lulf-yearly, until provision shall be made for the re-payment of the said principal sum: and whereas it is neceflhry to provide for the payment of the several principal sums at any time or times heretofore borrowed upon, or secured by debentures or treasury bills which shall remain unpaid on die twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, together with the interest thereofj and also to provide for the payment of the several life annuities heretofore granted upon the respective sums of two hundred and fixiy-five thousand pounds, one hundred and feveuty-five thousand pounds, and three hundred thousand pounds and also to provide for the payment of one annuity, or yearly sum of twenty-four thousand pounds, being a sum equal to the amount of the whole interest payable upon debentures, subsertbed and cancelled, pursuant to an passed in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, an act for establishing a bank,

/y the name of the governor and company of the lank of Inland; and also to provide for the payment of the annuities granted in pursuance of the said aO, passed in the (i A 2 twenty-

464

The thirty-jirjl Year of George III.

A.D. 1791.

Clnp. 2.

twenty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, for effectuating the Taifing of the sum of two hundred thousand pounds in the said act mentioned, and also to provide for the payment of the said sum of sixteen thousand seven hundred pounds, raised upon debentures, in pursuance of the said act, passed in the twenty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, and interest upon the fame, at the rate of four pounds ptr centum per annum, and also to provide for the payment of the said sum of fifty thousand pounds, so advanced in pursuance of the said resolution of the house of commons: be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritunl and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled,nnd by the authority of the same, That for the said principal sum of sixteen thousand seven hundred pounds, so borrowed upon, or secured by debentures, bearing an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and for the several principal sums heretofore borrowed upon, or secured by debentures, bearing an interest af the rate of three pounds ten shillings ptr centum per annum, which shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there Hull be paid at tlte receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by the hands of the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, paymaster, or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of every six calendar months, to he computed from the twenty-fifth day of Match, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to the person or persons who has, or have paid, or lent or become entitled to the fame respectively, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum respectively, according to the tenor of such debentures respectively, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until such time as they shall be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment \ and for the said sum of fifty thousand pounds, advanced in pursuance of the said resolution, there Hull be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, by half-yearly payments, an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, without any fee or charge, ami free from all deductions whatsoever, until the said principal sum shall be repaid.

Ifl. And be it further enacted, That the said several life annuities, heretofore granted to the several subscribers, who advanced and paid the said three several sums of two hundred and sixty-five thousand pounds, one hundred and seventy-five thousand pounds, and three hundred thousand pounds into his Majesty's treasury, shall and may be regularly paid to the persons thereunto respectively entitled, as the fame Aral! become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the several acts heretofore made concerning the same respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid annuity or yearly sum of twenty-four thousand pounds, shall and may be regularly paid to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act, entitled, An act for eflabltshing a bank bp the name of the govet nor and company of the bank if Ireland,

V. And be it further enacted, That the several annuities granted in pursuance of the said act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, be regularly paid to the persons thereunto respectively entitled, as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

VI. And be it further enacted, T’.at for the principal sums at any time heretofore borrowed upon or secured by tr< cilis, now outstanding and unpaid, and which are not vet current to any receiver or collector of any revenue, aid, or tax ill this kingdom, bearing an interest at tin* rate of two penc: halfpenny by the day :or each one hundred pounds, and which, shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth dive M»reh, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall be paid at the

receipt

The thirty-frj} Year of George III. 465

receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by the hands of the vice-treasurer or vice. A.D.

treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, from the twenty-fifth day of March) j jg j.

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to the person or persons having paid Chap. 2, the fame respectively, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, an interest after the r uc of two pence halfpenny by the day for every one hundred pounds, according to the tenor of such treasury bills respectively, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until they shall be respectively1 paid their principal money at one entire payment.

VII. And whereas the treasury bills which have been issued for the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, r.iifed pursuant to a power in an act passed in the ewenty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting to his 2»la-jesty the several aids, duties, r at ts, impfi/ions, and taxes, therein particularly expressed, to he applied to the payment of the interest of the sums therein provided for, and towards the discharge of the said principal sums, it: such manner as therein is dirtied, and for such other purposes as are therein mentioned, are, if not paid off, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to be received, taken, and be current to any receiver or collector in this kingdom, of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid or tax in this kingdom, for or in satisfaction of any custom, excise, revenue, aid or tax then due, or hereafter to become due, or'payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and to be taken, pafi, and be current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, from every such receiver or collector, for or in respect of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid or tax by him collected or received, on or after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one: and whereas in order to provide for the payment of the said several last mentioned treasury bills heretofore issued, or to replace such sums as shall be paid or allowed out of his Majesty's revenue in discharge of the fame, it will be necessary to make some further provision, touching the fame: be it therefore enacted, That as to all such treasury bills so issued for the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, which are so made current, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-ohe, it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, at any time or times, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to call in, pay off, and discharge the fame, or such part thereof as shall remain unpaid or unfatisHed, on the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

VIII. And whereas in order to replace the' said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, it may be expedient to raise the fame by the ways herein after mentioned^ that is to say, on loan by debentures, to carry an interest not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, or by treasury bills, to carry ail interest not exceeding the rate of two pence halfpenny by the day, for each one hundred pounds, which shall be raised thereon, or partly by such debentures, and partly by such treasury bills as aforesaid \ be it therefore enacted, That for so mucl^of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, as shall be actually paid by any person or persons into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, at the instance of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, upon loan by debentures, there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by the hands of the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, paymaster or pay-njafters general, his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of six calendar months, to the person or persons so paying or lending the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, such interest not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and to commence from the twenty.fourth day of June, one

The thirty-jirjl Year of George III.

thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, or from such time subsequent theretOj as shall be agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until such time as they shall be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment.

IX. And be it further enacted, That a debenture or receipt for every sum so to be subscribed and paid, bearing such interest as aforesaid, shall be given by the proper officer of his JM.tjetty’s treasury, for all and every such sum and sums of money as shall be so raised on loan by debenture, and paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, in the like manner as hath been usually done in cases where principal Aims have been heretofore borrowed on loan by debenture, and the Said debentures or receipts lb to be given, shall be numbered in arithmetical progression, where the common excess or difference is to be one, until the whole shall be numbered.

X. And be it further enacted, That for so much of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, as shall be actually paid into his Majesty's treasury, at the instance of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, on loan by treasury bills, there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by the hands of the vice-treasurers, cr pay-matter general, his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of every six calendar mouths, to the person or persons so paying or lending the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, such filtered not exceeding the rate of two pence halfpenny by the day for each one hundred pounds; and to commence from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, or from such time subsequent thereto, as shall be agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors for the time being, without any fee or charge, and free from any deductions whatsoever, until such time as they shall respectively be paid their principal money in one entire payment.

XI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, as shall be actually paid into his Majesty's treasury on Joan by treasury hills as aforesaid, bills entitling the bearer to the amount of the Aims to be respectively specified therein, and declaring such amo'unt to be payable, or pass current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, at such time and times as shall be directed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall be issued and given by the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury, such bills to bear an interest at such rate as herein last is mentioned, the said bills to be numbered in arithmetical progression, where the common excess or difference is to be one, until the whole shall be numbered, beginning with the number one.

XII. Provided always, That every such bill so to be issued for the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof as aforesaid, shall and may, on or after such time or times as shall be appointed by die lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, if not sooner paid off, be received and taken by, and be current to any receiver or collector in this kingdom, of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid or tax in this kingdom, for and in satisfaction of any custom, excise, revenue, aid or tax, then or thereafter respectively to become due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be taken, pass, and be current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, from every such receiver or collector, for or in respect of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid or tax, by him collected cr received, on or after such time or times, so to be appointed as aforesaid.

The thirty-first Year of George III. 467

XIII. And be it enacted, That as soon as any of the said treasury bills, which A.D. have heretofore issued, or which dial] or may issue, in pursuance of this act, shall 17p I. be received by any receiver or collector, for or in respect of any aid, custom, tax, Chap. 2. or revenue, pursuant to the several provisions in the said first recited act, and this present act contained, all interest shall ccafe from the day of such receipt, and shall be no longer payable thereon, and the fame when paid by such receiver or collector into his Majesty's treasury, shall be cancelled.

XIV. And whereas it may be neccfljry to establish a lottery, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to citablish a lottery confiding of forty thousand tickets, upon which prizes to the amount of two hundred thousand pounds, and no more, shall be paid; and that such lottery shall be drawn at such time after the first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and confilt of such number of tickets as aforesaid, at such price or prices to he subscribed for, and paid at such time or times, and in such proportions, and upon such scheme or schemes of prizes to be paid in ready money, and at such time or times, and with all such further or other regulations, powers, and provisions necessary to carry the fame into execution, as shall be appointed and directed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being; and that such lottery so to be established, shall be conducted and carried on with such powers and authorities, and under and subject to such regulations and directions, and with such form of books, mode of drawing, provisions as to tickets delivered or not subscribed for, rewards to managers and other officers, discount for subscriptions advanced, and such forfeiture for omissions to pay or complete subscriptions to such lottery, within such time or times as shall be appointed by his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and under and subject to such powers, to pay incident expences, necessary to be incurred in the execution of such lottery or lotteries, and such other powers, authorities, provisions, restrictions, penalties, forfeitures, payments for licenses, and remedies, as are severally mentioned in an act, made and passed in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An aQfor granting unto his Majesty, the several duties, rales, impositiotu and taxes, therein particularly exprtffed, to be applied to the payment of the interefi of the sum therein provided for, and towards the difekarge of the said principal sum:, in such man-Tier as therein is directed, and for such other purposes us are therein mentioned; and also in one other act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled,

An act for amending the laws for regulating lottery offices, touching the lotteries therein mentioned, unless where the fame hath been ntherwife provided for, by an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty, the several duties therein mentioned, and for the better regulation of httery offices, or unless the same shall be otherwise provided for, during this session of parliament, or as shall be enacted by any act or acts of parliament to be passed in this session of parliament, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame and every of them were herein particularly set forth and enacted, with respect to such lottery or lotteries to be established; and that all monies arising by the sale of such tickets, over and above the sum of five pounds for every such ticket, shall be applied for the support of his Majesty's government.

XV. And be it enacted, That no officer appointed in pursuance of any of the said recited acts, for stamping shares or chances of tickets, in manner prescribed by any of the said acts, shall stamp any (bare or chance cf a ticket* which shall not be in the form following;

N+

The thirty ~frjl Year of George III.

468

A.D.

m

I

The hearer wifi he entitled to the proportion of such henefcial chance as shall belong to the ticket numbered as ahovet according to the scheme printed on the hack hereof in the

Ireland

akove-mentiond lottery to be drawn in ' or

Great Britain.

Which ticket has keen deposited with the officer appointed for stamping and marking shares and chances of lottery tickets.

LotteryOfJice, No. Street.

And on the back of which there shall not be printed the scheme of the proportion of the benefits which shall arise on such ihare or chancet if the ticket, the number of which shall be mentioned in such share or chance, shall prove fortunate, and such officer shall not (lamp as aforesaid, a greater number of shares or chances depending upon any one ticket, than shall altogether be equal to the whole of such ticket, or to any benefit which shall belong thereto, nor any share of a ticket or chance which shall be less than one-sixteenth part of such ticket, pr which shall be entitled to less than one-sixteenth part in value of such benefit as may belong to such ticket, nor unless the original ticket which shall be so divided, be deposited with him, pursuant to the said acts, or one of them, and such share or chance shall be signed by the person licensed to issue the fame j and if any ticket, importing to be a share of a ticket, or a chance depending upon any ticket in any Iqttery, shall be made out otherwise than as aforesaid, and under and subject to the regulations aforesaid, by any person or persons, the fame is hereby declared void, and the person or persons who shall issue the fame, or shall print or publish any scheme or proposal for issuing the fame, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence; and if such person or persons be licensed, the license to him, her, or them granted, shall from the time of lus, her, or their conviction of such offence, be null and void.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all penalties, not exceeding the sum of one hundred pounds, which shall be incurred by any person or persons offending against any of the acts now in force for regulating lottery offices, may he recoverable before any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, city, town, or other distritt in which the offence shall be committed, upon proof of the offence, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on confelfiott of the offender, or on view of such justice; and that one moiety of every such penalty shall belong to the informer or informers prosecuting for the fame; and the other moiety co his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and that in case of non-payment of any such penalty, it shall be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, and the surplus of the money raised, if any, after deducting the penalty, and the expences of the distress and fide, shall be rendered to the owner; and for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be lent by such justice to the house of corre£Uon, there to be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding six months, nor less than three months, as such justice ffull think proper, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid or latUfied.

‘ The thirty-fnjl Year of George III.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the aids granted unto his Majesty, ami appropriated by an act pa fled in this session of Parliament, entitled, An nr? fir granting for one \ear the fveral duties then in mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable upon the art cles therein speeifed during the said term, and for continuing the effect of a treaty of commerce and navigation between his Jlfaje/ly and the moji Christian King, end for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Alaj/yly s collides, and for other purpfes therein mentioned; to the payment of the interest of the several sums secured by debentures and iTeafury bills, and of the several annuities and charges afort* said, shall be applied and paid by the vico-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, to the payment of the said annuity of twenty-four thousand pounds per annum, and to the payment of the annuities aforesaid, granted for the sums of two hundred and sixty-five thousand pounds,.one hundred and seventy-five thousand pounds, and three hundred thousand pounds rc-specUvely, and towards payment of the expences which shall or may be incurred, by fending or remitting from time to time, such of the said several annuities t» the city of London, as are or shall be payable there, pursuant to the several acts heretofore passed relative thereto; and towards payment of such annuities as have been granted in pursuance of the said act passed in the twenty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign* for etFeftuating the railing of the sum of two hundred thousjud pounds in the said act mentioned; and towards the discharge-of the iuterelL of lout pounds per centum per annum, borrowed upon debentures carrying such inlerell, and towards the payment of an intcrclt after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum, on the several sums borrowed upon debentures,* carrying such intcrclt, and towards the payment of the intcrclt of the several prin-cioal sums heretofore borrowed and now due upon, or secured by tr:.ifury hills., carrying an interest after the rate of two pence halfpenny by the day,r tadi one hundred pounds, and towards payment of the imereti of such deboniu-t..* and treasury bills, as may be issued in pursuance of this act, and thr.t the furphs.; of the said duties be applied in such manner as shall be directed by parlij-ir.ent.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act passed in this session of parliament, entitled, An act fr granting annuities in manner therein provided, to such persons as fall voluntarily subscribe towards the raifng a Jinn not exceeding the sum of two hundred and sixty-five thousand pounds, shall continue in force, until the twenty-fifth day of Match, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and no longer.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the several principal sums so heretofore from time to time borrowed upon or secured by debentures, carrying an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, three pounds ten (hillings/w centum per annum respectiwly, as shall remain due and unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, which will be in the year of our lord, one thousand seven hundred and mnciy-iwo, and also such further or other sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of one hundred thousand pound*, as shall be raised or borrowed pursuant to the provisions in this act. ami for which debentures carrying an interest not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum ptr annum, or treasury bills, carrying an interest not exceeding the rate of two pence halfpenny per day for each one hundred pounds shall be ill tied, as shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth d3y of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be well and truly filthified, and paid unto the several and respective persons, their executors, adminillr.itors, and assign*, to whom the same shall be then due, together with ail intcrell for the fame, at the respective rates aford'ii'*, without any deduction wh.uloever.

YorL XV 6 C v;. Anl

470 The thirtieth Year of George III.

A.D.

XX. And be it enacted, That whatever surplus or exceeding of the duties granted in the last, or any former session of Parliament, appropriated to the pay-

'Chap. 2. ment 1*1C interest: of the several principal sums, annuities, and charges herein before mentioned, shall remain on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, in the hands of the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receivers, or pnymnflers general, his or their deputy or deputies, over and above all interest, annuities and charges payable thereout, at the find time, Hull he applied in payment of the said sum of fifty thousand pounds, borrowed as aforesaid, from the governor and company of the bank of Ireland j and the interest payable thereon, and of the sums due upon debentures, bearing interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, due on the fun twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and that the remainder of such surplus shall be disposed of in such manner as shall be directed by Parliament.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the said vice-treasurer cr vice-ticafurers, his or their deputy or deputies, shall as soon as lie or they conveniently can after the passing of this act, cause an advertisement to be inserted in the Dublin Gazette* and in one or more of the publick newspapers, requiring all persons holding such debentures, bearing an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum as aforesaid, to apply for payment thereof, and of ah interest due there-

on, at his Majesty's treasury, on such day as shall be mentioned in such advertise-inent for that purpose, not less than twenty days from the publishing thereof, and’ such person shall be paid by the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, the principal sums due on such debentures, with the interest thereon, and shall upon payment thereof, deliver their respective debentures to the said vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, to be cancelled, which he or they are hereby required to cancel accordingly, and the interest payable on such debentures, shall cease from the day wltich shall be mentioned in such advertisement for the payment thereof.

XXII. And whereas it is expedient to make provision for the losses -which may have accrued to individuals for debentures or treasury bills having been loft, ‘burned or destroyed; be it enacted, That in all cases, where it shall appear by affidavit before any of the barons of the court of exchequer, who shall interrogate the deponent or deponents thereupon, to the satisfaction of such baron, that any treasury -bills or debentures have been loft, burned, or destroyed before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, or that there is good reason to believe, that the fame have been loft, burned, or destroyed, the respective officers of the treasury appointed to make forth such treasury bills or debentures, or to pay the same, upon producing a certificate of any of the said barons, of such affidavit or affidavits being made before him, which affidavit or affidavits any of the said barons shall take, and which certificate they shall grant without fee, and on security being given to his Majesty, lus heirs or successors, to the good liking of the said officers to indemnify them against all other persons for the monies specified in such bills or debentures, the said officers shall at the request of the owner or owners of such bills or debentures, and with thq content and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the time being, make forth duplicates thereof, and pay and discharge the fame, together with the interest which hath accrued on the original treasury bills or debentures, so loll, burned, or destroyed, and such interest as shall accrue, in the same manner as they would have paid and discharged the said original treasury bills and debentures, and the interest thereof.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That if at any time hereafter, any such debentures or treasury bills, which have been lost or mislaid, shall afterwards be found, and

be

The thirtieth Year of George -111.

be delivered to the officers of the treasury to he cancelled, then the fccurirv which shall have been given to indemnify such officers, in vefyccl of fuel) debentures or treasury bills, shall he void, and the same shall be given up to the person or persons who shall have entered into the same.

A.D. 79I-

CHAP. Ill

In Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, a Tax on all Salaries, Profts of Employments, Fees mid Penfwns, and certain Duties upon Carriages, and for licensng Hawkers, Pedlars, and other Persons therein mentioned.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland) Expired towards railing the neeeflavy supplies to defray the expenses of your Majesty's government, have rclolved to grunt unto your Majesty, the several taxes, rates, and duties herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the lung’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every the person and persons who shall have upon the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, or who shall have at any time between the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred ami ninety-two inclusive, any salary, profits of employments, fecs,orpcnfionsin this kingdom,'shall during the time aforesaid, pay unto your Majesty the full sum of four (hil-lingsfterling, out of every twenty shillings sterling which he, (lie, or they do, or shall receive, or be entitled unto during the said time, byreason of fuchfalaries, profits of employments, fees, and pensions, over and above the charges and expences of executing such employments, unless such person do, and shall live, and actually refute within this kingdom, for and during the space of six calendar months at lead, between the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two inclusive; and that for and upon every coach, chariot, berlin, calafii, or chaifc with four wheels, which any person shall keep in his or her possession, at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, there shall be ratted, cblieQed, and paid to your Majesty, a duty of four pounds; and for and upon all chaites with two wheels only, which any person shall so keep in his, her, or their possession, a duty of fifteen shillings; and that from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two inclusive, there shall be answered, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, by every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person, going from town to town, or from ptece to place, or to fairs or markets, and travelling either on foot, or with horse or horses, or other bead or beasts of burthen, or otherwise, in this kingdom, except as herein after mentioned)or otherwise carrying to tell, orexpofing to fate any goods, wares, or merchandizes whatever, except as herein after mentioned, and all travelling tinkers, smiths, and -callers of iron and metal, all persons hawking about tea or ccfice for fide, a duty 6 G ? of

472 The thirty-first Year of George III.

of forty shillings; and that every such pt-rfon so travelling with any herse or horses,

or beasts of burthen, during the time aforesaid, shall pay the Turn of forty shillings for every horse, or other bead of burthen, he or flic shall so travel with, or caulc to be used for the puvpose of carrying or drawing hi?, her, or their goods, wares, or merchandize, over ami above tiu^ said fird mentioned duty of forty shillings; and that every person manufacturing candles or leap for sale, and every person felling or manufacturing paper hangings for sale wiihi^ this kingdom, at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoi.bml seven hundred ami ninety-one, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two indufive, shall take out a license from the commissioners of your Majesty's revenue, or from the collector of the di drift in which he or flie shall reside, and Dial! pay for the fame a duty of twenty shillings; and every person felling tea or groceries by retail, in any city cr town corporate within this kingdom, at any time during the time aforesaid, shall take out a license in manner aforesaid, and shall pa) for the fume a duty of twenty shillings; and every person felling tea or groceri *s by retail within the time aforesaid, in any part of this kingdom, not being a city or town corporate, shall take out a license in like manner, ami shall pay for the fame a duty of ten shillings; and every person felling or making any gold or silver plate for sale, and every person who shall keep a tan-yard or tan-pit, or shall tan leather for sale within this kingdom, at any time during the time aforesaid, shall take out a license in manner aforesaid, and shall pay for the fame a duty of twenty shillings; and every factor or person, not being a distiller, or licensed as a retailer, felling home-made spirits in this kingdom, at any time during the time aforesaid, shall take out a license in manner aforesaid, and pay for the fame a duty of forty shillings j and every person who shall keep any codec house, at any time during the time aforesaid, shall take out a license in manner aforesaid, ami pay for the fame a duty of forty shillings, for each of which Iicenff3 there shall be taken by such collectors for their use, a fee after the rate of one (lulling in the pound, according to the duty payable to your Majesty on such license or licenses, and no more; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted, That the said tax or duty of four shillings sterling, payable on every twenty shillings as aforesaid, shall be (lopped and deduced out of such respective fabrics, profits, employments, fees, and pensions, during the time an«l term aforesaid, by the vice-treafuwr or vice-treasurers, paymaster or paymasters, and receiver general of your Majesty's revenue, or by such person or persons as is or are to p.iy the fame, and which tax of four shillings in the pound, to be flopped and deducted as aforesaid, by the person or persons who is or are to pay such salaries, profits of employments, fees, and pensions, shall be by him or them paid to the vicotrcnfurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, to be accounted for to your Majesty, and also that the said tax of four shillings in the pound to be flopped and deducted out of such salaries, profits of employments, fees, and pensions, of any person or persons so absent as aforesaid, shall be flopped by the respective deputy or deputies cf such person or ersons so absent as aforesaid, and paid by them to the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, to be accounted for to your Majesty, and that such deputy or deputies, shall within one calendar month after such tax shall become due, give in upon oath an account before the lord chief baron, or any of the barons of the court of Exchequer, or any two justices of the peace, of the net profit of such employment or employments, for which such deputy or deputies is, are, or shall be accountable to their principals, which account inch person or persons to whom the same shall be given upon oath as aforesaid, shall forthwith send to the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy cr deputies, and such deputy or deputies, of such person or persons lo absent ns

aforesaid.

I79r* Chap. 3

The thirly-frji fear of George III. 473

aforesaid, shall within one calendar month after such account given in before the A.D. chief baron, or any of the barons of the exchequer, or any two justices of the 1791* peace as aforesaid, pay the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, Ins or their deputy or Chap. 3. deputies, the sum due and payable to your Majesty, for and on account of the hid tax of four shillings in the pound, chargeable upon the net profits of such employment or employments, office or offices, and in case such dqputy or deputies of the person or persons so nbfent as aforesaid, shall omit or neglect to give In upon oath such account, or to pay the hid tax within the respective times herein before for that purpose appointed, such deputy or deputies neglecting or omitting the^ fame, from the time of such omission or neglect, shall be incapable of exerriC-ing cr holding such deputation, and shall also forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to your Majesty, to tie recovered by action of debt or information in your Majesty's court of exchequer.

III. And be it further enacted, That the secretaries of the commissioners of your Majesty's revenues, and the agent or agents, of the several persons who are entitled to receive, any salaries, fees, or pensions upon your Majesty's establishment, shall respectively on or before the first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, deliver in upon oath, which oath the said lord chief baron, or any of the barons of your Majesty's court of Exchequer, or any two justices of the peace, are hereby required and empowered to administer to the best of their knowledge, a list or account of such of the officers of the revenue, and of the persons who are entitled to receive any such salaries, fees, or pensions, who shall have been absent, and out of this kingdom for six calendar months, between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred any ninety-two inc!ufive; and in case such secretury or secretartes, agent or agents, shall refuse or neglect to deliver in such lifts respectively, he or they shall be disabled from holding and enjoying the office of secretary or secretaries, or from being agent or agents.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act shall not extend to charge the said tax or duty of four flullings sterling, on every twenty shillings as aforesaid, upon the salaries, pensions, fees, or profirs of employments, payable to any of the defendants of your Majesty's royal grandfather, or to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or to his or their principal secretary, or to the duke of Brunswick, prince Ferdinand, the duke and duchcfs of Athol, the representative or representatives of the late right honourable Edward lord baron Hawke, of the kingdom of* Great Britain, or to George Charles, esquire, if your Majesty shall think fit, by your sign manual, to exempt the said duke of Brunswick, prince Ferdinand, the duke and duchess of Athol, the representative or representatives of the said lord baron Hawke, and George Charles, or any of them, from payment of the fame* nor shall the fame extend to the oflicers of the army, as far as respects the pay arising from their regimental commissions, nor shall the fame extend to the half-pay officers on the efhblishment of this kingdom, or to the widows of officers.

V. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall have, or be entitled to receive any salary, profits or employments, fees or pensions in this kingdom, and who shall, during the time aforesaid, leave this kingdom, shall as often as he or she shall so leave this kingdom, give notice in writing to the principal officer resident at the port at which he or she shall embark, or to the deputy vice-trca-furer of this kingdom, of the day on which he or (lie intends to leave this kingdom as aforesaid, or shall within the space of three calendar months, after he or flic shall have left this kingdom, give like notice of the day on which he or she had left the fame5 and shall also give like notice in writing of the day of his or her return to this kingdom *, and if any such person as aforesaid, shall neglect or

474 jT^£ thirty-first Year of George III.

A, j)a omit to give such notice as aforesaid, such person shall pay the said four shillings lygi. in the pound, as if he or she had been absent from this kingdom for the space of

Chap. 3. fi-'1 months-

VI. And be it further enacted, That such notice shall be received by the respective officers aforesaid, without fee or reward, and that such officers shall respectively give^i receipt in writing to the person who shall serve such notice, if it shall be defied by such person.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every officer of any port, who shall receive such notice as aforesaid, shall immediately transmit the same to the deputy vice-treasurer of this kingdom, who shall keep and preserve the same.

VIII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend to,

or be construed to extend to charge any stage coach,#or hackney coach, or hackney chaise, or any coach, chaise, or other carriage, kept by the maker for sale, or any cabriolet, or garden chair.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall keep any hackney coach*- or hackncv chaise, or any coach or chuilc for lure, except within the city of Dublin, and the liberties thereof, at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one tlioufiml seven hundred and ninety-tuo, shall take out a license to keep the fame, from the collector of the district in which such person shall reside, for which he or Die shall pay a fee of one shilling, and no more; and if any person shall keep any such coach or chaise within the time aforesaid, with-

out having taken nut fuel) lirenfe ns aforesaid, he or she (Mil be subject to the

duties hertby granted, notwithtt.mding such coaches or chains may have been used for hire.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, every person hereby required to take out a license as aforesaid, shall have or cause to be painted on d board with letters visible and legible, at least an inch long, in white upon a black ground, or in black upon a white ground, his, her, or their name and surname, tefpeclively, at full length, licensed to keep coaches and chaises for hire, which board shall be affixed on some conspicuous place on the outside of the front of his, her, or their house respectively, not more than three feet distant from the top of the (hop door, or (Ireet door of such house; and such person or ersons respectively, shall preserve and keep up the fame, during the time he or she shall respectively continue to keep such carriage or carriages as aforesaid, or in default thereof, shall forfeit respectively the sum of ten pounds.

XI. And be it enacted, That no carriage whatsoever, whether wall four wheels, or with two wheels, shall be deemed a cabriolet, or garden chair, or be exempted from any duty as such, in case the same shall be used by any person not paying duty for one or more carriage or carriages with four wheels, or in case the same shall be used upon any publick or high Toad, at the distance of more than thice miles from (he house or demesne of the person to whom the fame (halhbclong, unless for the purpose of fending such carriage home to the proprietor thereof, when it shall have been first purchased, or for the purpose of fending the same to be repaired, or returning from being repaired, and that no carriage be deemed a cabriolet, or garden chair, within the meaning of this act, if any of the wheels thereof shall be of a diameter exceeding four feet, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That for the better collecting the said duty chargeable upon every person who shall keep any carriage with four wheels, or with two wheels, except as before excepted; every person who at any time from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and

ninery-

9

The tlnrty-first Year of George III. 475

ninety-one, shall have or keep any coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise with A.D. fdur wheels, or chaise with two wheels, except as before excepted, and in respect 1791, whereof he or she shall be chargeable with the said duties, shall, within fourteen Chap, days after the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, or within fourteen days after he or she shall have or keep any such coach, chariot, berlin, calafti, or chaise with four Wheels, or chaise with two wheels, by writing under his or her hand, certify to the collector of excise, in a district wherein he or (lie shall reside, a true account of every such coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, and chaise with lour wheels, and chaise with two wheels, which he or she shall have or keep, except as before excepted, with the name of the place and parish of his or her residence or abode, at the time of giving such certificate; and shall likewise within the time aforesaid, certify to the examina-ter of hearth-money in Dublin, the like particulars which he or file is hereby required to certify to such collector, and likewise mention in such certificate to the examinator of hearth-money, the name and distrilt of the collector, to whom he or (lie hath so certified, and the several collectors of such districts for the time being, shall respectively keep the certificate which shall be so given to them, and shall also enter or register the fame in an alphabetical book, to be by them respectively kept for that purpose, and a copy of such entry signed by such collector or his clerk, shall be delivered, if required, without fee or reward, to the person delivering such certificate, and a number shall be entered on every certificate so registered, and the exaipinator of hearth-money shall on demand, without fee or reward, give an acknowledgment under his hand to every person who shall certify any carriage or carriages to him, that such carriage or carriages hath o; have been certified, which certificate shall be evidence of such carriage or carriage-having been certified as aforesaid, and the said examinator shall once in every three months transmit lo cadi collector, a list of all persons redding in* such collectors district, who shall have certified their carriages-to him within the said three months, which lift shall be preferred by such collectors, and every person who shall have paid the duties hereby imposed, may resort to such lift, and the same shall be evidence on any information on this a«ft, that such person hath duly certified his or her carriage to the said examinator, and such collectors respectively shall under their hands, on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, give a true lift of all coaches, chariots, berlius, calaihes, and chaifcs with four wheels, and chaises with two wheels' from time to time returned to them respectively in such certificates, with the names of the peiTous and places of their abode respectively mentioned in such certificates to the persons who, for the time being, shall be appointed by the commissioners of your Majesty's revenue of customs and excise, or any three of them, to collect and receive the said duties, and that such persons ai shall be appointed by the said commissioners, or any three of them, to collect and receive the said duties on coaches, chariots, beriins, cahithes, and chaises with four wheels, and chaises with two wheels, shall have full power and authority to levy, ccl!e£l, and receive the same within the distritt wherein such certificate shall be entered, in the same manner as your Majesty's revenue, arising from fire-hearths, is now by law levied, colle&edj and received, and shall respectively sign and deliver acquittances without fee or reward for the fame, and shall keep duplicates thereof in a book to be kept for that purpose, in the same manner as acquittances are given, and kept for the duty of fire-hearths, and shall respectively return the book containing the duplicates* of such acquittances to such person and persons, at the same time, and to be dispofrd of in the same manner as books containing the duplicates of acquittances for the find duty of fire-hearths are returned,

6 D 2 and

The thirty-first Year c/" George III.

and that the duties aforesaid, shall be paid in the respective dillrifts wherein such carriages shall be entered or registered respectively, and in no other.

XIII. And be it enacted, That every coachmaker, or other person making carriages for falc in this kingdom, Avail within ten days after he or she shall feli, and deliver any coach, chariot, berlin, calaih, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, certify to the collector of excise in the district where such coachmaker Aval I refute, the kind of carriage lie or fire hath so fold, and whether with four or two wheels, and the name of the person to whom he or she has fold the fame, together with the place of residence of such person, in case he or she knows the fame , and that if any person or persons shall have or keep any coach, chariot, beriin, caiafh, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, chargeable with the said duties, or any of them, which shall not be certified by him or them in manner as aforesaid, that then and in such c«itc every such person and persons so having or keeping such coach, chariot, bcrlim calaih, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, not certified as aforesaid, or if any coachmaker or persons making carriages for falc, shall omit to give such certificate as aforesaid, every such person or persons, coachmaker, or other person making carriages for salt:, shall for every such negteft, forfeit respectively the sum of twenty pounds, which penalties respectively may be recovered by information in the excise oflice of the district of Dublin, or of the district in which such person shall dwell, at the option of the informer, or person prosecuting such information.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, shall subject any person to any penalty for not certifying his or her carriage or carriages in pursuance of this act, who hath already certified such carriage or carriages in pursuance of any former act, requiring such carriages to be registered in manner herein priferibed.

XV. Provided nevertheless, That every person, except as before excepted, having in his, her, or their keeping or possession, any coach, chariot, berlin, calaih, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, belonging to another, Avail be charged for every such coach, chariot, berlin, caiafh, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, with the duty or duties imposed by this act, in the same manner as the owner or proprietor thereof, is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the fame by this act.

XVI. And be it enacted, That if any person subject to any duty to Ids Majesty, in respect of any coach, chariot, berlin, calaih, or chaise in his or her possession, thall not within one month after notice in writing, in the name of the officer empowered to collect such duties, being given to such person, or left at the usual place of abode of such person with his wife, or with his or her child or servant, above lhe age of sixteen years, requiring him or her to pay such duty, pay the same to such officer, every such person for every speh neglect, shall forfeit twenty pounds 5 provided that at lealt seven days before the time such notice shall have been so given or left, such officer shall have demanded the said duties from the person subject to pay the same, or from his wife, or his or her child, or femnt, above the age of sixteen years, at the place of abode of the person subject to pay the same,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the person or persons who for the time being, shall be authorized and empowered to coiieft and levy the said duties on coaches, chariots, berlins, calafties, and chaises, shall pay the same to the collectors of the several dillrifts where the said duty shall be collected and raised, and that such collectors shall keep separate and distinct accounts thereof, and pay the same into your Majesty's treasury, in like manner as other monies received by them for the use of your Majesty.

The thirty—first Year of George III. 477

XVIII. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed A.D. to extend to charge any person or persons with the said duty of fifteen shillings, 1791, chargeable upon cluufes with two wheels, nor to oblige such person or persons Chap. to make any entry of any ch.tife with two wheels, who shall keep and certify

to the collector of excise and exammator of hearth-money in manner above mentioned, any coach, chariot, berlin, calnOi, or chaise, with four wheels.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the sum of five thousand pounds, shall be paid out of the lnlt produce of the said duties on carriages, to the corporation for paving the streets of Dublin, to be by them expended in paving, lighting, and ckanfing the said ftieets, without any further or other warrant to be obtained in that behalf.

XX. And be it enacted, That the several rates and duties on the said several !i-confcs to hawkers, pedlars, and others, shall be collected by the several collectors, and other officers of excise employed for that purpose\ and such officers may at the time, with the assistance of a constable in the day time, levy such sum or sums as ought to be paid by the several and respective persons subject to such licenses respectively, by distress and sale of the parties goodB, in such manner, and by such ways as the revenue arising by hearth-money is appointed to be levied, and collected in and by an act made in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An additional act, for the better ordering and collecting the revenue arising by hearth-money.

XXI. And be it enacted, That every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other person or persons as aforesaid, shall before he or she shall hawk, trade, or travel as aforesaid, deliver, or cause to be delivered to the collectot of excise of the district where he or flic shall reside or dwell, a note in writing under his or her hand, or under the hand of some person by him or her authorized in that behalf, how, or in what manner he or flic, or they intend to hawk, travel, and trade, whether on foot, or with one or more horse or horses, afs or asses, mule or mules, or other bead or beasts of burthen, and thereupon a license or licenses shall be granted by such collector unto him or her, for his or her so hawking, travelling, and trading, for which he or flic shall thereupon pay, or cause to be paid for such license, unto such collector, the duty herein before directed to be payable for the fame, which license shall be in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and no longer.

XXII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said collectors, in the several districts in this kingdom respectively, and they are hereby respectively directed, appointed and required, upon the receipt of the duty herein before mentioned, to grant one or more licensc or licenses, under their respecttive hands, to every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other person, paying such duty as aforesaid, according to the terms and directions of this act? and the said collectors are hereby required to insert in such licenses as they shall so issue or grant, the ages, places of abode, and particular description of the person to whom such license shall be granted, pursuant to this act, and to number each license, and keep particular entries of such descriptions and liccufes, for each of which licenses there shall be taken by such collectors for their own use, the sum of one shilling, and no more, unless such hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman shall travel with horse, or oilier beast of burthen, and in that case there shall be paid to such collectors for their own use, for each of such licenses for horses or other beasts of burthen, the sum of two findings, and no more, over and above the dunes aforesaid, any law or usage to the contrary noiwiihftauding; and that such collectors shall keep fepante and distinct accounts of the duties hereby granted, and pay the money arising therefrom into the receipt of your

VOL. XV. 6 E hhjesty’s

47 27>f thiriy-first Year of George III.

A. fj, M.ijeily’s exchequer, in like manner as other monies received by them, for the use 1791. of your Majesty.

-Chap. 3.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall forge or counterfeit, or

L—-v—*0 cause to be forged or counterfeited, any license for any of the purposes aforesaid* or mlike use of, or travel with such forged or counterfeited license, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, such person -shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, one moiety thereof to your Majesty, and the other moiety to him who shall prosecute or sue for the same, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, cr information, in any of your Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, in which no cfToign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed and that such person shall be subjcCl to such other pains and penalties as may be-inflicted on persons for forgery.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That all goods, wares and merchandizes, which shall be carried, fold, or exposed to falc, by any hawker, pedlar, or petty-chapman, or other trading person, in respect whereof, or of any of them, he or she shall be subject to the duty aforesaid; and for felling of which he, she, or they shall not have his, her, or their license for so trading as aforesaid ready to produce, or shall not upon demand of any-justice of peace, or any officer of your Majesty's revenue produce such license, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any such officer; and that if any such hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other person, from and after the f.iid twenty-fifth day of March, or.c thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, be found trading as aforesaid, or felling or exposing to falc, or carrying to fell any goods, wares, or merchandizes without, or contrary to, or not warranted by such license or licenses, such person flial!, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds; and that if any such person so trading^ upon demand made by any revenue officer, cr by any justice of the peace, mayor, constable, or other officer of the peace, of any county, city, town corporate, or borough, where he or she shall so trade, shall not produce, and shew immediately unto such person or persons as aforesaid, so demanding the fame, his or her licensc or licenses for so trading, that then every such person upon conviction thereof, upon oath before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county or place in which such offence shall be committed, shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings, to be levied by distress and saie of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of any such justice of the peace, the same to be paid to the informer; and for non-payment thereof, such offender shall be committed to the common gaol, or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three weeks, nor less than ten days.

XXV. And be it enacted, That if any constable shall, upon demand refuse, or upon his own view neglect to be aiding and assisting in the execution of this act, every such constable being thereof convicted by oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace for the county or place where such offence shall be committed, shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of forty shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, the same to be paid to the person who Hull prosecute for the fame; and in default of payment thereof, such offender shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three weeks, nor less than ten days.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit any person or persons, other than and except travelling tinkers, who are workers, manufacturers, or makers of any goods or wares within this kingdom, or Ids or their wife or wives, apprentice or apprentices, from carrying abroad, exposing to file, and felling any of the said goods or wares, made or manufactured by him or them, his or their wife

or

The thirty-Jhji Year of George III. 4-g

or wives, apprentice or apprentices, journeyman or journeymen, and no ether,

in any publick fairs, markets, or elsewhere; or any cooper, glazier, plumber, or j

harness-maker, from going about in order to exercise their proper trades, or from carrying with him or them necessary materials for exercising the tame, so as such person or persons Hull not at the same time carry any other thing for sale, nor to subject any person or persons who shall carry raw, manufactured, or unmanufactured wool, woollen or woTfled goods, from one part of the kingdom to another, or expose the same to sale in any fair, market, or other place in this kingdom, to any of the duties or penalties herein before mentioned, so as such person or persons shall not at the same time carry or expole to sale any other goods, wares, or merchandizes, except the last mentioned goods respectively, nor to prohibit or restrain any person or persons from felling or ezpofing to sale in any place or places whatsoever, any flax, tow, hemp, flaxen-yarn, hempen-yarn, ticken, plain, frriped, chequered, painted, or stained linens, buckrams, cauvas, cottons, or cotton and Imeu mixed, so as such wool, woolLn, or worked goods,

flax, tow, hemp, yarn, tickens, linen, buckram, canvas, cottons, or cotton and linen mixed, be of the growth or manufacture of Ireland; and that such person or persons shall not at the same time carry or expose to sale, any other goods, wares or merchandizes, except such flax, tow, hemp, yarn, tickens, linens, buckrams, canvas, cottons, or cotton and linen mixed as aforesaid.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to subject any person or persons who shall carry any pots or griddles made of call iron or metal, from one part of the kingdom to another, to expose the same to sale in any fair, market, or other place in this kingdom, to the payment of any greater duty than the sum of forty {listings in the whole, though such person or persons shall or may travel with one or more horse or horses, or other bcaft or beasts df burthen, so as such person or persons shall not at the same time carry or expose to file any other goods, wares, or merchandizes, except such pots and griddles.

XXVItl. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to give any power for licen-f:ng any hawker, pedlar, or petty-chapman, to sell or expose to sale, any wares, or merchandizes, in any city, borough, town-corporate, or market town within this realm, otherwise than he or fr.e might have done before the making of this act, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That if any question shall arise whether any goods, wares, or merchandizes, seized by virtue of tins act, are of the growth or manufacture of this kingdom, the proof that they were of such growth or manu. failure, shall lie on the owner or claimer of such goods, and not on the officer who shall seize the same.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all persons who shall convey and carry goods, wares, and merchandizes, in respect whereof they shall be chargeable with the duty aforesaid, and fell, or expose the same in shops, rooms, warehouses, or other places in cities, towns, and places where they are not ufuully resident; and all persons who carry and convey such goods, wares, and merchandizes to publick frreets and places in cities, towns-corporate, and other places in this kingdom where they respectively reside, but not adjoining to their dwelling-houses or other apartments, and fell and expose the same to sale, upon flails, frauds, iheds, booths, bulks, or other places, without license; and all persons under the denomination of Icathei-feUers or leather-cutters, who hawk about from town to town, or sell or expose to sale in cities or towns corporate, and in fairs, markets, or other places, large or small parcels of leather in bootlis, frails, (landings, or otherwise; and all persons who shall within this kingdom, except in the city 0 E 2 of

4.8o The thirty-jirjl Year of George III.

A.D. 1791. Chap. 3.

of Dublin, or within five miles thereof, hawk about old clothes, or sell or expose to sale old clothes in any flail, filed, booth, (hep, or other place, shall be deemed hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and trading persons, within the meaning of this act, and shall pay fitch duty, and take out such license as aforesaid; and all and every such person and persons as aforesaid, who shall fell, or expose to sale, or deal in as aforesaid, such goods, wares, or merchandizes as aforesaid, shall be deemed-and taken to be respcfUvely hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen within the meaning of this act, to all intents and purposes, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeifures by the fame inflicted upon hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and others trading without license, any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fifth day of March, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two inclusive, and no longer, every hawker, pedlar, and petty chapman, for every person who shall be employed to carry, whether servant or other person, in his or her company, or otherwise, any boxes, bundles, or parcels of goods, wares, or merchandizes separate or distinct, for die purposes of felling or trading with die fame, shall take out and pay for as aforesaid, a separate and distinct foot license for every such person; and also that every hawker, pedlar, and petty chapman, for every horse, afs, mule, or other beast of burthen that he or flic shall make use of, or drive in his or her company, or otherwise, shall take out and pay for u separate and distinct horse-license; and such separate and distinct person, whether servant or other person employed, or carrying such boxes, bundles, or parcels as aforesaid; and such hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, who shall not take out a horse-License for every horse or beast of burthen which he or she fitall make use of, or drive as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures by this act inflicted upon hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, and others trading without license, it being the true intent and meaning of this act, that for one foot-license no more goods, wares, or merchandizes shall by virtue of this act, be hawked about for sale as aforesaid than one hundred weight; and for one horse-License no more goods, wares, or merchandizes shall by virtue of this act, be carried about as aforesaid, than eight hundred weight, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if any license to be obtained In pursuance of this act, shall be lent to any person, or used by any person: other than the person to whom the same shall be granted, such license from thenceforth shall be void, and of no effefl; and all goods, wares, and merchandizes found in the possession of the person using the fame, shall be forfeited.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, for the better collecting the said duties oti licenses, except the duties on licenses on hawkers, pedlars, and petty-chapmen, That every such person as aforesaid, except hawkers, pedlars, and petty-chapu cn, shall take out such respective licenses before lie, she, or they shall respectively manufacture, fell, or keep for sale as aforesaid, any of the aforesaid respective articles or things, and that every person who shall during the time aforesaid, make, fell, or keep for sale as aforesaid, or expose to sale any of the said respective articles and tilings contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, without taking out such license respectively as aforesaid, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That persons in partnership, and carrying on trade or business in one house or shop only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one license; and that no one license which shall be granted by virtue of this act, shall authorize and empower any person or persons to whom

rhs

The thirty fitjl Year of George III.

the fame shall be granted, to make or manufacture, or fell or keep for sale as A. ]) aforesaid, any of the articles or things herein before mentioned, in any other house 1751.

or place than the "house or place wherein he, she, or they respectively did make or Chap. manufacture, or fell or keep the said respective articles or tilings at the time of granting such license, to be mentioned in such license.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of

March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-onc, every person hereby required to take out a license as aforesaid, shall have, or cause to be painted on a board with letters publickly visible and legible, at lead an inch long, in white upon a black ground, or in black on a white ground, his, her, or their name and fir-name respectively at full length, as also the names of the several articles which they shall be so Hccnfed to inanufa&urc or fell respeCUvcly, and that he, (lie, or they are licensed respectively to sell the same, which board shall be affixed on some conspicuous place oa the outside of the front of his, her, or their house respectively, not more than three feet distant from the top of the fiiop-door or flrect-door of such house, and such person or persons respectively, shall preserve and keep up the fame during the time lie, fhc, or they shall respectively continue to fell such articles, or any of them as aforesaid, or in default thereof, shall forfeit respectively the sum of ten pounds.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two inclusive, no person -shall fell or tap out by -retail any cyder within this kingdom, without having taken out a license from the said commissioners or collegers respectively for that purpose, for each of which licenses there shall be paid a duty of twenty shillings.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That during the time aforesaid, it shall and may I>e lawful for the chief commissioners of your Majesty's escife, or any one of them, and the collectors of your Majesty's excise in their respective districts, from time to time to issue and grant such licenses for the felling and tapping out of cyder by -retail, and that for every such license to be granted, the sum of one (lulling and one penny, and no more, shall be paid or demanded as a fee for the fame; and if any person or persons shall during the time aforesaid, fell or tap out-cyder by retail without such license as aforesaid, every such person so offending, shall for every time he or she shall so offend, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inlliCled by this act, -other than such a6 by this act are otherwise appointed, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed and appointed in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth yeaTS of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled,

Jin afi fir the settling of the (xcise and new impofl upon his Majesty, his heirs endfuc-.Cfjfony according to the book of rates therein insertidt -or by any other law or laws relating to his Majesty's revenue, as fully and effectually to all intents, conductions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed, and te-enacted by this act, -with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties who shall think him or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act of excise is provided.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the six pence per pound, and all other fees which shall or may be payable to the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver, or paymaster-general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, upon issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money which shall ot may arise out of, or shall or may be received for or r n account of the several Vol. XV. 6 F duties

482 The thirtjvfrjl Year of George III.

' A.D. duties and aids hereby gr-ntcc to your Majdlv, shall be applied by the said vice-1791. treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver, or pr.vmaficr-genera*, for the use of your y—Maje'l v, your heirs and successors, in aid and addition to the duties hereby granted, and shall be duly accounted for by him or them.

XL. And be it enacted, That from and afrer the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two inclusive, there shall be answered and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, by ail persons hawking about trees, shrubs, and plante for sale within the city of-Dublin, or five miles thereof; and by all persons felling or exposing to sale within the said city, or five miles -thereof, in any Hand, flail, flied, booth, or other place, not being a part of, or . -in -his or her dwelling, any new or old books, maps, prints, pamphlets, charts, or drawings; and also by all persons who shall sell or expose to fide within the said city) or five miles thereof, any glass bottles, not bung respective--ly the makers or importers thereof, and not felling wines, spirits, beer or ale; and also by all persons who shall fell -or expose to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, old clothes- in any flail, flied, booth, (hop, or other place, a duty of forty shillings;-and also by every person carrying on the bufinef6 of a pawnbroker within the said city, or five miles sthcreof, a duty of ten pounds; and also by every person selling spirits by retail in the city < f Dublin, or five miles thereof, a duty of ten shillings over and above all other duties heretofore payable by any other act or acts; which several last mentioned duties shall be levied by such persons, and by such ways and means, and under such rules and directions, powers and authorities, as are enacted by an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for rendering more effectual an cel p'afed in the twenty-fxtb year of the reign of his present Majesty King George the third, entitled, An act for th better execution of the law-within the city of Dublin, and certain parts adjacent tbcretOy and quieting and protesting possessons within this kingdom, for the more expeditious transportation of felons, for reviving, continuing, and amending certain fatsius therein mentioned, and jor repealing an act passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his present Mojefy, entitled, An act for iw-proving the p:Jice of the city of- Dublin, and for other purposes, as fully to all intents and purposes, as if the several provisions therein contained were re^enacted in -this act, uiili-fs the fame.shall be otherwise provided for by, Parliament.

CHAP. IV.

An Act for further continuing an Act, entitled, An Act for facilitating the Trade and Inlcrcourse between this Kingdom and the United States of America.

CffT WHEREAS an act which passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for facilitating the trade and intercourse between this kingdom and the unitedfates of America, was by subsequent acts continued to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and no longer: and whereas it is expedient that the said act should be further continued for a limited time: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this

The thirty-faji Year of George III.

this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the

f.ml a cl, and all and every the clauses therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and lhnetv-wo, and no longer.

CHAP. V.

An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco, Sugar* and Coffee Trade.

WHEREAS it may tend much to the encouragement of the tobacco trade,_if importers of tobacco shall be allowed to lodge their tobacco in warc-houses, and to have time for the payment of the duty thereon: therefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritusl and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by th<? authority of the same, That every importer of tobacco, shall and may secure a duty after the rate of six pence for every pound weight thereof, in manner following, that is to say, he or she shall give bond for the amount of such duty after the rate of six pence per pound, to be made payable at the end of fifteen months, to commence from the date of,such bond.

II. Provided always, That where tobacco shall be landed, on bill of view the importer orowner of such tobacco, shall within ten working days after the landing of such tobacco, make entry thereof, and pay the duty for the fame, or enter into bond for the payment thereof in manner herein directed, and in failure thereof every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds for every hogshead of such tobacco which shall not be entered, and for which the duty shall not have been paid or secured as aforesaid, over and above the duties payable on such tobacco.

III. And be it enacted, That upon such bond being executed, the commissioners or principal officers of the revenue at the respective ports shall cause all such tobacco to be warehoused in the usual manner, and such proprietor or proprietors of such tobacco, or his or their servants shall have free access into such ware-houses at all times within the usual hours of discharge, and the proper officer or officers, is, and are hereby required to attend without fee; and all tobacco so warehoused shall be charged and pay such duty as aforesaid, according to the net weight thereof, at the time when such tobacco shall be fold, and delivered out of such (lores.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such proprietor or proprietors of such tobacco, shall respeCUvdy pay all the charges and expences incurred in any way by unshipping, or conveying any tobacco from the several and respective /hips importing die fame, to the respective warehuufes in which the fame tobacco is to be deposited as aforesaid, or in conveying the tobacco from such respective ware-houses, to and on board the several and respective ships in which the same shall be respectively exported to foreign parts, save and except the charges of paying the revenue officers, under whose special care the said tobacco shall be so respectively conveyed either from the ship to the warehouse on importation, or from the warehouse to the ship on exportation, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the respective proprietors of tobacco so to be brought as aforesaid to the respective warehouses before mentioned, shall be 6 F; at

4 §3 A.D.

179T.

484 The thirty-first Year of George III.

A.D. 1791. Chap. 5.

at the expence of Gripping or taking the hogfiicads in which the tobacco shall be so imported as aforesaid, from the 'tobacco, before the same shall be so weighed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in-case any tobacco which shall have been entered, and the duty thereon paid or fecuted in manner aforesaid, shall be exported from this kingdom, the exporter shall upon the exportation thereof, within three years’from the importation,-on producing a proper debenture to be made out for that purpose, be paid or allowed to draw back the whole net duty actually paid at or after the importation of such quantity so exported, or in case any fuel) tobacco shall be exported within the time aforesaid, by the person or persons who shall have entered into bond, and such bond shall not have been discharged, such person or persons so exporting such tobacco, shall have the bond vacated, or allowance made by entTy on the back of such bond, for such quantity of tobacco as shall be so exported, as the case shall be, any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding j and every such person or persons so exporting, shall at the taking out of a permit for any such tobacco to be exported as aforesaid, make oath before the proper officer of the revenue to be appointed and empowered to administer oaths, that heor she is die real proprietor of such tobacco, and is really and bona fide the exporter thereof*

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the proprietor or proprietors of such tobacco, as shall be so dodged in warehouses as aforesaid, shall not within, the space of fifteen-months, by payment of the duties so bonded for, or by debentures upon-exportation of such tobacco, discharge his or their obligations, and that the tobacco or any part thereof shall continue in the warehouses for want of payment of the duties thereon; in such case, it shall and maybe lawful for the said commissioners or principal officers-of the revenue for the time being, at the respective ports, and they are hereby empowered to cause such tobacco so continuing, to be pubtickly sold by inch of candle, first giving the importer or importers thereof, fourteen days notice personally, or by leaving a notice in writing at the lad place of such importer’s abode; the product thereof, after such file first to be applied to payment of such bond, storage, and all other charges which may have been incurred, and the overplus, if any, to be rendered and paid to the proprietor or other person lawfully authorized to receive the same.

VIII. Provided always, That if any tobacco shall upon importation thereof, and before the original importer thereof shall have bonded the.dutiesof the fame, be fold or transferred by any importer thereof to any wholesale -merchant, such wholesale merchant may bond the -duties thereof, in the same manner, and subject to the like rules, regulations, and reGriftions, as the importer thereof is by this act at liberty to bond the same.

IX. Provided also, That If any tobacco shall after importation thereof, and after the original importer thereof shall have bonded the duties for the fame, be sold by such importer before the same shall have been taken out of the warehouse in which it has been lodged to any wholesale merchant, the bond which such importer executed for the duties on such tobacco on the warehousing of the fame, may be cancelled upon such wholesale merchants giving bond for the amount of the duties on such tobacco, to be made payable at the same time that the bond executed by the importer was made payable; and such wholesale-merchant so buying such tobacco, shall be subject to the like rules, regulations, and restrictions# as the importer thereof is by this act subject to.

X. Provided always, That if any tobacco shall be imported-by Grangers, or shall by any laws now of force, be subject to aliens duty, a further duty shall over and above the said duty of six pence per pound, be paid or secured thereon, after the rate of one penny for each pound weight thereof.

The thlrty-jirjl Year of George III. 485

XI. Provided also, That when any tobacco so warehoused shall be intended for A.D.

home consumption, no such tobacco shall be taken out of such itores as aforesaid, 179* until all duties payable thereupon Avail have been paid, nor until a proper Qiapt voucher from the proper officer of the revenue at the respective ports where u-—v'-'-o such tobacco shall be so warehoused, shall be deposited with the officer or officers in whose custody such tobacco shall then be, which voucher shall be directed to such officer or officers, and shall ascertain all such duties to have been paid for such tobacco.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any tobacco, put Into such warehouses, shall be destroyed by (ire, during the time it remains in the said warehouses,* the bond entered into on warehousing such tobacco, shall be discharged for so much thereof as shall appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the revenue, or any three or more of them, to have been so destroyed.

XIII. And whereas great frauds may an/e to the diminution of the revenue,

by warehousing tobacco in ports where there are not, or shall not be a sufficient

number of officers to attend the fame: be it enacted, That no importer of tobacco at any port, except the ports of Dublin, Drogheda, Dundalk, Newry, Belfast,

Galway, Limerick, Londonderry, Cork, Waterford and Wexford, shall be entitled to have the fame lodged jn a warehouse, or take any benefit by virtue of any dung in this act contained, in respect of warehousing or bonding the same.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to import any tobacco at any place or port, favc such places or ports where tobacco may be warehoused by virtue of this act, and if any ship or vessel shall be found within the limits of any other port, haven or creek within this kingdom, having tobacco on board in any packages whatsoever, or shall be discovered so to have been, save only and except in case of unavoidable necessity and distress), of which necessity and distress the master, purser, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel in such port, haven, or creek, give notice in writing, and make proof before the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, resident at the nearest port where such ship or veil'd shall arrive, such ship or vessel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and also the said tobacco shall be forfeited.

XV. And be it enacted, That no tobacco, except of the produce of Great Britain, North America, or of the British plantations, shall be imported into this kingdom, in any ship or vdlel, upon pain of forfeiting of all such tobacco, and

treble the value thereof, together with such ship or vessel in which the fame i

shall be imported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel.

XVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the importation of any such tobacco into this kingdom from any place, save from Great Britain, or from the place of the growth of such tobacco.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to import into this kingdom any tobacco manufactured, except fnuiT, and if any manufactured tobacco, except snuff, shall be imported into any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek in this kingdom, or if any ship, vessel, or boat shall be found within four leagues of the shore of this kingdom, or shall be discovered so to have been, with aay manufactured tobacco, except fnulf, on board any such ship, vessel, or boat, or if any such lliip, vessel, or boat (kali have had any such manufactured tobacco, except snuff, on board, although such tobacco fl all rot be actually found oil board such ship, vessel, or boat, upon proof made, that fuel, manufactured tobacco had been on b> ard such ship, vessel, or boat :i any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek in this kingdom, or within four leagues of the flibre of this kingdom,

486 The thirtyfujl Year of George III.

A.D. 1,cni and *n every such case respectively, every such ship, reffcl, or boat, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel shall be forfeited, as also all such manufactured tobacco as shall be found on board such ship, vessel, or boar, and the packages containing the fame, (five only, and except in case of unavoidable necessity and distress,) of which necessity and distress the mailer, putfer, or person having or taking the charge or command of such ship, vessel, or boat, shall immediately after the arrival of such (lup, vessel, or boat into any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek of this kingdom, give notice thereof in ' writing, and make proof before the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, resident at the port neareil to the place where such ship, vessel, or boat Hull arrive.

XVIJJ. And be it cnactod, That no tobacco, either manufactured,-or unmanufactured, shall be entered or flopped for exportation in any ship or vessel whatsoever, unless such ship or vessel shall be of the burthen of one hundred and fifty tons or upwards; and it shall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of the revenue, to Hop and detain any ship or vessel having tobacco on board, and the whole cargo laden on board such tliip or vessel, until he or they shall cai.fe such lliip or veil’d to be admeasured; and if it shall appear by such admeasurement, that any such ship or vessel is not of the burthen of one hundred and fifty tons, such ship or vessel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, together with such tobacco as shall be laden on board such ship or vessel fltnli be forfeited; and if it shall appear by fucJi admeasurement that any such ship or veil’d is of the burthen of one hundred and fifty tons or upwards, and under the buitlien of one hundred and eighty tons, the officer or officer? so flopping and detaining such ship or vessel as aforesaid, shall not be subject or liable to any atHon for damages occasionetl by such stoppage and detention.

XIX. And be it enacted, That where any fhlp or vessel whatsoever, under the burthen of one hundred and fifty tons, having on board one hundred pounds of tobacco, or fifty pounds weight of snuff, shall be found at anchor, or within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the ffiore thereof, or fiiail be discovered so to have been, (unless in case of unavoidable necessity and distress,) of which necessity and distress, the mailer, purser, or other person having, or taking the charge or command of such lliip or vessel, shall give notice thereof in writing to, and make proof of the fame, before the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, resident at the nearest port to the place where such ship or vessel shall arrive; every such ship or vessel, with ail her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, and also all tobacco and snuff as shall be found on board such ship or vessel shall be forfeited and coofifcated, together with the packages containing the same.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any ship or vessel shall be found with tobacco on board such ship or vessel within the limits of any, port of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coast thereof, and it shall appear that bulk shall have been broken, or that any tobacco shall have been taken or delivered out of such ship or vessel, after such ship or vessel shall have left the port or place where such ship or vessel had taken on board such tobacco, in every such case, it shall be deemed and taken that such tobacco which shall have been so taken or delivered out of such ship or vessel, was landed in this kingdom without entry or payment of the duties payable for the fame; unless it shall appear that such tobacco had been landed in some other country} and if landed in any part of his Majesty's dominions, that such tobacco had been duly entered, and that the duties payable on the fame had been paid.

179

Chan

The thirty-first Year of George III.

XXI. And to prevent the clandestine importation of tobacco, be it enacted, That if any tobacco shall be clandestinely imported, or secretiy brought into this kingdom without due entry and payment of the duties chargeable thereupon, the ship, vessel, or boat, in which the same shall be so clandestinely imported, with all the guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, thereunto belonging, and also all such tobacco shall be forfeited, and shall ami may be seized by any officer of the revenue; and in case such vessel or goods cannot he seized, the mailer or other person having charge of the vdfel in which such goods shall hare been so imported or brought, shall forfeit the value thereof.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case where any forfeitures are created in respect of, or drawbacks disallowed for any tobacco in packages under five hundred pounds weight, or in packages under four hundred and fifty pounds weight, by any law heretofore made in this kingdom, no forfeitures shall be incurred on account of any such package not^being of the weight of five hundred pounds, or four hundred and fifty pounds, or any drawback refused on exportation thereof from this kingdom on that account5 provided the same shall contain four hundred and twenty five pounds weight, any thing in any law to the contrary RotwiUiftunding.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That all bonds to be given pursuant to this act, shall he deemed and taken to be due and payable immediately upon the day mentioned in the condition of the said bond for the payment thereof, and that intereil at the rate ox six pounds pir centum per annum, which iniereft is hereby declared to be a charge on such tobacco, shall be paid to the crown on all such bonds; such intereil to be computed from the day the bond becomes due unto the day whereon it shall be paid off in money, or the day the feurcl.er certifies upon the debenture, that the tobacco was shipped for exportation; the amount of such bond to be payable as ufcicsaid, notwithstanding such tobacco shall remain unexported, and although the time limited by law for the drawback on exportation shall not be expired, and no such lecumy shall be vacated until all such intereil shall be paid thereon.

XXIV. And be it enacted, 'Flint no allowance shall be made to the importer in consideration of any damaged or mean tobacco, either at the fcaie or otherwise *, but in case any person Avail refuse lo enter such tobacco, and to pay or secure the duties aforesaid for such tobacco, then he, she, or they,' shall have liberty to refuse to enter and pay duty for the fame, or to separate such damaged tobacco, by cutting off from the hogshead or other package so much thereof as he, she, or they shall refuse to pay or secure duty for; and the principal officers of the revenue resident at the port where such damaged tobacco shall be landed, or any two or more of them, shall cause such tobacco to be burned, or otherwise destroyed, without making any allowance to such importer for freight or other charges, other than the allowances herein provided for, any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding 5 provided always, that no person shall have liberty to separate the stalk from the leaf, on pretence that the fame is damaged or mean tobacco.

XXV. And be it enacted, That no drawback shall be allowed for any tobacco (talks or stems, exported by themselves, when they have been, or shall be separated from the leaf, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the land-waiter appointed for the delivery of every ship or veffd, arriving at any port or place in this kingdom, and having tobacco on board, is hereby authorized and required upon the landing of any such tobacco, to cause such landing mark to be fixed and set upon every hogshead, calk, chest, or other package whatsoever containing the fame, as shall be directed by the commissioners of the revenue, or any three of them *, and shall also enter

6 G 2 every

488 3The thirty-first Year of George III.

A D. every such landing mark in their several books, on pain of forfeiting the sum of l*"OI fify pounds, and the proper officers of the revenue respectively shall in like man-pi an c ner upon the exportation of any tobacco from this kingdom, cause such export mark to be fixed and set upon every hogshead, calk, chest, or other package whatsoever containing tl.e fame, as shall be directed by the commissioners of the revenue, or any three of them, and shall also enter every such export mark in their several books, on pain of forfeiting fifty pounds.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That no debenture shall be granted for any tobacco imported into tills kingdom, nor any drawback be paid or allowed for the fame, when exported or entered outwards for exportation to any part or pans beyond die seas, unless the fame, and every part thereof, if it be in leaf and unmanufactured, shall be Hupped and exported from the same port or place at which such tobacco was at first imported into this kingdom, and no other; and also, unless die fame tobacco if unmanufa&u$fd, and every part diereof be shipped and exported in the original package, in which and with the fame marks thereon with which it was at first imported into this kingdom, together with the landing mark and export mark herein required to be placed and set thereupon, and no other, without any alteration whatsoever being made in the package, except such as Dull be occasioned by necessary cooperage, for the repair of such package or any other tobacco being put therein, or any part of the tobacco being removed, or taken out of the package in which it was at first imported, except only ten pounds weight of tobacco, which shall be allowed to be taken out of every hogshead, calk, clieft, or case, after the same shall have been weighed at importation; and if any person Avail enter any unmanufactured tobacco for exportation, at any other port or place, than that at which die fame was imported, or in any other hogshead, calk, chell, case, or other package, than the fame in which such unmanufactured tobacco was originally imported, or without the fame marks or numbers, and such landing and export marks, all such tobacco shall be forfeited, and no drawback thereupon shall be paid, or if any shall have been paid, the same shall be repaid, and the person who entered or caused the same to be entered, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and if any person shall Chip for exportation any hogshead, chest, calk, case, or other package of tobacco, out of which more than ten pounds weight of tobacco shall have been taken for samples, he, she, or they so offending, Hull forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for cyery such hogshead, or other package of tobacco so shipped for exportation.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no tobacco shall be imported or brought into this kingdom, in any package whatsoever, other than in hogsheads* calks, chests or wooden cases, every such hogshead, calk, chest or case, to contain four hundred and twenty five pounds net weight of tobacco at the least, under pain of forfeiting all such tobacco as shall be imported otherwise than as aforesaid, together with the hogsheads, case, cheits, cases, and other packages containing the same.

XXIX-' Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That when any unmanufactured tobacco shall be imported in hogsheads, calks, elicits, or wooden c:fes as aforesaid into this kingdom, if upon landing and examination thereof, it shall appear that the tobacco contained in any such hogsheads, elicits, wooden cases or Calks, is so much damaged, that by the cutting off the damaged part thereof for which no duty is paid, the found tobacco remaining in any such hogsheads, elicits, calks, or wooden cases, for which duty is to be paid, is under the weight of four hundred and twenty five pounds, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the importer or importers thereof, in the presence of the land*’ waiter appointed, to deliver the ship in which the fame was imported, to cause all such found tobacco to be put together in one or more of the said hogsheads,

charts,

The thirty-first Year of George III.

chcllSj calks, or wooden o.ffcs, o:r o: which the damaged tobacco was t?.-en, A.D. and die Liti iand-wait.r or other proper officer, is hereby directed and required 1791, to cuter in their respoctive bunks, the t:ue and exatt weight of all such lour.d Chap. 5* tobacco put into every such Uogff. c.w., elicit, case. or wooden case, uith the fe-vend and respective marls and numbers set on every such hogshead, chert, calk, or wooden case, and also, to fpteifv in their book:, that such hogflwads, cherts, calks or wooden cases were packed and rciTScd in their pretence; and every such hogflicad, chert, calk, or wooden case, of unmanufactured tobacco, shall and may be exported from the same ports, and no other, at which they were originally imported; ami debentures shall be made our, and the drawback be paid for the tobacco therein contained, provided the quantity of the tobacco in every such hogflicad, chert, calk or wooden case, amounts to four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight or more, in the same manner and form, and under the fume reltric-tions as if the package of such tobacco had not been altered, any thing herein contained 10 the contrary in any wise notsvuhstanding.

XXX. And be it enacted, That any persons who shall cuter any unmanufactured tobacco outwards, at any port or place in this kingdom, in order to be flapped and exported in any fl»i-> or vnlkl whatsoever, to any part- or parts beyond the seas, shall, before the fame or any part thereof is laden on board any ship or vessel to be exported, deliver to the surveyor or landwaitcr appointed to examine tobacco shipped for exportation, an account in writing, in a fair, distintt, and legible manner, signed by the person or persons exporting such tobacco, and containing the mark and number contained in the manifest, which was upon every hogflicad, calk, chert, or other package of such tobacco, at the time when the fame was firrt imported into this kingdom, and also the landing mark and number which was placed and set upon every hegfliead, calk, chert, or wooden case thereof, when the fame was first landed in this kingdom, together with the exact weight that every hogshead, calk, chert, or wooden case, with the tobacco therein contained, was at the time of its being landed in this kingdom, and also the particular mark and number set upon every such hogshead, calk, chert, or wooden case, by the exporter or exporters thereof, at the time the same shall be brought to the water-fide to be shipped for exportation, a duplicate of which account, signed in the like manner, shall be lodged with the collector of the port from which such tobacco shall be exported, which account shall be filed by every such coiieftor in his office, and a copy of it entered in a book, to be by him kept for that purpose; and the surveyor or land-waiter appointed to examine such tobacco on exportation, shall weigh the fame, and endorsc on the cocket, a true copy of such account, and the weight of such tobacco at the time of exportation, and sign the fame, and no officer shall admit any cocket, unless endorsed and signed as aforesaid; and every exporter cf tobacco shall also write off the weight of each hogshead, calk, chert, or case of unmanufactured tobacco, by him, her, or them shipped lor exportation, from any part of this kingdom, from the entry made of every hogshead, chert, calk, or case of such unmanufactured tobacco, at the time when it was firrt imported; and if any person who shall enter outwards for exportation, from any port of this kingdom, any unmanufactured tobacco, shall neglect or refuse to give in such accounts respectively as aforesaid, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds for every hogshead, calk, chert, or other package of such unmanufactured tobacco; and no drawback or debenture for, or on account of the exportation thereof, shall be made out, granted or paid.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That every person who shall import any tobacco into this kingdom, and who shall in r.y wife manufacture the fame, or any part thereof, upon his, her, or their own account or accounts, or cause or procure

49° The thiriy-first Year of George III.

A.D. ^6 fame, or any part thereof, to be manufactured for Ins, her, or their own ac-

i^QI. count or accounts, by any other person, shall, before the fame, or any part there-

Chap. Manufactured by the importer or importers, or flu*! be delivered out by the

importer or importers to 'any other person to be manufactured for the account of such importer or importers, deliver to the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, at the port where such tobacco* was imported, an account in writing, containing the mark and number, as specified in the nianifeft of every such hogffield, calk, chest, or other package of tobacco intended to be manufactured, with the name of the ship or ships-in which, and the time* when the tobacco so intended to be manufactured was imported, also the landing mark and number set on each hogffield,- calk, chest, or case, at the time of their importation into this kingdom, and also the exact weight which every hogshead, call;, chest, or case, and the tobacco therein contained were -of- at the time of their being iirft landed in this kingdom, and the exact weight the fame wtre of at the time of the delivery of such tobacco to be manufactured, 'which account shall be signed by such importer or importers, or one of his, her, or their known clerks*, and also, by the person or persons to-whom such tobacco shall be delivered to be manufactured, or by one of his, her, or their known clerks, with their several and respective names, and places of abode; and such importer and importers shall, at the time of their delivering in such accounts as aforesaid, write off from the entries made at the time or times at which the tobacco contained in-such accounts was imported, the weight of every hogshead, calk, chest, or case contained in such account of tobacco intended to be manufactured as aforesaid, in the same manner and form as if the fame tobacco had been delivered Tor exportation; and in case any importer or importers of tobacco, shall neglect to give in such account as aforesaid, at tire time, and in- such manner and form in all respeCU as is herein directed and required, or in case such account shall be false or fraudulent in any respect whatsoever, he, ffie, or they offending in any of the cases aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of thirty pounds for every hogshead, calk, chest, or case of tobacco, an account of which shall be omitted to be given as herein directed, or of which a wrong account shall be giveo *, and the person or persons to whom such tobacco shall have- been delivered to be manufactured, neglecting to iign by him, her, or themfehres, or by his, her, or their known clerk, such account as aforesaid, or signing any false or fraudulent account, shall also forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such hogffield, calk, chest, or case of tobacco, of which no account, -or of which a - false or fraudulent account shall be given.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That no wholesale importer of tobacco shall fell or deliver any tobacco to any manufacturer, or other person, but in the package wherein the fame was imported, except as is herein after excepted, nor Iefs than one hogshead or package at any time^and in such manner and form as the fame was, or shall have been discharged at the custom-house, under the penalty of twenty pounds for every such offence.

XXXIII. Provided always, That if it shall happen that such tobacco shall receive asy damage, after having been discharged by the proper officer, whereby it stall be absolutely necessary to unpack and alter the package thereof, that then, and in such case, the importer or other person, in whole custody -such tobacco so damaged shall remain, after the fame hath been discharged at the custom-house, shall, within twelve hours before he or (lie shall unpack any part of the said tobacco, give notice in writing to the surveyor, gauger, or other officer of the walk, or cause the same to be left at the usual place of residence of such officer, signifying his or her intention to unpack the said tobacco, and to separate the damaged from the found tobacco, or to cure the fame; and that thereupon such

officer

The thirty-first Year of George III. 491

vfficer do, and shall upon pain of being difmihed from Ids employment, for any D.

neglect in so doing, attend at the hour or time, and place appointed for the unpacking the said tobacco; such hour to be between the hours of ten o'clock in the forenoon, and of three o’clock in the afternoon, and that the importer or other person, in whose custody such tobacco shall then remain, or to whom the same shall belong, shall make oath that lie or (he verily believes it is necdVary for the curing of the tobacco so damaged, and for the preservation of the remainder there, of, 10 unpack the fame, (which oath the said officer is hereby empowered to ad-tr.imft.er,) and upon such persons making such oath as aforesaid, the said officer shall compare the package or packages to be unpacked, with the aforesaid certificate thereof, in such persons possession, and if the said packages agree with the said certificate, that then the said officers shall attend the unpacking them, and after the same shall be unpacked, and die damaged tobacco fevered from the found tobacco, the found part shall be in the presence of such officer, immediately weighed and repacked in close packages, not less than four hundred and twenty five pounds weight each, if the entire quantity io to be repacked, shall amount to so much, and the same shall not be again unpacked, but on die like ueceffity, or for manufacturing the fame-; and that if such damaged tobacco be intended to be cured, that then the same shall be weighed every second day until repacked in manner aforesaid, provided the entire quantity shall amount to four hundred and twenty five pounds weight, and if under that weight, the same shall be packed in one separate calk, and such importer of such tobacco, or person in whose custody the same shall remain, ffiaU, on demand of such officer as aforesaid, weigh or cause to be weighed and packed, such tobacco in manner aforesaid, and shall not unpack in any one day, more of such tobacco than can be repacked on the fame day, and that such officer shall put such mark and number on the pact-age so repacked, as he shall think fit, for dtftinguishing the fame, by which mark v and number the same shall be fold and certified for by such importer, or other person as aforesaid; and that such officer shall, on such persons certificate of his flock, indorse or enter the alteration of package, and particularly describe the fame, with the new marks and numbers put thereon, and shall enter the alterations so made in such officer’s book, in the presence of such importer, or such other person as aforesaid, or of such person who shall attend on their behalf respectively.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That every person who shall import any tobacco into this kingdom, and shall fell or deliver the fame, or any part thereof, to any person, shall within fourteen days after the delivery thereof, out of his, her, or their caflody to the purchasers thereof, or to their order, or for their use, give and deliver to the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, at the port or place where such tobacco was imported, an account in writing, containing the mark and number as specified in the mnnifeft of every hogflicad, calk, chefl, or ether package of tobacco, so fold cy delivered, with the name of the ship or ships in which such tobacco so fold and delivered was imported, and the times when, and also the landing mark and number set on every hogshead, calk, or case, at the time of their importation into this kingdom, with the exact weight which each of such hogffieads, ca(k6, chests, or cases, and the tobacco therein contained, were of at the time of their being first landed in this kingdom; and also ike exact weight thereof, at the time of their sale or delivery to the purchaser or purchasers thereof; which account shall be signed by such importer or importers, or one of his, her, or their known clerks, and also by such person or persons to whom such tobacco shall be fold or delivered, or one of his, her, or their known clerks, to which said several signatures ffiaU be added, the places of abode of such purchasers, importers, and other persons so signing such accounts;

6 H 2 and

49 2

The thirty-fnjl Year of George III.

A.' D. 1791. Chap. 5,

and such importer or importers shall at the time of their delivering in such accounts as aforesatil, write oiF from the entries made at the time or times at which the tobacco contained in such account was imeorted, ami tig unfl every particular ship in which the fame was imported, the weight of -rcch particular hogshead, calk, chtft, or case of tobacco contained in inch account, in tire same manner and form as if such tobacco had been celive.eu icr_ et.pcitc-ion > and in case any importer or importers of ttbacco shall to gh c in inch account

as aforesaid, at the time and in such manner and foim in all idpecls, and to all intents and purposes as is herein directed, or in case such account shall at the time the fame is given in, or at any lime afterwards appear to be false or fraudulent in any respect whatsoever, he, she, or they olTeiuiing in any of the cases aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of thirty pounds for every hogshead, caflt, chest, or other package of tobacco, an account of which shall be omitted to be given in such maimer as is herein directed, cr of which a false or fraudulent account shall be given, and the perfott or persons to whom or to whose order} or for whose use such tobacco shall have been fold or delivered, neglecting to sign by him, her, or themselves, or by his, her, or their known clerk, such account as aforesaid, or signing or causing to.be signed any false or fraudulent account, shall also forfeit the sum of thirty pounds for every such hogshead, calk, chest, or other package of tobacco, of which no account, or of which a false or fraudulent account is given.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such tobacco shall before landing thereof, receive any damage, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or any one of them, or the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, at the port wherein such tobacco shall be landed, to pay to the importer at the rate of one halfpenny for every pound of such tobacco, for which the importer shall refuse, to pay, or secure the full duties, and which shall be cut oiF, or separated from the found tobacco, in order to be burned or otherwise destroyed by the cilicers of the revenue, so as such allowance shall not exceed thirty shillings lor all the tobacco damaged in any one hogshead imported, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. provided always, and be it further enacted, That no drawback shall be allowed cn any tobacco exported iu any package, if unmanufactured, containing less than four hundred and twenty five pounds weight, and if manufactured, containing less than two hundred pounds weight, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That no tobacco, nor tobacco stalks, or snuff, exceeding in quantity four pounds weight, shall be conveyed or carried by land or by water from any port or place in this kingdom, to any other port or place in this kingdom, or from any place within any port in this kingdom, to any other place within the same port, in any hogshead, calk, chest, case, or other package, unless such hogshead, calk, chest, case, or other package, be marked on the outside with the respective words, tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, in letters, not less than three inches in length, upon pain of forfeiting all such tobacco* tobacco stalks, or snuff, with the package thereof.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That no tobacco manufactured or unmanufactured, or snuff, which shall have been removed from the port or place of importation, or from any other port or place in this kingdom, to any other port or place in the fame, shall be returned or sent back to such port or place from whence the fame was or were before removed or sent, upon any pretence whatsoever, without leave being first had and obtained for that purpose from the commissioners of the revenu*:, or any three or more of them, and will out a Ipeual certificate to be granted to accompany the fame, in such manner and form, and by such person

and.-

The thiriy-fiijl Year of George III. 453

ami persons as the said commissioners respectively shall think proper to appoint, f\t upon pain of forfeiture thereof, together with the horses, cattle, carriages, vessels j ygjt or boats, made use of in the removal or conveyance of the fame. Chap.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That for the better regulation of the tobacco trade, and of the nianuf.iChtre of tobacco, no person shall manufacture any tobacco into roll, pig-tail, {nuff, or otherwise, or deal in unmanufactured tobacco, except as an wholefate importer only, or an wholesale merchant only, without first taking out a license for the fame, signed by one of the commissioners of the revenue; and that no person dealing in tobacco as a wholesale merchant, not being the importer of such tobacco, shall so deal therein without first taking out a license in manner aforesaid, for each of which licenses shall be paid a fee of two /hillings, and no moie; and if any person shall manufacture any tobacco, or deal in the same as aforesaid, without having taken out such license respectively av aforesaid, he or flic shall forfeit the sum of three hundred pounds.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no license shall be granted to any person to manufacture, or shall authorize any person to manufacture tobacco in any place in this kingdom, other than in such place where by law tobacco may be warehous'ed, or in the shire towns of counties, in the counties of cities, and counties of towns, and such other towns in the several districts of this kingdom in which collectors of the revenue resided on the nventy-fjfth day of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, or u-Jicic (hey now reside; and also such town from which any diffricl takes its name, or where surveyors of excise are resident, unless such license be signed by three of the hid commissioners, and all unmanufactured tobacco kept in any house, flore-house, or other place, not belonging to the person lieenfed to manufacture to-’ bacco in such place, situate in any other part of tins kingdom; and all tobacco prefies, tobacco tables, tobacco spinnitig wheels, and snuff mills, and all other utensils for manufacturing tobacco, found in any part of this kingdom, other than as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and the person or persons in whose possession any such tobacco table, press, wheel, snuff mill, or other ctenfil for manufacturing tobacco shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and no permit shall be granted for the conveying of unmanufactured tobacco to any place, other than places where persons may be lieenfed to manufacture tobacco.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That persons in partnership, and carrying on the trade or business of manufacturing tobacco in one house only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one license, and that no one license which shall be granted by virtue of this act, shall authorise or impower any person or persons to whom the same shall be granted, to manufacture tobacco in any other house than such one house and working-places thereunto adjoining, as shall be mentioned in such license, and in the entry to be made thereof with the collector, in'puTfuance of this act.

XLII. And be it enacted, That every person lieenfed to manufacture tobacco, shall have, or cause to be painted on a board with letters open to view and legible, at least an inch long, in white upon a black ground, or in black on a white ground, his, her, or their name and furnaire, or names and surnames.at full length, and the words, lieenfed to mcnujcclure tolwee, and shall affix the fame on some con-fptcuous place on the outside of the front of his. Iter, or their house, not more than three feet distance from the top of the {hop door, or street door of such house, and preserve and keep up the fame during the time he, flic, or they shall continue to manufacture, or deal in tobacco, or in dcfrtiiU thereof shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

V o l. XV. ( I

494 ^ie thirty-first Year of George III.

][}

XLIII. And be it enacted, That every coiicclor who shall grant a Ucenfe to any person to manufacture, or otherwise deal ill tobacco as aforesaid, shall, at the time of granting such License, give to the person obtaining the fame, a certificate thereof, which certificate Hull, at every time the person or persons so licensed lhr.il purchase any unmanufactured tobacco from any importer of tobacco, or person licensed to deal in unmanufactured tobacco, be produced to such importer, or person licensed as aforesaid, who shall indorse on such certificate, the number of hogsheads fold, also the marks, numbers, and weight upon each hogshead, the place where, and time when, the name of the ship in which the fame was imported, and the time when the duty thereon was paid, and the name of the person to whom the same shall be fold, and the time of such sale; and such importer, or his known clerk, shall figri such indorsement, and such certificate, with such indorsement as aforesaid, shall be produced to the proper officer for granting permits, before such officer shall grant a permit for such tobacco; and such officer shall, at the time of granting every such permit, specify on such indorsement the date and number of the permit, and the place where the same shall be granted, and sign his name thereto, and in case any unmanufactured tobacco shall be sold by any person licensed to manufacture tobacco, or deal in the same as aforesaid, to any other person licensed to manufacture tobacco, or deal in the same as aforesaid, the officer for granting a permit for conveying the fame, to the person buying the fame, shall indorse on the certificate of the feller of such tobacco, the time of granting such permit, and to whom the fame was granted; and upon every transfer the fame requisites shall be performed as are directed upon the Grit; sale of the importer; and every such manufacturer or dealer in tobacco shall, on every twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, or within ten days after the said days respectively, return to the coIJedor of the district in which he or flic shall reside, such certificate, together with all endorsements made thereon, and every such collector shall, upon receiving such certificate, with such endorsements thereon, give a new certificate to the person who shall be so licensed*, and such manufacturer or dealer shall, on every twenty-fifth day of March, or within ten.days after, deliver to such collector, the certificate by him or her received as aforesaid, with all endorsements made thereon; and if any such person shall not deliver up any such certificate at the respective times aforesaid, he or (lie shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds; and in case the paper on which any such certificate shall be granted, shall before any of the days on which the fame is hereby required to be returned, be filled up by the endorsements herein directed to be made thereon, then and in every such case, every such collector shall, upon such manufacturer or other dealer as aforesaid, delivering up to him any such certificate so by him granted, with such endorsements thereon, grant unto such manufacturer or dealer as aforesaid, a new certificate, on which such account of all tobacco to be purchased by him in such manner, and within such times respectively as aforesaid, shall be endorsed as aforesaid, and every such collector shall, upon receiving from such manufacturer or dealer as aforesaid, any such certificate with fu:h endorsements thereon, enter the fame in a book, to be kept by him for that purpose, and forthwith transmit every such certificate, with the endorsements thereon, to the register general of tobacco, for the time being,

XLIV. And be it enacted, That if any person so licensed shall not, on demand made by any officer of the revenue, produce to such officer such certificate, with the endorsements. which shall have been made thereon, or not fuffitr such officer to inspect and examine the fame, then such person so licensed shall, for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and in case any

endorsement

1791-Chap. 5.

The thirty-first Year of George III. 495

endorsement made on such certificate, shall appear to the said commissioners of J\. D-the revenue, or any three of them, to have been era fed, obliterated, or fraudu- 1/91* lenity altered, then it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, cr any Chap. 5« three of them, to annul or vacate the license granted to the person or persons v--—' whose certificate shall have been erased, obliterated, or fraudulently altered *, and every person to whom such evafed, obliterated, or altered certificate shall have been granted, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XLV. And be it enacted, That all tobacco manufactured or unmanufactured, of what quality or species soever, and all fault' above the weight of four pounds, that shall be carried and conveyed front any one place in this kingdom to another, as well from one part of a city or town, to another part of such city or town, as from any city or town, to any other part of the kingdom, shall and may be seized by any officer of lus Majesty's revenue, and shall be deemed and taken to be smuggled goods, and forfeited as such, unless the carrier or person conveying the fame, shall produce a permit given by the proper officer of the revenue, for the carriage of such tobacco or snuff, upon demand by any such officer.

XLVL. And be it enacted, That no unmanufactured tobacco, tobacco-stalks, or snuff, exceeding in quantity four pounds weight in the whole, although in separate packages, shall be conveyed either by land or by water, at any one and the same time, by any one and the fame carriage or conveyance, and directed to one and the same person, or to different persons in one and the fame partnership in trade, without a permit being first obtained from the proper officer of the place from whence such tobacco, tobacco (talks, cr snuff, shall be removed, which permit shall accompany the same to the place to which the fame is to lie conveyed.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That all tobacco and snuff found in the possession of any buyer or retailer of manufactured tobacco, for which a permit or certificate, as the case may be, of force sufficient to protect the fame, shall net be produced, shall be forfeited, and the person In whose possession the same shall be found,

shall forfeit five shillings for each pound weight thereof.

XLVIII. Provided always, That if such buyer or retailer of manufactured tobacco or snuff, shall produce a permit or certificate for any such tobacco or

snuff so found in his or her possession, it shall and may be lawful for any officer of the revenue to administer an oath to such buyer or retailer of manufactured tobacco, that such tobacco Is the identical tobacco which had been received with such permit, or with the permit on which such certificate was granted, and that such permit or certificate, to the bed of the knowledge of such buyer or retailer of tobacco, had not been made use of to cover or protect any other tobacco whatsoever*, and if such buyer or retailer of tobacco shall refuse to take such oath as aforesaid, all such tobacco for which such permit or certificate shall be produced,

shall be forfeited, and may be seized, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. And whereas it would tend to prevent the falc of smuggled tobacco, if no tobacco was permitted to be sold under a price or rate which would enable the importer, manufacturer, or dealer in tobacco, to pay his Majesty's duties, and have a reasonable profit: be it therefore enacted, That all contracts, promiflcs, notes, bills, bonds, judgments, or other securities, given or executed, by any person where the whole, or any part of the consideration of any such contract, promise, or security, shall be for any tobacco in leaf, or manufactured, which if unmanufactured, shall have been sold at a less price than at the rate of (even pence for each pound weight thereof; and which if manufactured, shall have been fold for a lcfs price than at the rate of thirteen pence for each pound weight fi I 2 thereofi

49»

The thirty-frjl Year of George III.

thereof, shall be utterly null and void; and no suit shall be maintainable thereon

- in any court of law or equity.

/ T T1HAa,!.]A.I a1,»,a>.a a.,.1 I,a ' b aaaOaJ 1 r Ln k tf nwo ^1^14 4 all.AAA H,a1I l\rt

pound, it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons buying or purchaung such tobacco, to recover from the seller or sellers thereof, a sum equal to the full amount of such tobacco so sold as aforesaid, to be sued for, and recovered by civil bill, in a court of piopcr jurisdiction.

LI. And be it enacted, That all tobacco taken out of any original package, shall be deemed tobacco taken out of such package for the purpose of manufacturing the fame \ and if any manufacturer of, or dealer in tobacco, shall open any package of tobacco for the purpose of taking any tobacco cut of such package, except in the presence of the proper officer of excise, or after tv/enty-four hours previous notice thereof having been given to suchollicer to attend, and his neglecting to attend pursuant thereto, in which notice shall be expressed, the package or packages which is, or arc intended to be opened, every such person shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and such mamifj&urer or retailer, or some person on his or her behalf, shall shew such officer out of what package of tobacco, in his or her (lock, lie or flic intends to take the fame; and shall in the prefcncc of such officer weigh every parcel, from time to time taken out of any such package; and specify the quantity of each parcel intended to be put in case, and the quantity intended for cane, pig-tail, cut, and fnuftj and weigh each such parcel, before any part thereof shall be wet or put in case, or shall be (tripped from the stalk, or fpuu, or in default thereof, such manufacturer shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence.

LII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for every such manufacturer of, or dealer hi tobacco, to take out of any such package any quantity of tobacco, not exceeding two pounds in weight for samples, and for no other purpose.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every person manufacturing tobacco, shall cause to be branded or painted oil every table, with or without a spinuing wheel, u hich shall be kept by him or her, or be in his or her possession for the pur-

t pose of spinning tobacco, or on which tobacco may be spun, and on a conspicuous part thereof, his or her name and surname, and the number of the table, beginning with number one, and proceeding in the common arithmetical pro-greflion, until every such table shall be numbered; and every such person in whose possession shall be found any table for the purpose of spinning tobacco, or on which tobacco may be spun, which shall not have been so branded or painted, or on which the fame number shall be branded or painted, if two or more of such tables shall be branded or painted with a flmiiar number, shall forfeit for every such table, the sum of twenty pounds; and every such tabic, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the revenue.

LIV. And be it enacted, That every person manufacturing tobacco, shall before any license for manufacturing the fame be granted, make true and particular entry in writing, under his, her, or their hand or hands, or under the hand of his, her, or their known clerk, with the collector of the districk in which he, {he, cr they shall refule, of every tobacco tabic, and the number of wheels and spindles for spinning tobacco thereunto belonging; and of every tobacco preis, and snuff mill, kept by him, her, or them; and also of all houses, werk-houses, shops, rooms, cellars, vaults, and other places, by him, her, or them, refrec-tively intended to be made use of for the manufacturing, keeping, or feliing of tobacco or snuff, dUUnguishing the places where such tobacco tables and wheels, tobacco presses, and snuff mills, are respectively intended to be kept; and shall

tender

The thirty-frf Year of George III. 497

tender to such collector a duplicate of such entry; and fitch collector shall at J) the foot thereof certify that the fame is a duplicate of the entry made with IJQl him? and the fame shalt in all cases be evidence of such entry, and every to- £|ja bacco table, tobacco wheel, tobacco press, or other engine or instrumcnf, for pressing tobacco, and snuff mill which shall be found in the pofleJTjon of a person not licensed to manufacture tobacco or snuff, cr which shall be found in the pofiession of any person who shalt be licensed to manufacture tobacco or snuff, and of which such entry shall not have been made by such person; or which shall be found in any room or place, other than such rooms or places as shall be mentioned in such entry, for the keeping thereof, shall be forfeited and seized; and the person in whose house, out-house or pofiession the same shall be found, shall forfeit for every such table, wheel, press, or mill, the sum of twenty pounds; and every manufacturer of tobacco, shall for every Jioufe, ware-house, work-house, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, which shall be used for manufacturing, keeping, or felling his, her, or their tobacco or fnu(F, of which such entry shall not have been made, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and all tobacco and fnuif, which shall at any time be found therein, with all casks, vefleis, and packages whatsoever, containing the same shall be forfeited, and seized by any officer or officers of the revenue.

LV. And be it enacted, That where any entry shall be made by any manufacturer, or manufacturers of tobacco or snuff, of any ware-house, work-house,

(hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, for manuf.icluiing, keeping, or felling tobacco or snuff, no other entry shall be made by ar.y other manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or snuff, not being in partnership with such manufacturer or manufacturers, making such first entry of the fame ware-house, cr work-house, or of any (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place whatever, for the manufacturing, keeping, or felling of tobacco or fnufi, under the fame mof, or within the same house or tenement, of which such first entry shall be then existing; and every such further entry made by any mamifaclurer or manufacturers of the fame house, ot of any drop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, under the fame roof, or within the same house or tenement, shall be void-, and all tobacco and snuff, and the packages containing the fame, and all implements for manufacturing tobacco and snuff found therein, not the property of the person or persons having made the first entry, shall be forfeited, and ftized by any officer of the revenue.

LVI. And be it enacted, That every person who shall be so licensed as aforesaid, to manufacture tobacco, shall be charged and chargeable with, and shall pay the duty of exetfe for not less than four thousand pounds weight of tobacco in every quarter of the year, for each and every tobacco table which shall be kept by such person; and that no such person shall be so licensed, ur.lcfs such person shall first enter into a bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the penalty of two hundred pounds for every tobacco table which shall be mentioned in such entry ae nforef. id, conditioned to pay the duty of escife for such time as such license shall be of force, for not less than at the rate of four thousand pounds weight of tobacco in each quarter of the year, for every tobacco tab'c which fh.:!J be kept by him or her, and also the duty of excise for all such tobacco, exceeding such quantity as such person or persons shall be liible to pr.v, during the time such license shall be in force.

LVII. Provided always, That where an entry or regifirv flu! have been made by any manufacturer of two or more tables, such bond shall not extend to charge him or her in respect of one of such two or more tables, with the payment of the duty of excise for more than at the rate of three thousand pounds weight Voi. XV. 6 K of

: -9°

A.D.

Cl:ap. 5.

The thirij-jirjl Year of George III.

c: tobacco in t-ch quarter as aforesaid, unless the quantity manufactured by such person shall exceed the rate aforesaid.

i.VIII. Provided also, That in case any manufacturer of tobacco shall net deem it expedient to manufacture an equal quantity of tobacco, in every quarter of the ye;»i, it shall and may be lawful for such manufacturer, after having given a nctin- in writing to the collector of the district in which he or flic shall be licented to manufacture tobacco, specifying whether he or she intend to use any, and what number of tobacco tables in the then ensuing quarter, commencing as aforesaid, and the number intended to be used in such quarter; and on or before the commencement of such quarter, to fend at Ills or her own expence and do pofitc in his Majesty's fiorcs in the district, all or any of the tobacco tables which shall have been so entered and registered as aft.resaid, with the spinning wheels thereto belonging; and such collector shall give such manufacturer a receipt for the fame, specifying the amount in number of the tables, and the numerical numbers which shall have been branded or painted thereon, and also the number of spinning wheels which shall have been so sent to such stores; and every such manuf.i£lurer Hull, for such quarter, and for every quarter, during which Ins or her table or tables, with the spinning wheels thereunto belonging, shall remain in such (lores, be discharged from such bond, so far as the f,«me shall relate to the charge of duty in respeiCl of the tables which shall have been so deposited ami kept in such (lores and in case such manufacturer shall think proper to repofTefs himself or herself in any subsequent quarter, of all or any of the tables and wheelo which shall have been so deposited as aforesaid, such collcdor shall, at the commencement of such quarter, deliver to such manufacturer, such table or tables, wheel or wheels, as shall be required by him or her, he or fiie giving such collector a receipt for the fame; and every such Jhanufadhircr shall be charged in such quarter, end in every ensuing quarter in which he or file shall have such tables in his or her possession, with duty of excite, not less than the rate aforesaid, for the number of tables which shall be in his or her possession, ;uul which shall not remain deposited in such stores.

I,

IX. Provided also, That if any manufacturer of tobacco shall, in any quarter of the year after he shall have made entry as aforesaid, of the number of tobacco tables to be used by him or her, propefe to keep a greater number of such tables than the number Gift entered, no entry of such greater number shall be received, nor certificate thereof given, unless such manufacturer shall enter into a new bond, with sureties as aforesaid, in a penalty at the rate aforesaid, for every tobacco table so intended to be kept by him or her, conditioned as is herein mentioned, with respect to the bond herein before required to be entered into, on taking out a license to manufacture tobacco.

LX. And be it enacted, That every table, bench, or other fixture, with or without a wheel, on which any tobacco shall be manufactured, and which shall exceed the length of four feet, and be of the breadth of twenty-one inches, shall be considercd as a tobacco table, within the intent and meaning of this act, un-Jcfs such table, bench, or other fixture be kept by a licensed manufacturer, and be used only for the purpote of fixing a fiiuff mill, or mills thereto, or for making tobacco into rolls, after the fame hath been spun.

LXI. And be it enacted, That every table, bench, or other fixture, uted for the purpote of ninnunteluring tobacco, which shall be of greater length than twenty-one teet, or be of greater breadth than twenty-one indies, shall be considered as two tables, any table with which more than one wheel shall or may be uted at the same time, shall be considered to be so many tables as shall be equal tc the number cf-wheels used, or which may be uted therewith at or.e time,

and

The thirtj-Jirfi Year of George III.

and shall be charged and clurge: l>!c with, and liable to pay duty for a quantity of tobacco in each quarter accordingly.

LXII. And be it enacted, That the furvevors, gaugers, and other clltcers of the revenue shall, from time to time, make return or report l.n vniting, to the collectors in their respective districts, of the duties of excise chargeable on tobacco, and of the persons chargeable therewith, in such difiricls respectively, and such return or report shall be a charge on a!) such p« rfons.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That the inland or excise duty on tobacco, shall be paid by the manufacturer or manufacturers, or person or persons taking tobacco out of the original package, to the colleger of the difirict within seven days after such package shall be opened, for the purpose of taking any tobacco out of the fame, except for a sample, or in default thereof, all such tobacco Hull be forfeited and seized, and every such manufactureiyor person who Hull make default therein shall, for every such default, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and also one (lulling for every pounds weight cf tobacco contained in such original package.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That if any importer or other person dealing in tobacco, shall fell or deliver any tobacco to any manufacturer or dealer in tobacco, or other person, without procuring a permit for such tobacco, such importer or person dealing in tobacco, felling the fame, shall be liable to, and pay the inland or excise duty for all such tobacco as lie or Ihc shall so fell or deliver without such permit.

LXV. And be it enacted, That every person manufacturing tobacco, or dealing therein as aforesaid, shall pay the said inland or excise duty for all lobaccoi, which shall be fold or delivered to such person, tmlcfs he or she shall prove that such tobacco had been sold by him or her, in the fame flare in which he or she bought the fame, and to whom the same was fold.

LXVI. And be it cuafled, That the several and respcfUvc duties to be paid by persons licenced to manufacture tobacco, or otherwise to deal in the same as aforesaid, and the inland or excise duty on tobacco may be levied by the officers of his Majesty's revenue, and such officers may at any time, with the assistance of a constable in the day time, levy inch sum or sums as ought to be paid by the several and respective persons subject to said Iiccnfes respedkcly, by distress and sale of the parties goods, in such manner, and by such ways as the revenue ari-ling by hearth-money is appointed to be levied and collcded, in and by an act made in, the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An additional aB for the better ordtring and ccHeBing tie revame ari/ing by hearth-money.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That if any tobacco table or wheel, or any tobacco press or snuff* mill, shall be found in the possession of any person, having also in his or her poflhflion any tobacco in leaf, or in a state of manufacture, or any unmanufactured tobacco*, exceeding the weight of one pound, or if any unmanufactured tobacco shall be found in the possession of any person having also in his or her possession any manufactured tobacco, exceeding the weight of one poutyd, or if any tobacco in a (late of manufacture shall be found in the possession of any person, the same shall be condusive evidence that such person is a manufacturer of tobacco.

LXVIII. And be it emOed, That every person not being a. manufacturer of tobacco, who shall fdl tobacco or fnu/F by retail, shall fake out a Jiceiife fur th»t purpose from the collector of the difirict in which he or fi c shall refnie, which license fuel', collector shall grant without fee or reward; ami that every person not licensed to manufacture tobacco, in whose possession shall be found more than two pounds of manufactured tobacco, or one pound of fuufl, shall be 6 K 2 /Itemed

5CO The thirty-first Year of George III.

A.D. 1-yr.

deemed a retailer of tobacco; and unfefs such person shall produce such license as aferciaifl ior retailing the fame, he or flic shall forfeit five pounds, and all tobacco or snuff found in his or her poffiffion ll.all be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the revenue.

IXIX. And be it enacted, That no drawback or allowance of the duty on tobacco shall be paid on the export of any manufactured tobacco, unkfs the fame be exported in packages not less than two hundred pounds weight each \ nor unless due proof be iirlt made, that the leal tobacco whereof it is manufactured, has paid the duties required by law on the importation thereof.

LXX. And be it enacted, That at or before the shipping for exportation of any manufactured or unmanuf.»£tured tobacco, the exporter or exporters, with two or more persons, to be approved of by the colie&or, or other chief officer of the port from which such tobacco shall be exported, of whom the matter or other person having the charge or command of the ship or tcfiel in which such tobacco is intended to be exported, shall be one, shall give security by bond to his Majesty, in a penalty after the rate of two shillings and six pence for every pound weight of such tobacco, that such tobacco so shipped, or any pan thereof, shall not be relanded or brought on shore again in any part or place within this kingdom, or the ides of Man, Faro, or Ferro 5 and such security shall be discharged in the manner herein mentioned; that is to say, for such of the said goods as shall be entered for, or landed in the kingdom of Great Britain, the islands of Guernsey, Jcrfev, Alderney, or Sark; the condition of the bond shall be to bring v) a certificate in discharge thereof, within six months from the date of the bond, and within eighteen months for such of the goods as shall be entered for, and landed in any of his Majesty's colonies, plantations, islands or territories in America or Africa; which said certificate for such tobacco as aforesaid, as shall be landed in any port or place where any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs shall be rclident, shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Ma-j. fly’s customs there, and dial I specify that such tobacco was there landed, and shall testify the landing thereof, and for such tobacco as aforesaid, as shall be entered for the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or bark; such certificate Avail be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, if any such officer or officers shall be residing in said islands respectively; and in case there shall be no such officers resident there, then by the governor of the said island*, or the deputy governor thereof respectively, and for such tobacco as aforesaid, as shall be entered for any foreign port or place, to bring a certificate if such port or place shall be in Europe, within six months, and if in Africa or America, within eighteen months, under the hand and seal of his Majesty's consul, if any such be there, and if not, under the hand and seal of the chief magistrate of such port or place, and under the hands and seals of two known merchant.', then being at such port or place, that such tobacco was there landed; or such bond or bonds shall be discharged upon proof in any of the said cases reflectively, that such goods were taken by enemies, or perished in the fca, upon proof being made thereof to the satisfadUon of the commiflbners of the revenue.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That the colleger or other proper officer of the revenue in the poit of Dublin, and also at every port or place in this kingdom, where any tobacco shall he imported, shall once in every calendar month, irauf-mit or deliver to the person appointed by the chief commissioners of the revenue to the office of register general of tobacco, one of the laud waiters books in which his account shall be entered and kept, of the landing and dtfclurging of tobacco, imported at such port or place; and also true and exact copies of every entry of tobacco for exportation; and of the several and respeo:'-.c cndorlcments reia*-

The thirly-frjl Year of George III. 501

ing thereto, which fh;\ii be I'elivercu to inc Marcher, ur proper officer or officers A.D. at such port or place where any uu’h tobacco shall be entered end shipped for exportation to foreign parts; and also true and cvift copies of every account, Qjap, which pursuant to the directions herein r.i/cn, shall lie delivered to any officer of the revtnue of such port or place, of tobacco intended to be manuiaftured by the importer or importers thereof, on his, her, or their own account, or which shall be delivered by the importer or importers thereof, to any oilier pc.fun or persons vhatfuever, to be manufactured for the Recount of fuel porter or importers; and also true and exact copies of every account,which punu nl to the directions herein given, shall be delivered to any officer or uilicers at fuca port or place by the importer or importers cf tobacco, sold by them to any t ther retson or persons whatsoever; which several accounts are to be kept by the ibid register general of tubacco for the time being, who is to keep proper books, and enter therein the several and respective accounts so trammitted cr delivered to him; which several entries shall be made, and an account thereof kept in such manner and form, that the marks and numbers on every hogshead, cart, chefl, case, or other package of tobacco, with the weights thereof at importation, may be compared and chequed with the marks, numbers, and weights, at the exportation thereof, or when fold or delivered for home consumption, or to be manufactured, to the intent that the identity of all such tobacco imported, fold, or delivered to be manufactured, maybe thereby known or ascertained; and when any thing shall appear to him to be done or practised at any port or place, contrary . to the directions and intentions of this act, he shall immediately deliver an account thereof in writing to the commissioners of the revenue for the time being* and if any collector or other chief officer of the revenue at any port or place of this kingdom shall neglect or refuse to transmit or deliver any of the land waiters books, and a true copy of every entry of tobacco for exportation, and of the several endorsements relating thereto herein mentioned and described, and also true copies of all the accounts herein mentioned and described, within the times herein respectively limited and appointed for that purpose, he and they so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit fifty pounds for every such neglect or refusal.

LXXII. And to the end that the officers of the revenue may be the better enabled to keep a regular flock account on the venders of tobacco, be it enacted, That every importer, and every manufacturer of, or dealer in tobacco, and every other person who shall have or hold in his, her, or their custody, power or pcssession, whether in the king’s (lores, or in any other place,' or in the custody of any other person or persons for his, her, or their own use, any tobacco exceeding in.quantity five pounds weight, either of hi«, her, or their property, or the property of any other person or ersons, shall rive and deliver to the collector of the district where such person or persons shall rcfule, a true account in writing of Ins, her, or their name or names respectively, and places of abode, and of the true quantity of tobacco which such person or persons shall respectively at the time of giving in such account, have in his, lier, or their custody, power or possession, or in the possession of any other person or persons'for his, her, or their use, which account shall also contain the outward bulks of every hogshead, calk, ciiefi, or other package, in which such tobacco shall be contained; and also each of the fever,il and respective marks and numbers set upon each such hogshead, calk, chert, or other package respectively, and distinguistting the quantity contained in each of them, and also the quantities in case or loose, and the quantity in stalk and number of rolls, to wit, fnuffi-rolls, cane or pigtail separately, nith the exact weight thereof, and the particular w.ire-houses, flore-Iieufes, cellars, or other places where the fame arc then lodged, which account Yol. XV. 6 L shall

302 The thirtyfirst Year of George III.

A.D.

shall be signed by such importer or manufacturer of tobacco, or other person as I7QT. aforesaid, or one of his, her, or their known servants or agents, with their feve-

Chap. j ral and respective names and places of abode, and shall in like manner within ten-days after every twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of Septem-: ber, twenty-fifth day of December, and twenty-fifth day of March, in every year, :give and deliver to fucJi-collector ar. aforesaid, alike account as is herein before required, in which account shall be contained all such stock of tabacco as aforesaid, as he, she, or th^y respectively had on the said respective days} and in case any such importer or manufacturer of tobacco, or other person as aforesaid^ shall neglect to give any of the said accounts herein before directed at the respect live times, and in such manner and form as herein directed and required, such person shall for every such omission or neglect, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds j and in case any such account shall appear to be false or fraudulent, all such to bacco (talks, fnufl* roll, or other kind or species thereof, of which no account, or of which a false or fraudulent account shall be given, and the calks, chests, cases, or other packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, and the person or persons so offending, shall forfeit treble the value thereof; and every such collector , or other chief officer, shall upon receipt of such accounts, give a certificate to the person or persons giving in the fame, of the quantity of tobacco by such person or persons so returned to such collector or other chief officer, to be. in his,‘h'er, or -their custody, power or possession, which certificate shall be produced.by such person or persons to the officer who shall take an account of his, her, or their stock; and if such officer or officers upon examining the said stocks,-shall find the Came to exceed the quantity mentioned in such certificate, such exceeding shall be forfeited, and may be seized and taken by any such officer out of any tobacco then in the possession of the person or persons forfeiting the fame, and every such collector or other chief officer shall also, upon the receipt of such accounts, forthwith cause the several and respective goods contained in such accounts to be examined thereby, and shall then enter such accounts in a book to be kept by every such collector for that purpose, and then every such collector shall forthwith transmit such accounts to the register^general of tobacco for the time being; and in case any collector or other chief officer shall neglect or omit to transmit such accounts to the said register-general for the time being, within ten days after he shall have received the fame, such collector or chief officer.shall for every such neglect or omission forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That if the person in whose custody such tobacco, i being :the property of any other person or persons, shall be found, shall inform , or be the discoverer of such secreted or concealed tobacco, such person so informing of, or discovering the fame, shall be admitted to give evidence thereof, and shall in case such information or discovery be found true, not only be indemnified against, and exempted from the aforesaid penalty by him incurred, for so secreting orconcealing the fame, but shall also be entitled to, and shall receive the informer's moiety of what tire fame shall fell for.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any increase shall be found in the stock of any importer, manufacturer, or dealer in, or retailer of tobacco, or other per-fun, so under stock as aforesaid, above the quantities which shall appear by the stock account kept by the gauger, or officer of the walk wherein such importer, manufacturer, dealer, retailer, or other person shall reside, ought to be in the possession of such person, it shall and may be lawful for any officer of the revenue, to seize out of any part of the stock of such person, a quantity equal to the quantity so found increased, unless a permit or certificate sufficient to

protect

The thirtj-first Year of George III.

protest such tobacco shall, upon demand made by such officer, be produced, or A.D. proof made that a permit or certificate had been granted for the fame, and was 1791* afterwards loft or and the person or ersons in whose fiock such increase diap. 5.

shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, for every such offence as \*\~*J aforesaid.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That every officer inspecting the stock of tobacco of any person so under stock as aforesaid, {lull, after he enters an account of the fame, give a true copy of his said entry to such person who shall shew the stock, and give a declaration thereof, which copy, without alteration or crafe-ment, shall be signed by such officer, and on any ditfcreucc arising between such person so under llock, and such officer on account of any charge of increase in stock, such copy may be produced by such person so under stock, on any trial, upon any information which may be brought against such person, for any such increase of stock, and shall be received as evidence thereon.

LXXVI. And for the more efle£lual preventing the sale of tobacco, clandestinely imported into this kingdom, be it enacted, That it shall and may be !a\vrul for any officer of the revenue to enter as well by night as by day, but if between the hours of ten of the clock in the evening, and fix of the clock in the morning, in the piefence of a constable, or other peace officer, into the houses, stores,

{hops, cellars, and all other places of, or belonging to any person buying, manufacturing, felling, storing, or keeping in his, her, or their custody or possession, any quantity of tobacco, and from time to time to take an account of the tobacco found therein 5 and if any person so buying, felling, manufacturing, or storing or keeping in his, her, or their custody or possession, any quantity of tobacco as aforesaid, or such person’s wife, principal servant, or other person usually entrusted with the care of the stock of such person’s buying, felling, or storing tobacco, shall refuse or hinder any such officer, or his assistant or assistants, to enter into any of his, her, or their houses, stores, (hops, cellars, or other places, or having permitted them to enter, shall afterwards refuse or prevent them from taking an account from time to time, of all tobacco there found, such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the officers of the revenue, to weigh ail tobacco in or out of case, except such tobacco as shall at the time of being put into case, be declared by such manufacturer in writing, under his or her hand, or under the hand of some person or persons authorized by him or her, in that behalf, to be intended for snuff, and if any tobacco so declared to be put into case for fnuif, shall afterwards be used for any other purpose than to make snuff roll, every such manufacturer shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That every importer, manufacturer, and dealer in tobacco shall, as often as he or they shall be required by any officer of the revenue, attend with a proper number of his servants, and weigh such parts of his stock as shall be required by such officer, in his presence, and furnish just feales and weights for weighing the fame *, and if any such importer, manufacturer, or dealer as aforesaid, shall refuse to shew and weigh his, her, or their stock of tobacco, or snuff, or any part thereof, except tobacco in case, which has been declared in manner by this act directed to fie intended for snuff, or fur-nifti just feales and weights, and attend with a sufficient number of his servants for the purpose of weighing the fame, or refuse to shew and declare in writing, under his hand, the quantity of his, her, or their separate stocks of tobacco, Ioofe or in package, or number of rolls of cane and pigtail, or fnufT roll, or quan, tity of stock tobacco, or tobacco in case, particularly expressing the quantities 6 L 2 of

Ui

S°4

The thirfy-fir/l Year of II

A.D.

of each kirn), every fuel_'".tr, manufacturer, or dealer, offending in any such

directed, That all tobacco th-.r Can be weighed upon the officers demand as aforesaid, Hir.ll be weighed in fcnarnte parcels, each of a distinct and separate spe-

cies or denomination containing not less than four hundred and twenty-five

pounds in each draft, and that all packages of tobacco exceeding that weight, shall be weighed v. About breaking or dividing the fame*, and if any person in whose possession such tobacco shall be found, shall, in weighing his, her, or their

flock, use or cause, or suffer to be used, any untrue or insufficicm feales or

weights, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit such feales and weights, together with twenty pounds.

1XXX. And be it enacted, That so foou as any manufacturer of tobacco shall have fuiished manufacturing any tobacco so put in case as aforesaid, intended for roll tobacco, he shall immediately deliver to the surveyor or gauger, or other . proper officer of the walk, wherein such manufacturer shall have been licensed to manufacture tobacco, a declaration in writing, specifying the number of rolls of tobacco, and weight of tobacco (talks and Hems, arising from the quantity of leaf tobacco put-into every such case, and shall keep all such roll tobacco, (talks and (terns separate and apart from all other rolls of tobacco, (talks or items, for the space of twenty-four hours, from the time of delivering such

declaration, or until the officer shall have taken an 'account thereof, and shall

in like mauner, so foun as he or she shall have finiHied manufacturing any to-

bacco, put into case, and declared to have been intended for fnuiF as aforesaid, into fnuiF roll, immediately deliver to such surveyor or gauger, a declaration in writing, specifying the number of fnuft* rolls, and weight thereof, arising from the quantity of leaf tobacco, (talks mid items put into each such case, for fnuiF as aforesaid, and shall keep such fnuiF rolls separate and apart from all other fnufl roil, for the space of twenty-four hours, from the time of delivering such declaration, or until the officers shall have taken an account thereof, and shall in like manner, so soon as he or (lie shall have finished manufacturing any fnuft* roll into fnuiF, immediately deliver to such officer as aforesaid, a declaration in writing, specifying the weight of such fuuftj and returns of tobacco, as shall be produced from such fnuft' roll, and shall keep such fuuff separate and apart from all other fnuft', for the space of twenty-four hours, or until the officers shall have taken an account thereof, or shall for every neglect or omission in any of the cases aforesaid, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That every manufacturer or retailer of snuff shall, -at his own expence, provide ca(k$, or other vessels for (toring his or her snuff in, and shall number each such calk or veil'd in arithmetical progression, beginning with the number one, and shall mark thereon the exact tare or weight thereof, and construct and place and keep all such calks and vessels in such manner and form, that the officers of excise may easily weigh the fame, and examine the contents thereof; and if any fnuft Mall be found in the possession of any manufacturer, or retailer of fnuiF, except in calks or vessels, numbered and marked as aforesaid, such manufacturer or retailer, for every such offence, shall forfeit the ium of ten pounds.

LX'.XU. And be it enacted, That if it shall appear by any fuffirient proof, that such person or persons so under flock as aforesaid, shall have delivered more tobacco than a decrease shall appear for, in the flack of such person’s tobacco, such person shall forfeit at the rate of two shillings per pound, fur every pound it shall be proved he or she shall have so delivered, for which there shall not be a pro-

portionable

The thiriy-first Year of George III.

portionable decrease in his or her flock of tobacco, making a reasonable allowance, not exceeding twenty pounds weight, for every hundred pounds v. tight, as an m-crease by manufacture, on all roll tobacco fold or delivered.

LXXXIII.And be it enacted, That every manufacturer of tobacco shall be charged with the duty of excise, for all tobacco which shall be found cncreaf’d in any tobacco in case, and shall forfeit five shillings for every pound weight of such tobacco, so encreased as aforesaid.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That every such manufacturer, retailer, or other person buying or floring tobacco for himself or any other person as aforesaid, shall, at the request of any officer of excise, shew, or cause to be shewn to him such tobacco, and all other tobacco that he or she may then have on hand, and declare, that what he or she shall then shew, or cause to be iliewn, is all the Hock of tobacco which he or she shall then have; and as often as any officer of the revenue shall vlfit such person^ house or llores, such person, at the request. of such officer, shall declare whether any, and what part of such Hock of tobacco was fold or delivered since the tail inspection thereof by the officer,' and in that case, such person shall declare to such officer, out of what parcel the fame was taken, together with the number thereof, and to whom delivered, and shall produce to such officer the copy of the certificate for such parcel, in order that the quantity so delivered may be endorsed thereon, or in default or refusal thereof, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That every manufacturer of tobacco and fnulF, shall make, erect, preserve and keep, or cause to be made, creeled, preserved, and kept, a frame or frames, box or boxes, close boarded or raised, of such dimenfi-ons as shall belt suit such manufacturer's convenience, for the pupose of laying his or her tobacco in case therein; and shall place or fix the ftmc in a convenient manner, so that any officer of the revenue may, at all times, eafrly inspect such frame or frames, box or boxes, and take the dimensions thereof*, and such manufacturers so often as they shall lay any tobacco in case, Hull lay the fame in case in such frame or frames, box or boxes as aforesaid, or in default thereof, every person so offending, shall for every such offence, forfeit the Ann of ten pounds.

LXXXVI. And be it e»a£led, That all tobacco to be put in case, shall be put therein in the day-time, within the space of three days after the same shall be unpacked, and shall be put therein in such frame or frames, box or boxes as aforesaid, in the presence of the officer, immediately after weighing the fame, and such tobacco shall be laid level, and packed close in such box or boxes, frame or frames $ and after the same shall be so done, such manufacturer shall not, upon any pretence whatsoever, add any tobacco, tobacco stalks or fiems thereto, or take out and repack the fame, or any part thereof, except in the presence of such officer, who shall take an account thereof in manner aforesaid, and such manufacturer shall, on every of his or her packages or rolls of tobacco, both in and out of press, affix to, and keep ns long as the same shall remain in his or her custody, a ticket in view, whereon shall be legibly written in words in length, on the outside of such ticket, the number of pounds contained in such package or roll; and such manufacturer shall shew to any officer of excise on demand, all his or her flock of tobacco, and every frame, box, or press, used by him or her in manufacturing the fame, and shall furnlfh such officer or officers with sufficient light, in all the cellars, and other places of such manufacturer or retailer, where the fame may be required; and shall upon like request or demand, weigh any part or parcel of his or her flock of tobacco, except the tobacco laid down in case for fnuiT, and shall declare the flock of tobacco so shewn, to be the entire flock then on hand of such manufacturer or retailer, under the penalty of five pounds, for every such neglect or refusal.

LXXXVI!.

jo6 27j(? tLirtj-Ji/Jl ‘Year of George III.

A.D. 1791. Chap. 5.

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That if any importer, factor, manufacturer, retailer or other person, buying, felling, storing or manufacturing tobacco, shall by him or her, or any person employed by him or her, make a fictitious or faife return of his or her (lock of tobacco, or make a false declaration thereof, such person shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That upon every computation to be made between unmanufactured leaf tobacco, and tobacco in case, or unmanufactured roll tobacco of any kind, a reasonable allowance not exceeding twenty pounds weight for every one hundred pounds weight, be made for die encrease of weight in manufacture, and upon every computation between unmanufactured leaf tobacco and fiiuff, the manufacturer shall be allowed a credit not exceeding eighty five pounds weight of snuff for every one hundred pounds weight of unmanufactured tobacco, used in making such fnu(F.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That all tobacco in packages, containing less than four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight each, which shall be legdiy condemned upon seizure, shall bcfoic the fame be fold, be <’pened and packed in packages, containing not KTs than four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight each; which said packs or packages shall he marked with such mark as the commiifi tiers or collectors of excise shall direct and appoint, and numbered} and as it may happen that different seizures of small quantities of tobacco may be made by ilidercnt oi.icers, then and in fuJi case, such seizures shall be weighed frpjratciy, :>»d after varus packed together in packages of four hundred and twemy-five pounds weight each in manner aforesaid; ..ml every person who shall buy such tobacco or any part thereof, at any such falc or sales as aforesaid, shall before fuel: person fii.ii! take the fame into Ids or her custody, receive a certificate for the fame, from the roller of seizures, or surveyor of the (lores, or other proper officers, who ih.it! grant the fame on demand, without fee or reward; which certificate shall contain the murks and.numbers, net weight, with the buyers name, and the day 011 which such tobacco shall have been fold; which certificate and tobacco shall be subject and liable to such regulations and provtfions, as in cases of tobacco bought from an importer, factor, or other person dealing therein.

XC. And be it further enacted, That if any mark or number whatsoever, which was burned in or set upon any hogshead, ca/k, case, or other package whatsoever of tobacco, before the importation thereof into this kingdom, or which was burned in or set thereon in this kingdom, upon the importation or landing thereof, or which was burned in or set thereon in this kingdom before the exportation thereof from hcr.cc, shall be crated, burned out, cut out, blotted out, or in any wise altered, changed, or defaced; cr if such maiks or numbers set upon any hogshead, calk, cheil, case, or other package whatsoever, shall by turning the head or heads of any such hoglhcad, calk, chefi, case, or other package inwards, or by any other means be concealed from view, then and in any such cases, every such hoglhcad, calk, ch eft, case, or other package whatsoever of tobacco, the mark ’.thereof shall be so altered or defaced, or concealed as afore.faitl, shall be forfeited and seized.

XCI. And be it enacted, That no tobacco shall be laden or laid on board any ship or vessel whatsoever, in any port or place in this kingdom to the intent to be exported, except in hogfiieads, caflcs, chefls, or wooden cases, each com..ir.ii:g (if such tobacco shall be unmanufactured} four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, or more, and if manufactured two hundred pounds weight, or more, upon pain of the forfeiture of such tobacco, and of the hoglhedd, calk, chid, or case containing the same.

XC11. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, shall extend to calks or other packages containing Gmples of tobacco not exceeding ten pounds weight,

shipped

Ti.e thirtj-fif Year of George III. 507

shipped and exported at the same time and place, with the hoglhcads, calks, A.D. chcfls, or wooden cases, out of wh'uh such samples were taken. ^79*

XCIII. And be it cnjdted, That no drawback shall be allowed for any unma- Chap. 5. nufactured tobacco which is, or shall be mixed with rubbish or dirt, or any other matter or thing whatsoever, r.nr for any manufactured tobacco which is or shall be mixed with any ingredients not utccfiary cr usual in the manufacturing thereof; and every person who shall enter or (liip for c\pertation, or cause to be entered or shipped for exportation, any tobacco unmanufactured mixed with rubbish or with dirt, or with any other matter or thing whatever, or any manufactured tobacco otherwise mixed than as aforesaid, or who flu.:! enter any thing for exportation as tobacco, which upon examination by the prefer officer shall appear not to be tobnccQ, contrary to the true meaning hereof, shall forfeit all such goods, and the hogf-heads, casks, chests, cases, and other packages in which they are contained, and also the sum of one hundred pounds for every hogshead, calk, chest, case, or other Package thereof.

XCIV. And in order to encourage the refining of sugars in this kingdom, be it enacted, That no bounty shall be allowed and paid upon any sugars which shall be refined therein, and be exported from thence, unless the same shall be exported in the loaf complete and whole, being net, that is to say, of one wiiorm white-ness throughout, and which shall have gone through-the operation of two or more clays (ince it was lad in the pan, and shall have been proper)? and thoroughly dried in the (love, according to the present practice of refining, nor upon such refined sugars called bast.ird, or ground powdered refined sugar, or refined loaf sugar broken in pieces, unless the same shall have been twice clayed and property dried in the (love, nor upon any candy, unless properly refined and m.uiufjcluied, and freed from dirt and feum.

XCV. And be it enacted, That if any refined sugars, commonly called lumps, being in loaves, shall have gone through the opentriori of three clays at the least, fmee they were lull in the pan, and shall be net, and shall have been thoroughly dried in the (love in the manner herein before directed, though such loaves be exported without the fmalJ ends or lips, they shall be deemed complete and whole, within the true intent and meaning of this act; and the exporter or exporters of the same shall receive the drawback or bounty accordingly.

XCVI. And be it enacted, That if the proper officer or officers of the revenue shall upon view or examination, either before or after shipping, find any sugar or candy which shall be entered for exportation, in order to obtain the bounties or drawbacks thereon, to be less in quantity than expressed in the exporter's endowment, or entered under a wrong denomination, or if such sugars shall not be respectively n.fined in the manner before directed, or if such candy be not properly refined and manufactured, and free from dirt and feum, all such sugars or candy shall be forfeited, and shall and may be fei2ed by any officer or officers of the revenue, and sued for and recovered as herein after directed.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That before any drawback or bounty shall be paid for any of the sugars or candy herein before mentioned, being of the manufacture of this kingdom, or any debentures made out for the fame, the refiner or refiners not being the exporter or exporters of such sugars or candy, shall make . an oath, or if a known quaker a solemn affirmation, before the collector, or other proper officer of the pint from whence such fug*.*is and candy shall be exported, which oath or affirmation, such collector or other officer is hen by err-.po vere-J and required to administer, of the following import, that is to say, that he, she, or they fold such fug-rsor candy, expressing the quantity and time when fold, the person or persons intending to export the fiime, ami th.it such sugars have respectively gone through the operations herein before exp wil'd, arid have been pruper-

6 M Iv

5o.3 The thirty"first Year of George III.

p ]y and thoroughly dried in the stove, or that such candy has been properly refined or manufactured, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and that lie, she, or they verily believes or believe such sugars or candy were produced from brown or muscovado sugars of the growth or product of Jus Majesty's plantations in America, or the West Indies, and imported from thence, or from Great Britain; and that the several duties payable thereon were duly paid, and the exporter or exporters of such sugars or candy fiiali then make oath, or if a known quaker a solemn affirmation before such collector or other proper officer as aforesaid, which oath or affirmation such collector or other proper officer is hereby authorized and directed to administer, that such sugars or candy for which such bounty or drawback is then claimed, are the identical sugars or candy, or part thereof which were sold to him or them as aforesaid, by such refiner or refiners, and before the money due upon such debenture or debentures shall be paid, such exporter or exporters shall also make oath, or.if a known quaker, a solemn affirmation in the manner herein before directed, that such sugars or candy have been duly exported, and the searcher, or other proper officer of the port respectively, from which such sugars or candy shall be exported, shall certify that the fame have been fairly shipped, and all other requisites duly performed; and whenever the refiner or refiners of such sugars or candy shall be the exporter or exporters thereof, such exporter or exporters shall then make oath, or if a known quaker, a so-lomn affirmation in manner aforesaid, as well of the due exportation of the same as of the several particulars herein before directed to be sworn or affirmed to by such exporter or exporters, excepting what relates to the sale of the said sugars or candy, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the arrival of any ship or vessel from any of the Britishi plantations in America, or the West Indies, with sugars on hoard at the port of her discharge in this kingdom, the matter or other person taking charge of the ship or vessel, shall at the time he makes his report of the cargo, deliver to the collector or other chief officer of the revenue such certificate as is ufuully given, or required to be given by the master of such ship loading in and to fail from any of the said colonics to Great Britain, and make oath, or if a known quaker a solemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation the collector or other chief officer of the revenue is hereby empowered and directed to administer, that the goods so reported, are the fame that are mentioned in the said certificate, or in default thereof shall forfeit one hundred pounds; and that all sugar imported without such certificate, shall be deemed to be foreign sugars, not of the growth, product, or manufacture of the British colonies, and shall pay duty accordingly.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That all clayed sugars shall he deemed to be Muscovado sugar within the meaning of this act, and shall pay duty and receive drawback as such, and be subject to the like regulations in every respect.

C» Provided always, That if any sugar shall be imported into this kingdom as being of the growth, product, or manufacture of any Britishi colony or plantation in America, or the West Indies, without being included in such certificate as is herein before directed, and that it shall appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the revenue, that such sugars are really and truly the product, growth, or manufacture of such British plantations or colony, and that no fraud was intended, it shall ami may be lawful for the said commissioners to permit such sugars to be entered upon payment of the like duties, as the fame would be liable to, if they were attended with and included in die certificates herein before mentioned.

1791. Chap. 5

a. And

The shirty-frjl Year of George III. 5 °9

Cl. And for better securing the duty upon coffee to be consumed in this king- A.D. dom, and to the intent that the fame may not be too burthcnfome oil the im- 1791, porters of such coffee as shall be exported to parts beyond the fete *, be it enacted, Chap. 5. That all such coffee as shall be imported into this kingdom upon entry thereof at the custom house, and paying down in ready money net, without any discount or allowance whatsoever, a sum after the rate of three shillings and six pence for every one hundred weight thereof, and securing the remainder of the duty on the importation thereof, in like manner as the duties on tobacco are required by this act Co he fecuTed in cases where the importer delires to warehouse the fame, shall be forthwith carried or put into the king’s warehouse in the like manner, and under the fame regulations as tobacco may be warehoused-, any law cr statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and the importer or importers thereof shall have power to garble and separate such coffee in such warehouses to make it merchantable, and the coffee so brought into such warehouse or warehouses, shall not be taken or carried out from thence upon any account whatsoever, other than as is herein mentioned, that is to say, such of the salt! coffee as shall be sold to be consumed in this kingdom, shall be delivered out of such warehouse or warehouses upon payment of the duty secured thereon by the importer or importers as aforesaid, and for such of the said coffee as shall be exported within three years after import, the duty of three shillings and six pence per hundred so paid upon import, shall be fully drawn back, and the security entered into for the payment of the remaining duties, shall be cancelled and made void.

ClI. And be it enacted, That if the importer or importers of such coffee as shall be so lodged in warehouses as aforesaid, shall not within the space of fifteen months by payment of the said duties so secured, or by debentures upon exportation of said coffee, discharge his or their obligations, but that the coffee, or any- part thereof, shall continue and be (till remaining in the said warehouses for want of payment of any of the duties due thereon, in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or principal officers of the revenue for the time being, at the respective ports, and they are hereby impowered to cause the said* coffee so remaining, to be publicly sold by inch of catulle, first giving the importer or importers thereof fourteen days notice in writing of such intended saie personally, or by (eating such notice at the place cf such importers )alt abode, the product thereof after such saie, first to be applied to the payment of the said security, storage, and all other* charges which may have been incurred, and the overplus, if any, to be rendered and paid to the' importer or other person lawfully authorized to receive the same.

CI(I. Provided always, That the exporter shall perform all the requisites, and give such security as is usual in cases of drawback for not re-landing the same.

CIV. And be it enacted, That no person shall fell by retail, or otherwise deal in coffee, except as an importer thereof, and except such persons as shall have been licensed to fell lea or groceries, without having taken out a license from the collector of the district in which such person shall reside, and for which license a fee of two shillings and no more, shall be paid; and if any such person shall fell by retail, or otherwise deal in coffee as aforesaid, without having taken out any such license as aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

CV. And be it enacted, That every collector who Ihnfl grant a license to any person to deal in or fell coffee by retail, or fell tea or groceries, shall at the time of granting such licens*, give to the person obtaining the fame a certificate thereof, which certificate shall at every time the person or persons so licensed shall purchase any coffee from any'importer of coffee, be produced to such importer, who shall endorse on the back of such certificate the number of packages, and the

5 to The shirtyjifjl Year of George III.

A.D.

H'Jssber of pounds in each, package, the place where, and the time when, and the 1791. "ante of the fltip in which the fame was imported, and the time when the duty Chap. £. Payable in the import thereof was paid, and the name of - the person to whom the v—- fame- shall be fold, and the time of such sale j and such importer, or his known

- clerk, shall sign such endorsement, and such certificate with such endowment as aforesaid, shall be produced to the proper officer for granting permit1;, before such officer-(hall grant a, permit for such coffee, and such officer shall at the-time of granting every such-permit, specify in such endorsement the date and numb'er of the permit, and the place where the same shall be granted,.and sign his name thereto; and upon every transfer of-such coffee,'the like requisites shall be perfo-.>:ed as are directed upon the iirft sale by the ins-, porter; and every such dealer in.coS'ee-shall, on every twenty-fifth day of March, or within ten days -after return to the collector of the distridb in which he shall relide, such certificate, together with all endowments made thereon, or in default thereof, shall forfeit the-.sum of one hundred pounds; and in case the paper on which such certificate shall be granted, Hull before any twenty-fifth day of-March, be filled up by- the endorsements herein directed to be made thereon, then and in

- every such case, every such collector.shall upon such dealer ns aforesaid'delivering

- up to him.such certificate'i’o by him granted, with the said endorsements thereon, grant unto such dealer as aforvfiwd a new certificate, on which such.account of all

coffee to-be-thereafter purchased by him until the twenty-fifth day.of March following, shall be endorsed as aforesaid, and every such collector shall upon receiving from every such dealer as aforesaid, any such. certificate with the endorsements thereon, enter-the fame in a book to be kept by him for that purpose, and forthwith transniit every such certificate with the endorsements thereon, to the commis-fiouers of the revenue, and every such officer who shall grant any such permit as aforesaid, Hull forthwith transimt to the collector of the district to which such cull*, c shall have been permitted, an account of the quantity of such coflee, and

(lie name of the person (0 whom the fame was permitted, who shall notify the same to the gauger of the walk in which such person shall reside, in order that such gauger,.or other officer of excise may view and examine such coffee, and charge . the person to whom such coffee shall have been permitted, with the-duty due and payable thereon.

CVI. And be it enacted, That, all coffee exceeding the weight of two pounds,

which shall be found conveying by land or by water from any one part or place in this kingdom, to any other part or place therein, to any person whatever, and all sacks or bags, calks or vessels containing the fame, shall be forfeited and foized by any officer of the revenue, unless a permit then, in force

under the hand of a proper officer, for the conveyance of such coffee, shall be produced.

C\T1. And be it enacted, That the person or persons to whom such coffee shall be consigned, by virtue of such permit, shall immediately after the arrival of such coffee to the place to which the same shall be sent or directed, give notice in writing to the surveyor of excise, or in his absence to the gauger of the walk in which such coffee shall arrive, of the arrival of the fame, which surveyor or gauger is hereby required to repair to the place where such coffee ff.all then be, and shall then and there carefully examine the fame with such permit, and shall take such permit from the person having a charge of such coffee, and shall upon oath made by fuclt person, winch oath every such surveyor or gauger is hereby authorized to, administer, tb.it the coffee mentioned in such permit, was to the bed of his know ledge and belief, the identical coffee tl.cn produced to such officer, which offic<r dull thereupon, without fee or reward, give the owner or person having charge of fu.cn cefftc a certificate containing a true and particular account of such coffee,

which

The thtity-first Year of George III.

which certificate ffinll be deemed to be of equal authenticity and effect with the original permit, and such furycyor or gauger {lull charge the person or persons to whom such coffee shall have been so conveyed, with the inland or-excise duty payable thereon, and every month make return or report in writing-to the collector of the district, of all such duty on coffee as Avail have been charged with-.in such month.

CVIII. And be it enacted, That all coffee exceeding two pounds, which shall be found in the possession of any person, ether than an importer of coffee, for which a.permit shall not be produced or in case a permit flull have been granted =fcr such coffee, and such certificate as aforesaid gramed'-within twenty-four hours from the expiration of the time limited by such permit, fer the conveyance of such coffee,' in case a Sunday, Christmas-day, or Good-Friday Avail not intervene, or if any of such days shall intervene, then and in case such certificate as aforesaid granted within forty-eight hours, from the expiration of the time limited by such permit as aforesaid, Hull not be produced, then, and in every such case, all such coffee, with the,packages-in which the fame.shall be found, shall be forfeited and seized by any officer of the revenue.

CIX. And be it enacted, That if any importer of coffee shall fell or deliver any coffee to any person whatsoeven, without procuring a permit for such coffee, such importer shall be liable to pay the said inland or excise duty for all such coffee which he or she shall so fell or deliver without such permit, and shall forfeit for every such offence the Turn of one hundred pounds.

CX. And be it enacted, That every retailer and buyer of coffee, shall within -ten days after such return shall be or ought to have been made, pay and clear all' all such duties as shall be due from him, her, or them respectively, for and on account of all such coffee as shall have been sold by him, or permitted to any person within the said month.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That if any such retailer or buyer of coffee shall omit or refuse to give such notice of the arrival of any coffee to btm or her as aforesaid, or shall omit or refuse to deliver up such permit as aforesaid, or shall not within the time herein appointed for that purpose, pay off* ami discharge all duties so returned as a charge on him, her, or them respectively, lie, (lie, or they respectively, shall forfeit the fuin of fifty pounds.

CXII. And to the end that the officers of the revenue'niay be tlur better enabled to keep a regular flock account on all importers of, and other dealers in coffee, be it enacted, That every importer, retailer of, or dealer in coffee, who shall have or hold in his, her, or their custody, power, or possession, or in the cuiloffy o<’ any other person or persons for his or her use, any quantity of coffee either of his or her property, or the property of any other person or persons, shall, on every twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, or within ten days aft.r, gite ami deliver to the collector of the district where such person or persons shall retide, a true account in writing of his or her name, and place or places of abode, and of the true quantity of coffee which such person shall at the time of giving in such account, have in his or her custody, power or possession, or in the poflUlion of any other person or persons, for his or her use; which account ll.all a’so set lorth the number of packages, and diffinguiffi the quantity contained in each of them, an l the particular ware houses, store houses, cellars, or other i laces here the same shall then be, which account shall be signed by such retailer of, or dealer iu colli, e as aforesaid, or one of his or her known clerks, with his or her name and place of abode, in which account shall be contained all such flock as aforefml, as he or flic had on the said respective days; and in case any such retailer cf, or de.iicr iu coffee as aforesaid, shall neglect to give in any such account as aforesaid at the re-6 N l spective

A.D. 1791.

C hap. 5.

The thirty-first Year of George III.

j) speckive times, and in such manner and form as is herein diiefted and required,

such person shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and

in case any such account shall appear to be fulfe or fraudulent, all such coflee, of

which no account, or of which a false or fraudulent account shall be given, and the packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of the revenue, and die person or persons so offending, shall forfeit treble the value thereof.

CXIII. And be it enacted, That no feller of, or dealer in coffee, shall receive

out of any of such warehouses as aforesaid, any less quantity of coffee than one hundred pounds weight at any one time, and no permit shall be granted for the conveyance from the importer of coffee to any person of any quantity of coffee less than one hundred pounds weight*

CXIV. And for the preventing the cUndeftme importation of coffee into this kingdom, be it enacted, That if any person shall import or bring any coffee into this kingdom, and shall not make due entry thereof, and pay the duty thereon, or bring the fame into such warehouse or warehouses in manner as herein directed, the fame Hull be, and is hereby taken to be clandestinely run, and unlawfully imported; and such coffee, together with- the packages containing the fame, and all horses and carriages carrying and drawing-the fame shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of the revenue.

CXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any doubt shall arlfe whether the custom or inland duty payable for any coffee which shall be seized in pursuance of this act, hath been duly paid, or that the fame, or any part thereof hath been condemned as forfeited, and sold at a custom-house sale, the proof thereof shall lie on the owner or claimer thereof, or the person or persons on whom the same shall be found, and not on the officer.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any officer of the revenue, at any time by day, to enter into all or any the warehouses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, and other places made use of by any person or persons felling coffee by wholesale or retail, for keeping or making such coffee; and by weighing, gauging, or otherwise to take an account of the quantity thereof, which shall at any timp be in his, her, or their custody, in the weighing whereof, the owner or owner? of such coffee, or some person on his, her, or their behalf, shall be aiding and afliffing to such officers, and shall keep sufficient just weights-and fealestobe made use of by such officers for- that purpose; and.if any coffee-house keeper, or any other person or persons, felling or dealing in coffee by wholesale or retail, shall hinder or refuse permission to such officers, or any of them, to enter into his, her, or their warehouses, storehouses, rooms, fliops, cellars, vaults, or other places, or to take such account as aforesaid; or neglect to keep and furnish such officer with sufficient just weights and fcalcs, to be made, use of by fuch1 officer for the purposes aforesaid; or shall keep any false weights or feales, or shall neglect or refuse to assist such officer in weighing such coffee as aforesaid; or shall hinder or obstru£b-any officer in the execution of the powers and authorities given to him by this act; every person offending therein shall for every such'offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

CXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to import any coffee into this kingdom, save at the ports where tobacco may by law be warehoused; and if any ship or vessel shall be found within the limits of any port, haven or creek within this kingdom, having coffee on board in any packages whatsoever, or shall be discovered so to have been, save only and except in case of unavoidable necessity and distress, of which necessity and distress the master, purser, or person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall immediately after the

arrival

The thirty-frji Year of George III. 513

arrival of such ship or vefiVl in such pert, haven or creek, give notice in wilting, A.D.

and make proof before the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, resident|j t

at the neared port where such ship or vessel shall arrive; such ship or vessel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, and also all such codec shall be forfeited.

CXVfll. And be it further enacted, That all colTec in any package containing less than one hundred and twelve pounds weight, shall be seized and forfeited if found on board any ship, vessel, or boat, in any port or harbour of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the (bore thereof, or shall be discovered so to have been although bulk shall not appear to have been broken, or any of such coffee run or attempted to have been run, out of such ship, vessel, or boat, save only and except in case of unavoidable necessity and distress, of which necessity and dlflrcfs the mailer, purser, or person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel in any bay, harbour, river, or creek of, or belonginitig to this kingdom, give notice in writing, and make proof before the collector or other chief officer resident at the neared port where such ship or vessel shall arrive.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, other than such as by this act are otherwise appointed, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied in such manner and form, and by such ways and.means, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an act of parliament made in the foutteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the fccoud, entitled, An act for the settling of the txdfe and new intpofi upon his Majesty, his heirs and fuecefforsy according, to the bosh of rates therein infer ted \ or by any other law or laws relative to his Majesty's revenue, as fully and effectually to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and re-enacted in this act, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who shall think iiir , her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act of excise is provided.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue and be in force for the space of one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and no longer.

CHAP. VJ.

An Act for granting the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds to the Duhiln Society, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an act passed in this kingdom this present session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting for one year the several duties therein spee'tfiedy during the said term, and for continuing the ejfcfl of a treaty of commerce and navigation betwten his Majesty and the mofl Chrtftian king, cud for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majesty's colonies, and for other purposes therein menli-cmd\ the furn of forty-seven thousand five hundred pounds, was granted to be applied in such manner as parliament should direct, for the advancement of trade, and manufactures, and the maintenance of hospitals, charities, and public itifti-tutions, and for the further improvement of this kingdom, by building churches, and other public works: be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by

V 0 l. XV. O and

5 h The thirtj-first Year of George III.

A.D.

and with the advice and-consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons 17QT, >n this present parliament assembled, and by the -authority of the same,.That five

Chan *6/ -thousand pounds, part of the said-sum of- forty-seven thousand five hundred pounds, be given to the Dublin‘Society, fortheimprovement of husbandry,-and other ufefuharts, to be applied by them in manner’herein'mentioned, and 'to be. paid by. the vice.treasurer or vice-tTcaferers,'receiver or receivers-general, his or their deputy-or* deputies, -without any further or other warrant* to be-'had, amt sued

: for, or obtained in that behalf.

II.'. And be it further enacted, That.thrce thousand pounds; part of the said sum . of five thousand pounds,' shall be applied by the said focietyto the encouragement of agriculture-and planting, and finiftung the repository -for implements of husbandry, and the remaining two thousand pounds in- manner following j that is to say, two' hundred and’fifty pounds to the encouragement. of the-glass manufacture, three hundred and fifty pounds thereof to the encouragement of spinning wool-by jennies, and for the improvement of the art or* worsted weaving, three hundred pounds for the improvement of the art of spinning worsted warps with wheels constructed on the model of those used in England for that purpose, and in premiums to the distresses of the several charter schools who shall have any number of girls, notless than ten, instructed in the said art, the said sum to be paid in' such proportions, and after such manner, and on such conditions as the said society shall direct; the sum of three hundred pounds towards providing and maintaining a botanic garden; and the remaining sum of eight hundred pounds for the payment of salaries to officers of the society,'the support of fehcols for drawing, and other useful sciences, in promoting arts, and for the encouragement of such manufactures as are not, or Hull not be entitled to receive any bounties whatsoever, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament made heretofore, or during this session of parliament, in such manner, time and times, and by such ways and methods as the said society shall think proper; any law, bye-law, usage, or custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That in the distribution or appointment of the said sum of two hundred and fifty pounds for the encouragement of the glass manufacture, two-fifth parts thereof shall be applied to the encouragement of the fame in Dublin and its environs, one fifth in Cork, one fifth in Waterford, and one fifth in Belfast.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That two thirds at the least of whatever balance may remain in the treasurer of said society’s hands after the first day of May, one thousand -seven hundred and ninety, of the fund appropriated for the encouragement of manufactures, and arts, shall be applied to the encouragement of agriculture and planting, in such manner as the said society (lull! think proper; any law, bvedaw, usage, or custom to the contrary in-3ny wise notwithstanding.

CHAP.

The thirty-f.rjl Year of George III. 515

A.D. 1791.

CHAP. VII.

An Act for granting the several Sums therein mentioned, foi certain Pious and Charitable Purposes.

WHEREAS by an act passed in this session of parliament, entitled, An r:KI.ifl.1 qB for granting for one year the several duties therein specifed, during the said temiy and for continuing the elseSt of a treaty of commerce and navigation between his Majesty and the tnof Chrifian king, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majestfs colonies, and for other purposes therein mentioned\ the sum of forty-seven thousand five hundred pounds, was granted to be applied in such manner as parliament should direct, for the advancement of trade and manufactures, and the maintenance of hospitals, charities, and public institutions, and the further improvement of this kingdom by building churches and other public works: be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the sum of thirty-eight thousand five hundred pounds of the said sum of forty-seven thousand five hundred pounds, be applied to the pious and charitable uses herein after mentioned, that is to say, that the sum of five thousand pounds, part of the said sum of thirty-eight thousand five hundred pounds, be granted to the board of first fruits, for building new churches, and rc-building old churches in such parishes as no public divine service has been performed in for twenty years Jail past; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said board to apply such part of the said grant of five tluuf.inJ pounds to the encouragement of the building of glebe houses, upon such terms as they shall think fit; that the sum of twelve thousand pounds, part of the said sum of thirty-eight thousand five hundred pounds, be given to the incorporated society, as a full provision for supporting the protestant charter schools of this kingdom, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety two; that the sum of eleven thousand five hundred pounds, part of the said sum of thirty eight thousand five hundred pounds, be given to the governors of the foundling ltospital and work-house, towards enabling them to discharge the debts by them contrafted for the use of that charity, and towards supporting their necessary expences; that the sum of eight thousand pounds, part of the said sum of thirty eight thousand five hundred pounds, be given to the corporation for the relief of the poor in the city of Dublin, for the support of the house of industry, in aid of the charitable contributions, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; that the sum of one thousand pounds, part of the said sum of thirty-eight thousand five hundred pounds, be given to the governors of the Hibernian school for the support of that charity; and that the sum of one thousand pounds, the remainder of the said sum of thirty-eight thousand five hundred pounds, be given to the Hibernian marine society, towards supporting the said charity.

II. And be it enacted, That the said several sums by this act granted, be paid by the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver-general or receivers-general of this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, without any further or other warrant to lie fii Ju for, had, or obtained in that behalf.

6 O 2

CHAP.

The thirty-first Year of George III.

CHAP. VIII.

An Act for granting the Sum of Four Thotfand Pounds do the Trtiflees of the Linen Manufacture, and for other Purfofes.

WHEREAS by an act passed in this kingdom this present session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting for one year the several duties thenin mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable upon the articles therein specifed during the said term, and for continuing the ejftft of a treaty of commerce and navigation between his Majesty and the most ChriJUan ting, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majests colonies, and for other purposes therein mentioned; the sum of forty-seven thousand five hundred pounds was granted to be applied in such manner as parliament should direct, for the advancement of trade and manufactures, and the maintenance of hospitals, charities, and public institutions, and the further improvement of this kingdom, by building churches, and other public works: be it enacted by the king’s most excellent' Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That two thousand pounds, part of the said sum of forty-seven thousand five hundred pounds, be given for one year to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-twc, to the trustees of the linen manufacture, to encourage the railing sufficient quantities of hemp and flax in tlus kingdom.

II. And be it enacted, That a further sum of two thousand pounds, also a part of the said sum of forty-seven thousand five hundred pounds, be given to the said trustees of the linen manufacture, for the encouragement of the hempen and flaxen manufactures during the said time, in the provinces of Leinster, Munster, and Connaught, the said sums of two thousand pounds, and two thousand pounds to be paid by the viee-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver or reccivers-general of this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf.

III. And whereas the cultivation and saving of flax-feed, was formerly much discouraged by the bounties on the importation of foreign feed: and whereas the premiums heretofore granted for sowing and saving flax-feed in this kingdom, have tended much to promote a sufficient supply of Irish flax-feed, be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two inclusive, no bounty or premium shall be paid for, or on account of any flax-feed or Jin-feed imported into this kingdom, any law to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the sum of seven thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, Hull be applied to encourage the growth of flax-feed in this kingdom, the said funi to be paid out of such monies as the bounties on imported flax-feed were usually paid out of, or out of all or any of the aids or duties granted this session of parliament, the lame to be paid by the vice-troafurers, receiver or reccivers-general, his or their deputy or deputies, to the trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures, without any further or other warrant to be fusd for, had or obtained in that behalf.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees shall, and they are hereby required, at such time or times as shall appear to them most proper, to propose and publitli piemiums for encouraging the growth of flax, and promoting a fuf-

fieient

The thirtyfirfl Year of George III. 517

uciem supply of Irish flax.feed, in all or any of the counties of this kingdom, and »n such proportions and to be claimed under such restrictions and regulations as they shall think proper.

V. Provided always, That every claim for every such premium shall be made before, and shall be adjudged in manner herein after mentioned by the f..id trustees, on the report upon oath of such of their officers as they shall appoint for that purpose, previous-to the spring affixes in the year one thousand seven hundred and nine:y-two.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so soon as the said trustees shall have determined and published the proportions of money to'be distributed in each county for such premiums, tltcy shall.give notice thereof to such of their officers as they {lull appoint for that purpose, who are hereby required to post, or cause to be posted, a copy of such notice, specifying tn such notice the time and.place of payment, on the door of the county court-house, within twelve days after he shall have received the same.

VII. And be :it further enacted, That itffiall and may be lawful for the fai'd trustees, and they are hereby required to appoint one of their inspectorts, or some other proper person, to attend at the time and place so specified, and there to remain a sufficient time for the purpose of paying the said premiums,

VIII. And'bc it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every per fun appointed by the said trustees, to pay the find premiums, whether he be in-spefter or other person, to have, receive, and keep for his own use, us a reward for his trouble and attendance, the sum of sixpence, for every twenty shillings which he shall pay^to any person for premiums adjudged as aforesaid.

IK. And be it further enacted, That every inspector or other person appointed to pay such-premiums, having received such money as aforesaid, Hull pay upon demand, without any other fee or-reward than as aforesaid, to every person to whom any premiums shall be adjudged, the full amount of the,premiums so adjudged to him, her, cr them, deducing thereout such parts 'thereof as shall be tUrctted by the said trustees for the payment of surveyors or inspectors, every which deduction shall be paid for the survey or inspection by such person, in manner required by the said trustees; and every such inspector or other person, shall enter all payments by him made, and monies by him received, in a book to be by him kept for that purpose; and shall at the summer assizes, lay before the grand jury, his account of all such monies received and paid by him, verified by affidavit, to be by him sworn before one of the judges of affile fur such county; and shall fend or deliver a duplicate thereof, verified in like manner to the fecrc-tary, or other chief officer of the said trustees, within one month afrer such assizes.

X. And be it further enacted, That all sums of money heretofore issued to the treasurer of any counties, and which remain in their hands after payments of all claims adjudged by the respective grand juries, or majority of persons who com* pose the fame, and after payment of all such fees and deductions as aforef;..*, and likewise all sums of money which (lull-or may be issued to them, or the in-ipe&ors or any other person or persons for payment of claims, to be adjudged at any ensuing affixes, and whit h shall remain In their hands afrer payment of all claim!; so adjudged, and of all such fees and deductions as aforesaid, shall and may be applied for encouraging the growth of flax-feed in this kingdom, in such manner as the said trustees shall direct from time to time, and shall be paid upon demand by every such treasurer, inspector, or other person, to the order of the fid trustees, without fee or reward.

XI. Provided always, That if any such treasurer shall be required by t^e said trustees to pay any such remaining sum or sums, or any part thereof, to encourage Vol. XV. ' 0\> t.e

A. L\ 1791. Chap. ft.

-1 , S The thirty-jirfl Year of George III.

*' D- " ^o*.v:h of (hx-feed, within the county whereof he is treasurer, he shall and , _y j may deduct, and take and receive to his own use, for his trouble andexpence therein,

1 turn after the rate of sixpence for each pound which he shall pay, and no more.

X!. And be it further enacted, That if any inspector or other person, shall cr./.t to post on the door of the county court-house, such notice as aforesaid, with* in twelve days after he shall have received the fame, or shall omit to fend the fe-oictiry, or other chief officer of the said trustees, a copy of the entries hereby directed within the time herein before appointed; or if any inspector or other -jurson, Hull omit to verify by affidavit his account, or to lay his account in manner aforesaid, before the grand jury, or to fend or deliver a duplicate thereof, verified in like manner, to the said secretary, or other chief officer of the said trustees, as herein before directed; every such inspector or other person shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, In a court of proper jurisdiction, by any person who shall sue for the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such inspector or other person, shall refuse to pay upon demand, to any person to whom any such premium shall be adjudged, the full amount of such premium, having money applicable thereto -in his hands, making such dedu£lions only as aforesaid, or shall negle£fc or refuse

to pay such dfjuftions upon demand, for any such survey or inspection which the said tfuftpes shall order, or shall neglect or refuse to pay upon demand, to the order of the said trustees, without fee or reward, all such sums as shall or may remain in his hands after payment of, or retaining In his hands, a sum sufficient for the payment of all claims adjudged as aforesaid, he shall upon being legally convicted thereof, forfeit the fuin of forty pounds for every such offence, to the party injured, to be recovered by civil bill as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any inspector or other person so appointed, shall have reasonto believe that any claim has been fraudulently made, ft shall and may be lawful for him to refuse paying the fame, until he dial) receive further orders thereupon from the said trustees.

CHAP. IX.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Export action of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS the encouraging of various branchesof linen and hempen ma-manufnidures, and of certain manufactures made of (ilk, by bounties on export, will tend to promote and enlarge the fame, and it is needssary that the payment' of such bounties should be under certain regulations and restrictions; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majestyrby and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament- assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every exporter,- or feller for exportation of plain Irish linen, Irish chequed or striped linen, and Irish huckabacks, diapers; theetings, and other specles of linens, upwards of a-yard in breadth,' and of printed, painted, stained, or dyed Irish linens, callicoes, cottons, or cottons mixed with linen, to any places on the exportation to which bounties are payable, (halt in the entry of such goods at the port of exportation, exprefe the quantity then of; and the value, exclusive of all printing, painting, (tuning or dying, and Itkewife elides fe on the cockct granted upon such entry, the true quantity and value of fiie

linens,

The ihiri'j-first Year of George III.

linens, or other goods intended to be shipped, and shall before he receives such A.D.

bounty, produce a certificate from the searcher or other proper officer appointed 1791,

to see the fame shipped, verifying the shipping thereof, and likewise give sufficient Chap. 9, security to the collector or other chief officer of tl.e poit in the penalty of double -

the value of the goods intended to be exported, and of one hundred pounds more, which security every such collector or other officer is hereby empowered and required to take by bond payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, conditi-

oned that such linens, diapers, huckabacks, (heetings, or other species of linens, callicoes, or cottons, or cottons mixed, so shipped, or intended to be shipped, or any part thereof, shall not be landed or brought upon shore again in any part or parts of Great Britain, Ireland, or the Isle of Man; and shall also before lie receives any bounty, make oath, or if a known quaker make affirmation, which oath or affirmation the said officer is hereby empowered to administer, of the value of such linens, callicoes, cottons, or cottons mixed, and that the fame were made in Ireland.

II. And be it enacted, That the exporter of all Irish made sail-cloth or canvas shall, before he receives any bounty, make oath, or if a known quaker make affirmation, which oath cr affirmation the proper officer of the revenue at the port where the same shall be shipped, is hereby empowered to administer that such sail-cloth or canvas was made in Ireland, and is actually exported, or shipped to he exported without any intention to be landed in any part of Great Britain, Ireland, the Isle of Man, France, or the French dominions in Europe, and that no former reward or bounty on export, has been paid for the same.

III. And for the better credit of the said manufactures, and to prevent frauds in obtaining bounties thereon; be it further enacted, That if the trustees of the hempen and linen manufactures shall appoint any person or persons at any of the ports in this kingdom, to inspect linens intended to be exported on bounty, and shall give notice thereof in writing to the* commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, no bounty shall be paid after such notice at any port at which such person Hull be appointed to inspect, unless it shall appear to the surveyor or other officer at the port, by some stal or mark affixed to each package of linens, by such person or persons in manner herein after mentioned, that he has examined the fame, nor unless it shall also appear by the certificate of such person or persons, that such linens are of good, found, and merchantable quality.

IV. And in order to prevent abuses in obtaining such bountyj be it further en-atted, That it shall and may be lawful for any surveyor, or other officer of the revenue, after the entry of any linens or other goods, as being entitled to bounty, and before and after die shipping thereof, to open and examine any bale, truss, or other package, to fee if the goods are duly entered and endoifed on the cncket; and if on any such examination the same shall be found to be duly entered and en* doifed, the officer shall at his own charge, cause the same to be repacked, u.’uch chaTge shall be allowed to such officer by the commissioners of the revenue, Vi they shall think it reasonable.

V. And be it further enacted, That if upon view and examination by the proper ofliem of the revenue, it shall appear that all or any piece or pieces of linen, chequed or striped linen, printed, painted, (billed, or dyed linen, callico, cotton, or cotton mixed, which shall be entered for exportation, as entitled to bounty, is or are of greater value than one finding and seven pence halfpenny psr yard, exclusive of any value arising from its being painted, printed, staineu or dyed|or that any piece or pieces of diaper, huckaback, (hetting, or other species of linen, upwards of one yard in breadth, which shall be entered for exportation, as entitled to the bounty hereby granted, is or are of greater value than one shilling and fevert pence halfpenny the fqu;.re yard, that then and in every such case, the exporter or feller of such linen for exportation shall, upon demand made in writing

6 V 1 by

5-°

The ikirty-fijl 2'tcii of vhec-rge III.

A. X). 'v surveyi-r of the port where such goods anti merchandizes arc enicr».d, d<- r. ... k* w*. ,»*-r, a, i«. u«,.i...;

port, with the privity of the collector or other -chief-officer shall, out of any money hi the hands of such collector, applicable thereto, pay to such exporter cr frll-jr for exportation, the value of one Doffing and eight pence halfpenny per yard; and also if the fame be printed,-painted, Rained,-or dyed, the full value, eoft, ami expence of such printing, painting, staining or dying, taking a receipt for the fame from such exporter or feller for exportation, in full'satisfaction for such goods, as if they had been regularly fold; and the comir/.ffioners of the revenue shall cause such goods to be fairly and publicly sold to the bell advantage, and out of the produce thereof, the money so paid or advanced as aforesaid, fli.dl be repaid 'to such collector, to be replaced to the account of his Majesty's revenue; and if any overplus shall remain after defraying the expences of such sale, and the necessary charges incident thereto, one moiety of such overplus :shall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, towards defraying the expences of his Majesty's government, and the other moiety to.rhe proper oflicers who shall have fe^-rched and examined such linens.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall CfitCT for exportation :mv linen, c.diion, cotton, or cotton mixed, at any value exclusive of the value of us being primed, painted, Rained, or dyed, not exceeding the vaiuc of one dulling and seven pence halfpenny per yard, or any diaper, huckaback, (heeling, or oilier linen, upwards of a yaid in breadth, at any value as aforesaid, not exceeding one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per square yard, ami which upon view and ex itnination of the proper officer of the revenue shall be thought lo be of greater value before -its being printed, painted, Rained, or dyed, than one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per yard or square yard respectively; a».d fiuii tvi demand made in writing by the ftirveyor, or other officer of the port where Auh linen is entered for exportation, refuse to deliver, or cause to be delivered, all or any one of the pieces of such linen, diaper, or huckaback, -or (heet-i:ig, into his Majesty's warehouse at such port, for the use and benefit of the crown, and to receive from the -find officers of the revenue at the said port, the value of one stuffing and eight pence halfpenny per yard, -or square yard reflectively for such linen, together with the value, cost, or expence of printing, dying, painting, or Raining the fame, as the fame maybe, in full satisfaction for the same; or if the piopcr officers of the revenue shall, upon, view or-examination, find any such linen which shall be entered for exportation, at the vahic of six pence halfpenny per yard, or above that value, not exceeding one stuffing and seven pence halfpenny/rr yard, to be under the value as aforesaid, of six pence halfpenny per yard, or which shall be entered at the value of flve pence per yard, or above that value, and jiot amounting to the value of six pence halfpenny per yard, to be under the value ns aforesaid, of five pence per yard; or if any such-linen fluII be less in quantity than find be expressed in the said endorsement, on the said entry or cockei, nr shall' not be of the breadth of twenty-five inches at the least, or of the breadth of one yard, i£fo entered; or if the same shall be entered or endors'd under a wrong denomination, whereby the said bounty, or any part there-of* might have been fraudulently obtained, that then and in every such case, all such linen, callico, carton, or cotton mixed, which shall be so refused to be delivered, or that shall be under the value as aforesaid, of six pence halfpenny p:T yard, or live pence per yard respectively, or shall appear to be Icfs in quantity than expressed in such endorsement, or be under the breadth of twenty-five inches, cr one yard rcfncflive y, or entered or endorsed under a wrong denomination, and also the goods contained in all and every package or packages endorsed on such

ecu?

The tb'irtj-jirjl Tear, of George III.

entry or cockct, shall be forfeited, together with such package or packages', ami shall nml may be fcizctl by any officer or officers of the revenue, and the owner or merchant shall not be entitled to receive any bounty for such goods.

VII. And to prevent !-:*en of bad quality, or fraudulently made up, from being exported, be it further enacted, That after notice given as aforesaid to the said commissioners) no bounty shall be paid on any such linen, cullico, cotton, Cotton mixed, diaper, or huckaback, which shall be exported as aforesaid, out of any port where any inspector or other person shall be appointed, unless such inspector or other person to be appointed as aforesaid by the trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures, shall by some seal or mark affixed to each package thereof, certify his having examined the fame, cr shall, in the presence of the fuf-veyor or other officer of the revenue, examine the fame, and affix his seal dr mark thereto.

Vlff. And be it further enacted, That if any plain, chequed, or flriped Irish linen, or stained, painted, printed, or dyed Irish linen, callico, cotton, or cotton mixed, diaper, huckaback, (heeling, or sail-cloth, or canvas, for which the bounty shall have been given or chimed, shall be landed in Great Britain, Ireland, the Isle of Man, France, or the French dominions in Europe, the exporter or exporters thereof shall forfeit the fame, or the value thereof; and every person'concerned in bringing back, or landing the same as aforesaid, Aral! forfeit one shilling for every yard or square -yard of such linen, callico, cotton, or cotton mixed respectively, and two shillings for every el! of such canvas or sail-cloth so brought back or landed.

IX. And be it enacted, That no allowance shall be given upon the exportation from lienee, of any manufacture made in this kingdom of fllk, or silk mixed with any other material, unless oath, or in the case cf a known quaker solemn affirmation, be made by the exporter, before such collector or other officer of the pott of exportation which oath or affirmation such officer is hereby impowered and required to adnrimltor, that such goods are of Irish manufacture, and exported or -intended to be exported, as the case may be, and not relanded or intended to be -rclauded in any pan of Ireland.; and on the exporters giving sufficient securhy to the said collector or other officer of the per?, which feenrity any such officer is impowered to take in the name, and to the' use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-eeflors, by bond, in the penalty of the value of the goods conditioned that such goods shall not be relanded or brought on shore again in any port or place in this kingdom, and for such part of such goods as shall be entered for, or landed in Great Britain, the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, a condition of the said bond shall be to bring a certificate in discharge thereof, within six calendar months after the date of the said bond, which certificate shall be sign--ed by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs there, and for want of such officers refuting* in any of the said then by the governors of those

islands, or by the deputy governors thereof respectively, and for such of the said goods as shall be entered for, or landed in any of his Majesty's plantations in America, or in the British dominions in the West Indies, or the Britishi fctiiements on the coast of Africa, a condition of the bond shall be to bring a certificate within -eighteen months after the date of such bond, signed by the officer or officers usually signing certificates of a like nature there, importing that such goods were landed, and testifying the landing thereof; and for such silks, stuffs, or other ma-nufactures as aforesaid, as shall be so entered for any foreign pert or place, a ‘condition of the bond shall be to bring a certificate under the common seal of the chief magistrate, in such par; or place, cr under the hand* and fealc of two known British merchants, then being r.t such port or place, that surh silks or other mu* nufactures were there landed; which certificates fhr.H rcfr-f'ClIveiy testify that such

Vo u XV. ft goodr

22 The tlnrly-fiji Year of- George III.

A.D.

goods were landed at the places from whence such certificates shall have been

iycji. given, and when produced, and duly proved, shall respectively be a full and suffi-

: Chap. 9. c'ent Charge for such bonds so respectively entered into; or in case such goods were taken by enemies, or periffied in the seas, such bonds shall be discharged

upon/atisfa&ory proof thereof being made before the commissioners of the revenue for the time being, or any four or more of them.

X-'And for-better preventing frauds en the entering of any* such goods- under a wrong denomination, to the prejudice of his Majesty's revenue,- be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for any searcher, or any proper officer

of the revenue, at any time- after the entry of any such goods, and before or after > the shipping thereof, to open and examine cverybale, truss, chest, or other pack-.age*, and if on such examination the:goods shall be found to be rightly entered,

' the officer shall, at his own charge,' cause the same to be repacked, to the satis-: /action of the exporter, which charge (hall-be allowed to such officer by the com-jniifioners of the revenue, if they shall think it reasonable > but in case such officer

shall'find such goods, or any, part thereof, to-have been entered under a wrong -.denominationj whereby his Majesty might have been defrauded* in the allowance *. to be paid on the exportation of such goods, contrary to the true intent-end'meaning liercof, all such.godds so falsely entered,-(hall be forfeited,- and may be seized

and the perlbtt or persone making or causing such -false entry to be-made,- shall forfeit double the value of such goods.

XI. Provided always, That no allowance: flrali-'be* demanded or*made'for any of such m:inufj£lurcs of (ilk mixed with, gold and silver, where they are only mixed at the edges ot ends of the pieces,- nor for. any- of such manufactures of {ilk mixed with-other- materials, unless- two-thirds at-lead of the ends of threads of the warp be all* G-lk,-or mixed or twilled with silk in the warp, so* that such (ilk shall -be apparent, nor. -unless the;-silk therein, used (lull; be at* the lead double the -value of the-allowance intended-to be-obtained-on the exportation thereof, and if any deubts-shall arise whether such goods or manufactures were made in - Ireland, or touching the quality of* such goods or manufactures, therproof shall lie

on the exporter, claimer, or owner thereof, and not on the officer.

-XII.- And be it enacted, That all. bounties and allowances on the exportation of the manufactures aforesaid, shall be paid out of all or any of the monies arising ’ from dll or any of the duties granted by parliament, and not appropriated to any; particular purpose,: in the hands of the collector of the jwrt where, such goods: shall be shipped for exportation.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the -said 'bounties shall ’be paid on 'demand, without fee or reward, lo the exporter or feller/or exportation,* subject to the several regulations herein contained.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That oil-the penalties and forfeitures afore, /aid, shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, by such ways, means, rules, and directions, and with such powers as are appointed, ‘directed, and expressed,:in and by an act nude in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty Charles the/econd, entitled. An wa9 for the settluig of the exefe, and new impoji upitt his Alajfly, his ban and fucctflrs^ according to the book of rates therein inferud; or by any other law now' in force relative to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, concerning the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned, as fully and d/eriually as if the fame were particularly mentioned, specified, and enabled in this att, with like remedy of appeal for the party aggrieved, as in and fcy\the said act of excise, or any other law or laws now of force.relative to the duty of excise is provided-

CHA A\

*?she thirtj-frjl Year of George III. ‘CHAP. X.

S23

A.D. 1791.

'An Act for granting to His Majesty, 'His Heirs and Successors,

certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of

all'.hetters and Packets within this Kingdom.

FOR the better support of your Majesty's government, and the convenience £Ir;red.

of trade; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and-with the advice and consent of the lords-spiritual-and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and-ninety-one, until the twenty-fifth day of March* one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two in-. elusive, and.no. longer, -it shall and may be lawful to and for the post-master general of this kingdom for the time being, and his deputy and deputies, servants -andagents,-to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to demand, have, receive, and take for the,portage-and conveyance of all letters-and packets which he shall convey, carry or fend poll, to and from places within this kingdom, according to the several 'Tates and sums of money herein after mentioned, ithat is to say, for the port and conveyance of every fmgle letter or piece of paper,

-from the office in this kingdom, where-such letter or piece ot paper shall be put in, to -any difiance within the fame not exceeding fifteen miles Irish measure, the ‘fum of two.pencej and to any distance exceeding fifteen-miles and not exceeding ’thirty mile?,- the sum-of-three pence; and to any distance exceeding thirty miles, the Cum of four pence.*, and for the -.port or conveyance of every double letter, double the said sums respectively.; and for every treble letter, treble the said sums respectively; and for every ounce weight, four times the said sums-respectively.; and Co in proportion for any.greater weight-titan an ounce, reckoning every quarter of an ounce equal.to a fmgle letter,; and that all letters and packets directed from.any place in this kingdom -to.any part or parts in Great Britain, or beyond - the Teas, or received in this kingdom from Great Britain, or any part or part* be* yond the:fca$, shall be charged and pay for their,portage and-conveyance within this kingdom,-from or to Dublin, Waterford, or Donughadee, or any other, port where.packet boats for the conveyance of-letters to and from this kingdom, arc or may be established, as they shall respectively be shipped from, or landed in any of theifjid-.places, according to the rates aforesaid; and that every letter or;pact:et parting-through vthe general post office'in the city of Dublin, from any place within this.kiijgdom.not.less distant than four miles from the general post.oflice in the said city, to any place within the said kingdom not less difiant than four miles :from the general poll-office in the said xity, ftlitl}’be charged and.pay according to :the distances herein before mentioned to Dublin, -ami be further charged and, pay according torthe fame rates-from.Dublin; and that for every lcuei\or:pjcket di-«rc£led outboard, orbrought or.sent from on board any-ship or vefll-1-riding or flopping in any-port within this kingdom, there shall be charged and ,p jit! to-his Majesty, his-heirs and successors,.over-and above the.rai.es aforesaid, the sum of one penny.

II. Arnl'be it further eiufted, That if shall and maybe lawful to aitd'forhis Majesty's polUmsiftor general of this kingdom, and his deputies, ami he and they are hereby required to demand and.receive for the port and.conveyance of ah l.f-6 Q^2 teni

Ol

The tlirly-firs, Yeor r/'Gcorcc ill.

A. IX

‘79' Chap. i o.

iers at:.! packets for Ireland iV.tu Great l.m.iin, or v':s:z t pa;:., > n

the rate* of portage hereby reivr'. e-.l, ate: tarti.er rates<*t portage now ..r hereafter shall be charged for the conv-.r.vi.'-c oi such }c*tera end ps-.M.;-, b‘ m*v

;\-£l or acts now made or hcT*;.;{v. c to b: nude by the parliament of Gre.t Brl'.i':’: and that his Majesty's poll-master jror.er.ii <-i this kingdom Avail, arid lie i> herrby quthori/ed anti required to account for and pay the same quarterly to therevcni:- the potl-ortice of Great Britain; and that there shall be paid to his Majesty, hl$ heir* and successors, for the delivery of every British or foreign printed nevripapen and for every printed vote or proceeding in parliament, arriving at the gener.il . post-oflice in Dublin, Waterford, or Donaghadee, or any other port, where such packet boats as aforesaid are or shall be established, from Great Britain, without covers, or in covers open at the Tides, the sum of one penny, over and above die portage which may be charged thereon, and accounted for to Great Britain; and in like manner there shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the port and conveyance, through this kingdom, of every printed newspaper directed from any part of Ireland to any part of Great Britain without covers, or in cover* open at the (ides, the sum of one penny, and no more, which sum of one penny shall be paid on the delivery of every such newspaper at the post-oJ&ce from when<-it is dispatched in this kingdom.

III. And be it emitted. That it Audi and may be lawful to a».d for the port* rtarter -c-iicral for the time being, and his deputies, from and after the twenty-

fifth <5..y of March, one thousand feveit hundred and ninety-one, until ihrtaen fifth day of Mir h, one tlio-if.iti.! seven hundred and ninety-two inelufire, end ro longer, to do ‘-and, have, iccdve and take for the portage and conveyance cr ad letters and packets conveyed by the penny port, according to the several rates herein after mentioned; that is to say, that for the port ami conveyance of sr.v letter or packet, not -being more than four ounces in weight, from and to any place within the limits of the find city of Dublin, as the said limits are now dcfcriWd ami ascertained by a survey thereof, made on the tenth day of July, one thousand sewn hundred amffrraity-three, l>y Thomas Mathews sworn surveyor of the said ei:y of Dublin, there-(hall be paid at the time of putting such letter or packet into the penny post-oflice, the sum of one penny 5 and for the port and conveyance of every letter or packet not exceeding the like weight, from or to any place beyond the said limits so ascertained as aforesaid, from or to any place within the circuit of the penny post-oflice, there shall be paid at the time of putting in such letter or packet, the sum of one penny, and a further sum of one penny on the delivery thereof; and that for every letter or packet of any weight which shall b.c sent to or delivered from the general penny port office by the penny port, from or to any place not being within the said limits as before ascertained, there shall, be paid the sum of one penny over and above and exclusive of the several rates charge, able thereon.

IV. And be it enacted, That every bill of exchange, merchant's account, invoice, or bill of lading, writ, process, or proceeding at law, written upon the fame fhcet or piece of paper with a letter, and every letter to or from several or distintt persons, written upon the fame (beet or piece of paper, shall be rated, taxed, and paid for as so many several or distintt letters, according to the rates established by this att, or hererenfter to be established by any act to be parted in this kingdom relative to the portage of letters within the same.

V. And whereas patterns of cloth, silk, stuff, and small samples of other forts of goods, are frequently enclosed in a Angle letter or piece of paper, and sent by the poll; be it enacted, That for every single letter or cover endorsed on theoutfide " patterns/* containing one or more paper or papers with patterns, or containing one or mere pattern or patterns of cloth, silk, or fluff, or one or more Ample cr

samples

The tlirty-jirjl Year of George III.

temples of any other fi.rt of goods, and containing no other writing, matter, or thing, save only what appertains to such patterns or temples, if the fame together do not exceed one ounce weight, the rates payable for a double letter by this act, or by any act to be passed in tins kingdom, relative to the portage of letters within the same, shall be paid, ami no more.

VI. And be it enacted, That the post-master general for the time being, shall cause an account to be kept of all monies arising to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by virtue of this act.

VII. And be it unacted, That the net revenue and monies arising by the rates and duties hereby grauted to his M.ijofty, his heirs and successors, after paying all charges, out-going-, disbursements, expences and telaries, necessary for the receipt 3nd management of the fame; and all expences attending the said office, and the due execution of this act. Hall be paid into his Majesty's exchequer in this kingdom, in such manner, and at such time and times as his Majesty, Ins heirs and successors, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being shall direct and appoint.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in calc the post-mnfter general, or any person concerned in the execution of this act, shall neglect or refute to perform any matter or tiling whatsoever according to the true intent and meaning of this act, or if they or any of them, or any other officer employed by virtue of this act, shall embezzle, divert or mitepply nny of the monies by them, or any of them collected or received by virtue of this act, contrary to the true meaning thereof, then and in every such case ever}' person so offending, shall forfeit his office, and be incapable to terve his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any office or place of trull or profit, and shall be liable for every such oflence to pay treble the sum so embezzled, diverted, or mitepplied.

IX. And be it enacted, That neither the six pence per pound, nor any otb^r fee shall be payable to, or be deducted or received by the vice-treasurcf or vier-treasurers, receiver, or paymaster-general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer

payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of the aids hereby granted to his fl.isjesty, hie heirs and ft'cc'ffiors, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this act, hut that die tense liuil he accounted for to his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

X. And be it enacted, That no letters or packets tent by the port to or from any place or places whatsoever, shall he exempted from paying the duty of portage according to the rates established by this act, other than and except such tetters and packets as are herein after excepted, and in such manner, and under fm h restrictions as are herein after declared and enacted concerning the same; th.u fe to tey, all letters and packets not exceeding the weight of two ounce*-, and um coming from nny foreign place or parts beyond the teas, and font from and to any place and places within this kingdom during the fitting of any session of parliament, or within forty days before or forty days after any summon3 or prorogation of the fame, which shall be signed on the outside thereof by any member of either of the two houses of parliament in this kingdom, and whereof the whole supertei:;'-tion shall be of the hand-writing of such member, and ilia! have enderted thereon in the fame hand-writing, and on the fume fide «hh such strerf- ripti-m and signature, the month and the day of the month am! year when the same Ih ill be put into any port-office of this kingdom, to be forwarded by the rrrt, tin* d.tv and month to be in words at length; cm! nial! nifo have endorsed thereon in the fame hand-writing, the name of the poll-tow:! from which the lame is intended to be sent.

26

A.D. 1791.Chap. io.

The thirtyfirf Year of George III.

XI. Provided always, That no such letter or packet shall pass free of the dale of poilage, unless the member dire£?ing the lame shall have actually been in the poll-town, or within the district or delivery of such poll-town where such letters or packets Avail be put in, to be forwarded by port on the day of the date fuerr. feribed on such letter or packet; and also except ail letters and packets not exceeding the like weight, which shall during the fitting of any session of parliament, or within forty days before, or forty days after any summons or prorogation of the fame, be directed from any place in tins kingdom, to any member of either house of the parliament in this kingdom, at the place where he shall actually be at the time of the delivery thereof, or at any of lus ufoa! -places of residence, or at the house of parliament of which he is a member; also all letters and-packets from and to any place within this kingdom, directed to his Majesty's lieutenant general, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, his Majest-y’s principal secretary of llate for this kingdom, the chief secretary-of such lieutenant general or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, the secretary for the provinces of Ulster and Slunfter, the-under secretary and first clerk for the civil department in the f.iid chief secretary’s office, the under secretary and first clerk for the military department of the office of such chief secretary, the secretary of the said general poll-office, the comptroller of the sorting-office in the said general post office, and the surveyors of the said port-office, all for the time being; and all letters and packets sent by any of the said officers for the time being, from and to any place within this kingdom, which shall relate to the business of their respective offices, or their own private concerns only, and shall be signed, super-feribed and dated on the outside of such letters as aforesaid; and in case any such officer shall receive under cover to him, with intent to evade the payment of any of the rates granted by this act, any letters or packets intended for, or directed to other persons, every such officer is hereby authorized and required to fend the same to the general port-office in Dublin, in order that such letters and packets may be charged with the duty of portage payable thereon; it being the true intent and meaning of this act, that the privilege of sending and receiving letters and packets by such officers, shall extend to such letters and packets only as relate to the business of their respective offices, or their own immediate and private concerns.; and also, except letters and packets sent from the general post office in Dublin, and which shall appear by an eudorfement made thereupon by some person or persons (not exceeding two in number) authorized under the hand and seal of the post-master-general of this kingdom for the time being, to be on his Ma-jwliy’s ferries, and shall be foaled with the seal of the said general port-office; which person or persons are hereby ftricUy forbid so to endorse and seal any letter or packet whatsoever, unless such only concerning which they (halt receive the special directions of their superior officer, or which they shall themselves know to concern the business of the port office; and if any person or persons authorized as aforesaid, under the hand and seal of the said post-master-general, shall knowingly nuke and subscrible such endorsement, or procure the same to be made on any letter or packet which does not really concern the business of the said general port-office, he shall for the first offence forfeit and pay the ium of five pounds, and for the second offence -shall be difiniffed from his office.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the clerk of the parliament, and clerk of the house of commons for the time being, shall and may reipetlively from and after the passing of this act, receive letters free from the duty of portage, in the same manner and under such restrictions as any mem-

ber of either house of parliament In Ireland new receive the same, in pursuance of this act.

The thirty-fir/! Year of George III.

XIII. And be it en.tfted, That all covers containing muster uftidavits from the /V

out-pensionets of the ruy.'.l hof;nt:d, ami feut from any place within thK kingdom, j

cirecled to the regiilor of the iVul hospital, shall be delivered to the said legifter QJi free of the duty of poilage, provided that every such cover shall be unsealed, ami shall contain no other endoiurt five and except the f.ud muster affidavits; and that all printed receipts for the pay of such out-pensioners made up as a letter or cover of a letter, and dirtfted with the words. To out-pensioner

of the royal hospital, being printed thereon, and sealed with the seal of the pav-marter of the royal hospital, shall in like manner be delivered free of portage to such out-pensioners within this kingdom, to whom they shall be respectively directed, provided such primed receipts shall not contain any enclosurej and if any such receipt, cover, or mu (lor affidavit, shall be found to contain any euclofute whatsoever, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, then and in that case, every such receipt made up as a cover or letter, and every such cover or muster affidavit shall be charged and liable to treble the duty of postage, according to the rates established by this act, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to am! for certain persons, who, by virtue of their respective offices in Great Britain, have heretofore sent or received letters and packets free from the duty of postage by virtue of or under any act or afte of the Britishi parliament, to send and receive by the post, letters and packets from Great Britain to any part of Ireland, or from any part of Ireland to Great Britain, free from the duty of portage, subject nevertheless to such limitations and restrictions as persons in this kingdom, who, by virtue of their employments or offices, arc permitted to send and receive letters and packets free of portage, are subject and liable to by this act.

XV. And whereas frauds may be practised in fending covers, letters, and packets by port directed to members of parliament and other persons privileged by this act, to receive letters and packets free of the duty of portage, containing letters and packets intended for others, and not intended for such members or other persons to whom such covers, letters, and packets arc so directed, whereby the persons for whom such letters and packets are really intended, and may receive such covcre, letters, and packets free -from the duty of -portage, to the injury of the revenue*, for Temedy whereof, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said post-master-general, and all persons acting under this act, to charge the whole of such covers, letters, and packets, with treble the duty of postage, according to the rates established by this act, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, That if it shall appear by the certificate of such member, that such-cover, letter or packet, so charged, was actually intended for such member, or for some of his family, and not covering a correspondence to any person not resident -in his house, that then and in every such case the postage so -charged and paid for every such letter, cover, or packet, shall be returned to such member.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with the duty of portage any printed votes or proceedings in parliament, or printed newspapers being feut by the port without covers, or in covers open at the fides, which shall be signed on the-outside thereof by any member x>f parliament in this kingdom, or which shall be directed to any such member at any place within this kingdom, whereof he shall have given notice in writing to the post-master-general of Ireland, or which shall be Tent by certain officers in the office of his Majesty's post-master-general, who shall be thereunto li-

6 R 2 c' ?md

£28 The thirty-first Year of George III.

A D. -cense^ the -find post-master-general respectively, but that all such votes, pio.

ceedhigs in parliament, and printed newspapers so Tent and signed as aforesaid, shall be received free of the duty of postage.

XVIII. Provided nevenhcless, That no such printed ncivfpaper shall pass free of portage from the general port-office pursuant to any such notice, or from any other port-office in this kingdom, unless such newspaper shall be put into such post--offices respectively, two hours at the Jeart before the time of the port being dispatch therefrom.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for Ins Majesty's port-marter-general of this kingdom, or any of the oflicers employed under hint) to examine and search any packet sent without a cover, or in a cover open at the fides, in order to discover whether any letter or other paper or thing whatsoever be enclosed or concealed in or with such printed votes, proceedings, or printed newspapers, and in order to discover whether such printed newspapers shall have been duly stamped; and in case any letter or paper, or thing whatsoever shall be found to be enclosed, written, or concealed in, on, or with such printed votes, proceedings in parliament, or newspapers as aforesaid, or in case there shall be any writing other than the superscription of such printed votes, proceedings, or newspapers, or any of them, or on or in the cover thereof, the whole of such packer shall be charged with treble the duty of postage by thi6 aft imposed; and in case ^ny such newspaper shall appear not to have been duly stamped, every such officer is hereby required to stop the fame, and fend it to the commissioners of the stamp duties at their office in the city of i)ublin.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons whatsoever within this kingdom shall forge cr counterfeit the sea! or hand-writing, or make iifc of the name of any person whatsoever in the superscription of any letter or packet to be fieut by the' post, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of postage, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall procure to be forged, -counterfeited, or altered* the date, place, or any other part of the superscription of any such letter or packet, or shall write, or c.iufe to be written and sent by the post any letter or packet, the superscription or any part whereof shall be forged, counterfeited or altered, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of poUage, knowing the same to he forged, counterfeited, or altered; or if any person or persons within this kingdom shall forge, or counterfeit, or alter, or procure to be forged, counterfeit, cd, or altered, any certificate of any member of either house of the parliament of this kingdom, or of any other person entitled to the privilege of fending letters free of the duty of poilage, in order to have the postage charged upon any cover, letter, or packet refunded; every person so offending, being thereof duly convicted, shall for the first offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and for the fecorni offence, the sum of one hundred pounds, and for the third offence shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall be transported for seven years; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's poftinaller-general of this kingdom, and his deputies, and all persons aiding umler-this act, to charge any letter or packet, the superscription whereof, or any part whereof shall appear to be forged or counterfeited, or altered, with treble the duty of postage payable by virtue of this act; which said duty shall be levied and paid, unless the member of either Jioufe of parliament, or other privileged person whose superscription it imports to be, shall certify by writing under his hand to the post-master-general, or his deputies, that such superscription and every part thereof is of his hand writing.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any collector or receiver, ferryman, or other person whatsoever, appointed or intruded or employed to take or receive the tolls or rates nr any turnpike-gate or bar erected upon any highways, bridges, or poll-

road.-,

Chap. io.

The thirty-first Year of George III. 529

roads, or at any ferry, or any person who has or shall have the care of any gate A.D. of any walled town, or the custody of the keys of such gate shall demand and take 1791. any toll or rate for the coachman, post-boy, express-boy, or rider, guard, servant, Chap. II.

cr ether person, horses or carriages carrying or employed to carry any mail or bag -----'

of letters in this kingdom, passing through, over, or across the fame, or shall not permit and suffer the horses and carriages, together with the coachman, pod-boy, express-boy, or rider, guards, servants, and other persons so employed to pass through such toll-gates, bars, or gates, and across such fenics without delay, or if any ferryman shall not within the space of fifteen minutes after demand made, in all possible cases convey the coachman, post-boy, express-boy, rider, guard, servant, and other persons, together with the horses and carriages employed as aforesaid, across such ferry to the usual landing place; or if any person having the care of any gate of a walled town, or the custody of the keys of such gate, shall not within a quarter of an hour after demand made aloud at such gate, open the fame, and admit the coachman, post-boy, express-boy, rider, guard, servant, or other persons, together with the horses and horse-carriages employed as aforesaid, such offender or offenders being convicted thereof by the oath of such coachman, post-boy express-boy, or rider, or other credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace within the district where such offence shall be committed, which oath every justice is hereby authorized and required to administer, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, to be paid to the informer; and if the same shall not be forthwith paid upon such conviction, it shall and may be lawful for every justice, and he is hereby required to commit the offender to the house of correction, there to remain until the said penalty or forfeiture shall be paid, or for any time not exceeding the space of twenty-one days, nor less than fourteen days from the time of commitment, unless such penalty or forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the post-master general shall cause an account to be kept of all tolls payable on four-wheeled carriages, carrying or travelling with his Majesty's mails at the several and respective turnpike gates through which the same shall pass, and shall from time to time cause the amount thereof to be paid to the treasurers of the turnpike roads to whom the fame arc respectively payable, by four quarterly payments, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, difa’oilities, penalties, forfeitures, and modes for the recovery of the fame matters and things contained in an act made in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his Majesty's reign, touching the said general-pod office, and the said oflice, called the penny post-oflice, entitled, An act for establishing a pjl-fftce within this kingdom) and not herein or by any other act passed in this kingdom, altered, amended, or repealed, shall be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend to this present act, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the fame had been particularly repealed and re-enacted in this present act.

6 S

CHAP.

53°

A.D.

170'*

The thirty-first Year of George III. CHAP. XL

An Act to enable ihe Grand Juries of the County of Dublin, and the County of the City of Dublin, to male better Provision for the Clerks of the Crown and Peace by Presentmenl at each Quarter Sessions for said County and City.

Treamble*

The grand jury of the co. of the city of Dub* lin. may, at each quntier fefiums, jire-sent 50l. to be paid to the clerks of the peace for the co. of the city of Dub* ltn only, m addition to the sum now prefcttlnble in i'cu of fees, fee.

WHEREAS the duty or business necessary to be performed and transacted by the clerk or clerks of the peace for the county of the city of Dublin, hath, by the passing of several late acts of parliament, been of late very much encrcafed, and the emoluments or fees payable to them have been very much diminished; for remedy whereof, and in order to afford a sufficient or adequate sum to such clerk or clerks of the peace for such their additional trouble, and in order to pay the expence or rent of an office wherein die business of such clerk or clerks of the peace is so carried on or transacted, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful from and after the passing of this act, for the grand jury of the county of the city of Dublin, sworn at each quarter-fdlions of the peace held in and for the county of the said city, and they are hereby empowered and required to present the sum of fifty pounds sterling, to be paid to the said clerk or clerks of the peace for the purposes aforesaid, the same to he so presented and raised in addition to the fuin heretofore, and now presentable for the said clerk or clerks of the peace, sheriffs, and gaoler, in lieu for the fees to which the said clerk or clerks of the peace, sheriffs, and gaoler were formerly entitled to receive for prisoners discharged without fees, which said sum of fifty pounds is to be presented and raised in like manner, and in addition to the said sum which now is, and hath been heretofore raised; the whole of the said sum to be paid and be payable to the clerk or clerks of the peace for the county of the city of Dublin only, in lieu for, and as a recompense for such their additional trouble, and in order to enable them to defray the rent of an office in which the said business of clerk or clerks of the peace for the county of the said city is so carried on, and also for defraying the expences of passing this present act, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

The thirty ft if Year of George III. 531

TL And whereas the business of the clerk of the peace for the A.D. county of Dublin, hath of late years considerably encreased, and 1791-the sum now presentable for him in lieu of fees, is Utterly made- t/ic grilmj <juatc to his trouble; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the grand jura’ of the county of Dublin, may, at ca.li I'worn at each quarter-sessions of the peace, to present any sum not exceeding the sum of thirty pounds, to be paid to the clerk of the peace of the said county, in addition to the sum now present- to thednk able to the said clerk of the peace, in lieu ot all fees on indictments, for m ca and as a recompense for his labour and extraordinary trouble in the execution of that office. »«jm*nt.

able in lieu of few, &c.

CHAP. XII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland Expired.

iu parliament assembled, being desirous to raise such aids and supplies as may be sufficient to supportwith honour and dignity your Majesty's government, do humbly present to your Majesty the free gift of the rates and duties herein after mentioned, and do beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament alfcm-bled, and by the authority of the same, That from and afa r the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, until the twemy-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two indufive, there shall be throughout the kingdom of Ireland, raised, coltc&ed, levied, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the several and respective rates, impositions, duties, charges, and sums of money following; that is to say, for and upon the several matters and things expressed in the schedule hereunto annexed, the everal and respective rates, impofltions, duties, charges and sums of money in the said schedule mentioned j and for every advertisement to be contained or published in any gazette, newspaper, journal, or daily accounts, to be published weekly or oftener, or in any other printed paper or pamphlet whatsoever, being dispersed or made publick yearly, monthly, or at any other interval or time within the time aforesaid, or in any hand-bill containing more than one advertisement printed and dispersed within the time aforesaid, a duty of one Hulling; and a further duty for the fame, after the rate of one shilling for every ten lines which every such advertisement shall contain over and above the first ten lines; no such line to exceed in length twenty m’s of the letter called long primer, or two inches and three quarters of an inch; and for and upon every pamphlet or paper, not exceeding fix (beets in octavo, or in a Icfler page, and not exceeding twelve (beets ill quarto, or twenty (beets in foiio, so printed, a duty after the rate of two shillings for every (beet of any kind of paper which shall be contained in one printed copy, or impression thereof; and for and upon all insurances for insuring houfos, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property from loss by fire, which shall be made at any time between the twcniy-6 S z fifth

532 Yhe thirty-first Year of George III.

A, I), fifth c?.:y of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, anc! the twenty-lyQt. fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two inclusive, a

Chap, i2, duty after the rate of one shilling foT every one hundred pounds insured thereby.

'—H, ^nd }jC jt enabled, That In case any such advertisement shall be printed in lines exceeding such length as aforesaid, then and in that case, there shall be paid for every such advertisement treble the duties herein before mentioned.

III. And be it enacted, That every deed, instrument, note, or memorandum, letter, muniment, or writing, for or relating to the payment of any sum of money, or for making any valuable consideration for or on the lofa of any ship or vefkl, goods, monies, or cillcts, or upon any loss by fire, or for any loss whatsoever, or for or upon any life or lives, shall he construed, deemed, and adjudged to be policies of insurance, within the meaning of this act.

IV. And be it enacted, That every deed, instrument, note, memorandum, letter, or other muniment, or writing, between the captain and matter, or owner of any fiiip or vessel, and any mere!.ant, trader, or other person, in respect of the freight, or conveyance of any goods, money, wares, merchandizes or effects laden, or to be laden, on board of any such ttiip or veil'd, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a charter-party, within the meaning of this act.

V. And for correcting abuses committed by arresting persons without any writ or legal process to juttify the fame, by means whereof, the payment of the duty hereby given to the crown upon such process may be evaded: be it enactdi, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, every officer or clerk belonging, or that shall hereafter belong to the court of King’s-Bench, court of Common Pleas, or court of Exchequer, who shall sign any writ or process before judgment, to arrest any person or persons thereupon, shall at the time of signing thereof, set down upon such writ or pioccfs, the day and year of signing the fame, which shall be entered upon the remembrance rdi, or in the book wherein the abilraft of such writ or process shall be enter:d, upon pain to forfeit the sum of ten pounds for every offence or neglect of such officer, or clerk as aforesaid} such ftifciture to be recovered by civil bill, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who ffcaJJ inform and sue for the filin’.

VI. And be it enacted, That all boohs and pamphlets, serving chiefly for the purpose of an almanack or a directcry, by whatever name or names entitled or desertbed, are and shall be charged with the duty impofrd by this a Cl on almanacks and directorics, but not with any of the duties charged by this act on pamphlets, or any other printed papers, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to charge any bill of exchange, accounts, bills of parcels, bills of fees, or any bills or notes (not sealed) for payment of money at fight, or upon demand, or at the end of certain days of payment.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend to charge the probate of any will, or letters of administration of any common seaman or fohlicr who shall be /lain or die in his Majesty's service, a certificate being produced from the captain or commander of the llitp or rcflcS, or captain or commanding officer of the troop or company under whom such seaman or fohlicr served at the time of his death j of the truth whereof an oath (or if by a quaker a solemn affirmation) shall be made before the proper judge or officer by whom such probate or administration ought to be granted, which oath or affirmation such judge or officer is hereby authorized and required to administer, without fee or reward.

The thlrtyfujl Year of George III. 533

IX. Provided elfo, That none of the rates, duties, or sums of money imposed by this act, Avail be raised, levied, collected, or paid, or be payable unto your' ijqi. Majesty by virtue of this act, by any person or persons who shall be admitted to ( y)ap , sue or defend in forma paupetts, so far as relates to the suit in which he, {lie, cr they shall be admitted to sue or defend.

X. Provided also, That this act, or any dause herein contained, shall not be construed to chatge with any duty, any warrant made by, or recognizance taken before any justice or justices of the peace, or any proceedings of any court-martial which relate to any trial of any common soldier, but such warrants, recognizances and proceedings shall be and are hereby declared to be exempted from the payment of any of the duties imposed by this act.

XI. Provided also, That this act shall not extend to charge with any of the duties aforesaid, any act of parliament, proclamation, orders of council, forms of prayer and thanksgiving, or any acts of Aate which shall he ordered by your Majesty, your heirs and futceflois, or l y the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, to be printed, or the printed votes or other matters which arc or shall be ordered to he printed by either house of parliament, any -books commonly used in any of the schools of Ireland, or any books containing only matters of devotion or piety, or any advertisements published by the trustees of hospitals relative to the business of such hospitals, or any Angle advertisement printed by itself, or the weekly bills of mortality, or the daily accounts cr bills of goods imported and exported, so as such daily account*?, cr bills of goods imported and exported, do contain no other matter than-accounts of good? imported into ami exported ftom this kingdom, and the particulars relating to such imports and exports, and so as the fame he printed and published by such officer or officers as shall be authorized thereto by the lord lieutenant-general, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being; any tiling herein contained to tl-e contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it enacted, That all accounts or bills of goods imported cr exported, printed or published by any other person or persons, except such offic.r or officers authorized as afoief.dd, whether printed or 'pubiilhcd daily, weekly, monthly, or 2t any otheT time or times, or published as accounts, or as abstracts of accounts, or in any other manner whatsoever, shall be, and ate hereby deemed to be daily accounts, or bills of goods imported and exported, and subject to the duties hereby imposed, and shall pay a duty in proportion to the number of day’s . accounts of imports or exports contained therein; that is to say, ihe sum of one penny for every day’s account, or abstract of every day’s account?, of imports' or exports, which shall appear to be included in every such publication.

XIII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or b'e construed to extend to subject the books of any corporate body to any {lamp or duty whatsoever.

XIV. And be it enacted, That adlftinct account shall be kept by the rjcciver-general of the stamp duties, of the money arising from the respective duties of ten pounds, in the said schedule mentioned, on the admission of any student in the focicry of King’s-lnn?, and on the admission of any barrister into the Irrs 0:

Court, and the further duty of seven pounds in the said fcl.edule mentioned *ipo:. each part of indentures for binding an apprentice to an attorney, and that the farr.e shall be paid to the treasurer of the said fociery, to be applied by him in such manner as shall be directed hv the said fouety.

XV. And be it euaftnl, That f< r ti e bettered more triTtftu.i'dy levying, collecting, and paying unto your Majesty, your heirs ai:d ft.ctvfltr.v, the Itverd and respective duties hrn.lv ^rr.nU'd, it shall and nu y be 1; v. fill for ytr.r Majesty, cr the lord lieutenant or other chief govctnrrr-r ilvef gover.’.ors of His kingno.n

Vol. XV $ T hr

234 The thirty-first Teen- ^' George TIL

A.D. *or ^1C {mc being, from time to time, to nominate and appoint such persons at 1 ~j\) I YMX M-jcity* your heirs and successors, ct the lord lieutenant, or other chief \Chqp. .1 > governor or governors-of this kingdom for the time being, shall think fit, to be commissioners or officers for the (tamping and marking of vellum, parchment and paper, and managing the duties thereupon \ and that the commissioners so to be appointed shall'keep their head office in some eonvenient place within the city of Dublin.; and the said commissioners or the major.part of them, are hereby empowered under their hands and seals, to appoint such inferior officers, with the cunfcm and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, for (he marking or dUmping of vellum, parchment, and paper, and for the better collecting or -levying the duties hereby granted to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, as they at -their discretion shall think proper.

XVI. And whereas it may be difficult to prove, that the commissioners and -«ther officers for managing and collecting the duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, heretofore appointed, or who have held, or who do now, or may hereafter attually hold such offices respectively, have performed the requisites prescribed by law to entitle them to execute the said offices respectively, and questions may arise thereon touching the validity of the acts done, or to be done, by the said commissioners and officers, and the validity of the types, marks, and (lamps, which have been, or may be used for the marking of the said duties, and of the impressions made therewith; be it enacted, That all types, marks and (lamps heretofore used -by the said commissionera, or by any officer or officers acting under their authority, for marking the said duties, and all imprelfions made therewith on any deeds, records, or writings whatsoever, shall be, and the fame and every of them arc and is hereby declared lawful and valid to all intents and purposes 5 and that dn all actions, suits, indictments, informations, prosecutions and proceedings whatsoever, touching any of the matters contained in this act, or for or touching any act or acts heretofore done or hereafter to be done by the said commissioners and officers, or any of them, in virtue or -under colour of their respective offices, it shall be deemed ami taken that the said commissioners and officers have performed the several-requisites prescribed by law to entitle them 10 execute the said offices respectively.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enactccl, That tta several commissioners and officers heretofore appointed for the marking or damping of vellum, parchment, and paper, and managing the duties thereupon, and now actually holding and exercising such offices respectively, as also such other commissioners and officers as shall be hereafter appointed pursuant to this act, shall, during the continuance of this act, for more effectually levying the several duties hereby granted, continue to act in the several offices to which they have been, or shall lie so appointed, or which they now' actually hold or exercise, in like manner, with the fame powers and authorities, and subject to the fame restrictions and limitations as are mentioned in former acts of parliament, granting stamp duties unto your Majesty, or any of them, save as herein is otherwise directed, unless such commissioners or inferior officers shall be sooner removed from such offices by the lord lieutenant, or chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time bring, or unless such inferior officers flu*! be sooner removed from such offices by the said commissioners, with the consent and approbation of the said lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governois of this kingdom for the time being.

XV!II. And be it enacted, That the types, marks, and (lamps already kept or life a for denoting and marking on vellum, parchment, and paper, the several and idpcftive duties granted by the said acts, or any of them, or hereafter to be kept or used at the find head office, for denoting and marking on vellum, parchment, and pap- r, the several and respective duties hereby granted, shall be the only

true

The thirtj-frjl Year of George III. 535

‘hue and lawful types, marks, aiul (lamps, for the stamping and impressing of D.

all vellum, parchment, and paper, on which any of the several things herein 1791. directed to be charged, have been or shall be engrossed or written; and that Chap. 12. from time to time, as often a6 such types, marks, or (lamps, or any of them, shall be worn out, or otherwise become unserviceable, the said commissioners may cause the same to be repaired and rendered fit for use, or cause renewals thereof, or similar types, marks, ;md (lamps to -be made and used, if they shall ;think proper so to do; and that where such types, marks, or (lamps, 'shall not specifically denote the duties chargeable by this’ aft, two or more of such types, marks, or (lamps, the duties denoted whereby shall in the whole amount to *he duties chargeable by this act, may be used for marking and impressing vellum, parchment, and paper, with such duties; or the said commissioneTs may cause 'to be provided new types, marks, or (lamps, for denoting such duties, or any of them, if they shall think proper so to do, and to (lamp and mark vellum, parchment, and paper, chargeable with such duties, with the same.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the devices or -marks used, or to be used for denoting and marking on vellum, parchment, and paper, the said duties, or any of them, may be changed, varied, or altered, from time to time, as your Majesty, your heirs and successors, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being shall think fit: provided that whensoever such devices or-marks shall be changed, varied, or altered, then, and in every such case, public!; notice of such change, variation, or alteration, shall be given by advemfement in the Dublin Gazette, and in some other publick newspaper, a convenient time before the types, marks, or (lamps, on which such new devices or marks shall be made, be used.

XX. And be it enacted, That all courts cf justice, and judges uhatsoever shall, without allegation or proof on that behalf, take judicial notice of the several types, marks, and (lamps kept or used as aforesaid, as and for the only true and lawful types, marks, and (lamps for the purpose herein mentioned.

XXI. And be it enacted, Thar the commissioners heretofore appointed, or hereafter to be appointed by your Majesty, your heirs and f\ie<-eiTors, or by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being as aforesaid, or the major part of such comnvlflionus, shall and may from time to time, as they fluli fee oi-casion, appoint one or more /.* person or persons to attend in any court or courts, oflice or oflices, which person or persons shall have full power and authority to inspect and examine the vellum, parchment, and paper, upon which any of the matters or things aforesaid have been,

01 shall be -engrossed or written, or put, and also the marks or (lamps thereupon, and also all other matters and things tending to fecuie to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the duties arising by this act or any former act, whereby any duties were granted to your Majesty, upon stamped veilum, parchment, and paper; and that the judges in the several courts, and such others to whom it may appertain, at the request of the said commissioners, or of any two of them, fluff make such orders in their respective courts, and do such other matters and thing* for the better fecuting of the said duties, as shall be lawfully and reafoiub.y desired in that behalf; and that every commissioner, and other officer before he proceeds to the execution of his office under such appointment, shall take anti ful>-feribe the oath prescribed by, and mentioned in an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting u»h his Mitje/ly, his hits end JucoJors, several duties upon Jlaiiiped vellum, parchment, and paper, to be administered as in the said act is mentioned; provided that nothing in this act contained, fl>all aftl-ft, or be construed to assess an act passed in this kingdom in the twenty-first and uventy.fecoiuf years of your Majesty's icign, entitled. An uhl to tegiJtift the quni;fi.-,i!rrn> cf aj>p,:nt(d to :ffu ei in

6 T a ties

536 The thirtj-frf Year of George III.

A D. ^-'is hir.gd mi wherein two or more granteet uft under one grant) commissiott) cr 1-791. appointnnnt) but that the said act and every part thereof, shall remain in full

Chap. I 2. ^rre’

_____XMI. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners and other officers heretofore appointed, and hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, and all officers employed, or to be employed or entrusted by or under-them as aforesaid, shall from time to time, in and for the better execution of their several offices and trufU, observe and perform such rules, methods, and orders as they respectively have; received, or shall receive, from time to, time, from the lord lieutenant, or orlvcr chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being; and that the said commissioners shall take special care that the several parts of this kingdom, from time to time, be sufficiently furnished with vellum, parchment, and paper, stamped or marked as aforesaid, so that your Majesty's subjects may have it in their election to buy the fame of the officers or persons to be employed by the said commissioners, at the usual or most common rates above the said duty, or to bring

their own vellum, parchment, and, paper, to be damped as aforesaid, or to furnish themselves from others who shall have done the same.

XXIII. And whereas heretofore a practice prevailed to insert in one (kin cf parchment, on which bills, answers, and other pleadings in equity were engrofltd

or written, twenty chancery or exchequer (beets, every (beet in chancery con-

t.iining ninety words, ami every (beet in the exchequer one hundred and two words, and the fame has been deemed a -reasonable quantity to be engroiTcd and written in and upon cveiy (kin of parchment, and the usual charge for driving and engrossing may accordingly, upon taxation of cods, be fairly and equitably allowed: and whereas it has been of late practised, to insert in one (kin of

parchment, the contents of a greater number of (beets than the number of chancery or exchequ: r fhcets above fnecified, with an intent to defraud your Majesty's revenue: be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this att, all attornies, l\>lie:ters, or other persons, H all make their several charges upon their clients or employer?, for engrossing bill#, answers, and other pleadings in equity, at or after the known and usual rates for every .(kin, according to the number of . skins they shall so.engross or write, and not otherwise; and if any attorney, foil-

vitor, or other person shall, for writing or engrossing one (kin of parchment

only, charge any client or employer for double or treble skins, or for more than one tkin, making his clwgc by the ftiect, or in any other manner than by the ikin, under nrctence of having inserted in such one (kin of parchment a greatu number of sheets than twenty, or under any other pretence whatsoever, such charge shall not be payable by the client, and further, that every attorney, foll-citor, or otlur person shall, for every such charge so made cr demanded, forfeit and pay for the fird-offence the sum of ten pounds, and for the second offeree the sum of fifty pounds, and for the third and every other offence the sum of one hundred pounds, with treble costs of suit.

XXIV. And be it emitted, That where any bill of cost in any cause in your M.ijedys courts of chancery-or exchequer, in which there shall be any charge or charges for drawing, or for engrossing on parchment any bills, answers, or other pleadings in the said courts respectively, which shall be engrossed orwiitten, and iil.d in eitlwr of the Ibid.courts, shall be taxed, the officer who shall respective^ tix such bills of auls, shall tax the charges for drawing and engrossing such bills and answeM, and other pleadings at the usual charge by the skin, according to the number of Ikins attually contained in such pleading, and m t according to the number of thefts, or words contained in such (kin, recording (0 the true intent and meaning of this att; and fuih officer, if the bill c.f colls n he taxed he in .» c/tise in the court of chancery, shall signify at the so:,t if fuih bill i,f ci.If, that the number of skins contained in the pleadings mttvion.-d

therein

The thirty-jirj} Year of George III. 537

therein hath been certified to him by the keeper of the roils of the court of A-chancery, or Ins deputy 5 and if such bill cf ccft be in a enufe in the court 1791.

of exchequer, the officer who shall tax the fame, shall hgr.ify ut the foot of such Chap- 1 bill that ho hath inspected the engrossment of the pleadings mentioned in such biH of costs.

XXV. And in case such officers respectively, who shall tax such bills of costs as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to apply to the clerk of the rolls for such certificate as aforesaid, or to inspect the engroflment of the pleadings mentioned in such bill of cost, or shall neglect or refuse to tax the charges for drawing and engrafting such bills, answers, or other pleadings in manner herein directed, every such officer so neglecting or refilling respectively ns aforesaid, shall forfeit tiu every futh negletfl or refusal the sum of ten pounds.

XXVI. And in case the keeper or keepers of the rolls of the court of chancery, or his or their deputy, shall neglect or refuse to inspect and certify the number of skins contained in such pleadings ns aforesaid, to the proper officer of the said court, upon being applied to by him for the purposes aforesaid, such keeper or keepers, or his or their deputy, Hull, for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit in like manner the sum of ten pounds; which said several forfeitures flaail be enforced in a summary way, upon motion by order of the find courts of chancery and exchequer, upon complaint made to them respectively, against any officer who shall be guilty of such neglect or refusal, and shall go and enure to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors.

XXVII. Provided always, That nothing in tills act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to the charge to be made for engrafting any bill, answer, or other pleading in equity, the whole contents of which shall not amount to the quantity or number of sheets to be contained in two (tins, reckoning the quantity in every (kin, according to the number of sheets above specified.

XXVI1L And be it enacted, That every copy of every affidavit which shall be rend in any court whatsoever, shall be engrafted or written in such manner, is that the quantity of writing contained in any one sheet or piece of paper, fli *.d not be deemed more than one sheet, acootding to the manner in which t).e officers of the courts hi which such affidavit shall be respectively filed, change by the sheet for such affidavit; and if any officer of any court fli.df charge for the quantity of writing contained in anyone sheet or piece of paper, on which any copy of such affidavit shall be written, more than the foes to winch he shall be entitled for one sheet, according to the course of the court in which such affidavit shall be filed, he shall for every such charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, with treble costs of fu:t, to any portion or perfi.j'.s who shall inform and sue for the same in any court of record, by adieu, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no cflbign, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed, or by civil bill hi the court of proper jurisitieUon.

XXIX. And to prevent frauds which might be committed by writing such Copies upon both fidcs of any sheet or piece of paper, be it enacted, That where more than one side or page of any sheet of paper shall be ftaoiped or marked with the duty by this act charged on paper, on which such copy of an affidavit fhnU be written, each side or page u> marked or (limped, shall be deemed a separate (licet or piece cf paper, within the intent ci meaning of this act.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all records, writs, pleading*, and other proceedings in courts of law and equity, and all deed*, iuilruments, n 11 <i uriMrg-i whatsoever hereby charged, shall be engrafted or written in such n» uinvr n* th*y have been usually accuilomeu to be written, or are n«»u written, lave a-; h'.rcr.*: otherwise memionod-

XXXt. And be it enacted, 'flint all writings, in^f-T*, and things, in nfr.-*' whereof any of the said duties {h.dj be p-iv:U\\ ;:i'l hei1 Ije

538 Yhe shirty-first Year of George III.

A.D.

179'. Chap. 12.

written before, or on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall hi written in such manner, that some part thereof Hull be as near as conveniently may be to the (lamps or marks which shall in pursuance of this act be placed on the vellum, parchment, or paper, whereupon the same shall be written or engrossed, upon pain that the person who shall write or eu-gross, or cause to be written or engrossed, any such writing, matter, or thing contrary to the true meaning hereof, flinli for every such offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors; and the other moiety to him, her, or them who shall inform and sue for the same.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, hereby intended to be charged with the several duties aforesaid, shall, before any of the matters or tilings herein before mentioned, be thereupon engrossed or written, be brought to the head 'office aforesaid to be stamped and marked; and the salt! commissioners and officers are hereby required, upon demand of the person or persons so bringing the same, forthwith, without any fee or reward, to damp or mark any quantity or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper so brought, such person or persons paying to such officer or officers as shall be appointed in that behalf, the respective duties hereby granted and directed to be paid for the same.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall be arrested, between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two inciufive, by virtue of any writ or process of any of your Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, at the suit of any common person, and the flicriss or other officer shall take bail from such person against whom such writ or procefc shall iiTuc, the flicriff or other officer at the request and cofl: of the plaintiff'in such action cr suit, or of his lawful attorney, flnll assign to the plaintiff in such action or suit, the bail-bond or other security taken from such bail, by enderfing the fame, ami nttetting it under hits hand and seal in the presence of two or more credible wtincilL's, which may be done without any (lamps provided, the alignment so endorsed, be duly stamped before any action be brought thereupon*, and also, that for and during the time aforesaid, when’and so often as it shall become necessary for any fheuff, or other officer having authority to grant replevins, to assign any bond of any pbinciiT in replevin, to the avowant or defendant in such action, such alignment may be.nude without any (lamp; provided the alignment so made, be duly stamped before any action be brought thereupon.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any commissioner, or other officer appointed, or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall fix any such mark or (lamp to any vellum, parchment,' or paper, which shall be brought to the head-office aforesaid to be stamped or marked, before rha several and respective duties thereupon charged by this act shall be duly answered and paid, or be secured to be paid to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, he shall.for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons have or hath eu-grofled or written, or caused to be engrossed or written, at any time since the commencement of the said acts, or any of them, dr shall at any time hereafter engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which such vellum, parchment, cr paper, was chargeable by the said acts, or any of them, or is hereby charged to pay any duty, before such time as the said vellum, parchment, or paper, hath been, or shall be marked or stamped as aforesaid, or hath., or have engrossed or \uitten, or caused to be engrossed or written, or shall engross or write, or cause

to

539

T'he thirty-fir/I Year of George III.

to be engrafted or written, any matter or thing upon any vellum, parchment) or A.D. paper, that have been,.or shall be stamped or marked for any lower duty than the \ jpi. duty by the said acts, or this act, payable for what hath been, or shall be so Chap. I 2 engrafted or written, then and in every such case there shall be answered and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, over and above such duty as aforesaid, for every such deed, instrument, or writing, the sum of ten pounds; and no such deed, record, instrument, or writing, shall on any pretence whatsoever, be pleaded-or given, or received in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to be good or available in law or equity, until as well the said duty, as the said sum of ten pounds, shall be first: paid to your Majesty's use, and a receipt produced for the fame under the hand or hands of some of your Majesty's officers appointed to receive the duties above mentioned, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such deed, instrument, or writing, hath been, or shall be written or made, shall be marked or stamped with a lawful mark or (lamp; and the proper officer or officers are hereby required upon payment, or tender of the said duty, and sum of ten pounds, unto him or them, to give a receipt for the fame, and to mark and (lamp such vellum, parchment, or paper, with the mark or (lamp that shall be proper for such deed, instrument, or writing respectively.

XXXVI. Provided always, and the said commissioners are hereby authorized to stamp all instruments executed out of this kingdom, upon payment of the duty payable thereon according to this act, without paying the said additional duty of ten pounds, proof being first made to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, or the major part of them, that such instruments were really executed out of this kingdom.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to judgments upon of.cas, inquisitions, writs of fin facias, or to judgments upon nil dial: provided that the fame be stamped with die proper stamp within one month next after the fame Dial! have been signed, and that no d'lfcount shall be allowed thereon.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That any officer or officers who shall neglect ct Omit to; bring such judgment or judgments to be damped within one nioiuh, as hereby directed, shall for every such neglect or omission, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill or in any court of record in this kingdom.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall engross or write, or cause to be engrafted or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which the said veJJum, parchment, or paper, i« hereby charged to pay any duty, before such,time as the said vellum, parchment, or paper, -(hall be marked or Humped as aforesaid, or shall engross or write, or cause to be, engrafted or written, any matter or tiling upon vellum, parchment, or paper, that shall be marked or stamped for any lower duty than the duty by this act payable for what, shall be so engrafted or written, such person fo1 offending,

shall forfeit for- e\vy such offence the sum of five pounds, to be recovered by civil bill;,.one moiety thereof to your Majesty, your heirs and successors;:a»d the other moiety to him,; her, cr them, who shall inform and fuc for the same.

XL. And be it enacted, That in case any clerk,'officer, or person, who in respect of}any publick jbftice or employment, is or shall 5c authorized or entruffeo to make, engross, or wiite.any records, deeds, instrument', or writings, by this. act charged to pay a duty as aforesaid, Until be wilfully* guilty of any practice, to defraud your Majesty, your heirs, or successors,- of-.my duty by ihi* nct payable,..by making, engrafting, or writing any such record, deed, inftvumcnf, or writing, or by causing* the f«n>e to be made ami engrafted, or written upon 6 IJ 2 Y'lliim,

54©

The thirty-first Year of George III.

A.D.

1791 Chap. 12.

vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or {lamped according to tiiisaft, or upon vellum, parchment, or paper, marked or damped with any mark or {tamp which he shall know to be counterfeited, or by wilfully engrailing or writing my such deed, instrument, or other writing upon vellum, parchment, or paper, which he shall know to be stamped or marked for a lower duty than the duty payable by this act upon the fame, then every such clerk, officer, or person, so guilty of any fraud or practice, being’ thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit his office, place, or employment respectively, and be'disabled to hold or enjoy the fame for the future 5 and if any attorney belonging to any court, shall wilfully be guilty of any such fraud or practice as aforesaid, and be convicted thereof, he shall be disabled for the future to practice ns an attorney.

XLI. And to prevent committing of frauds on your Majesty, in respect of the duty payable on the admission of attoruies into courts: be it enactetl. That no attorney shall practice either in his own name er in the name of any other attorney in any of his Majesty's court3 of law, or in any court of record whatsoever, in which attornies are admitted, except only in such court or courts in which he shall have actually been admitted and sworn an attorney, upon pain of the person so practising being rendered incapable of being sworn an attorney in any court of law; and every attorney who shall so practice in any court in which he shall not have been admitted and sworn an attorney, shall be disabled from recovering die cods of any proceedings carried on by him in such court.

XLII. And be it enacted, That every person to be sworn or admitted an attor, ney in any of his Majesty's courts of law, or any court of record whatsoever, shall, previous to such admission into every court, produce to the proper officer, to whom he shall apply to be admitted an attorney as aforesaid, a certificate sign-<rd under the hand or hands of some of your Majesty's officers appointed to receive the stamp duties, (bating that such person has paid the duty by this act made payable on such admission, which certificate shall be lodged with such officer of every court into which he shall be admitted, and remain in his custody, to be examined by the said coinmifflouers for managing the stamp duties, or any officers by them appointed, at any time they shall think fit, and that from and after the passing of this act, every person who fluff be bound an apprentice to an attorney, shall also obtain a written certificate from some of your Majesty's officers appointed to receive the duties aforesaid, of his having paid the duty by this act made payable on such indentures of appicnticeffiip, which certificate shall be lodged with the proper officer of the court in which said' indentures arc enrolled, or to which the mailer of the said apprentice doth belong, and the officer or officers of such court are hereby required to take charge of and keep such certificate, so that the fame may be produced to prove the payment of such duty before he shall be admitted and sworn an attorney into such court as aforesaid; ami that no person shall be capable of practising as an attorney, or recovering any bill of costs due to him as an attorney* unless he shall have paid the stamp duties hereby impofeu upon him when bound apprentice, and when admitted an attorney at or previous to thectime of his being admitted an attorney as aforesaid» and it is the express meaning and intention of this act, that no person whatsoever be admitted an attorney into any court, unless such person has served his regular time or apprenticeship of five year; to a practising attorney of said court.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall write, or engraft, or cause to be written or engrailed, either in the-whole or part of any matter or tiling , in respect whereof any duty is payable by this act, upon any part of any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper whereon there shall have been before engrossed, written, or printed, any other matter or thing in respect whereof any duty is payable by this act, before such vellum, parchment, or paper shall have been

The ilnriy-jirjl Year of George III. 54*

been again marked or {lamped according to this act, or {lull fraudulently crafo A. 3D* or ferape cut, or cause to be erased or feraped out the name or names of any IJ91*

person or persons, or any sum, date, or other thing engrossed, written, or printed Qwp* in such instrument, writing, matter, or thing as aforesaid, or fraudulently cut, tear, or take off any mark or (lamp from any piece, of vellum, parchment, or paper, or any part thereof, with intent to use fucJi /lamp or mark for any oilier writing, matter, or thing in respect whereof any duty fluff be payable by virtue of this act, tiion and in every such case, every such person so offending in any of tiic particulars before mentioned, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That so often as the find devices or marks, cr any of them shall be changed, varied, or altered as herein before mentioned, it Avail be lawful for all persons who shall have at that time in their custody or possession any vellum, parchment, or paper marked with the imprefHon of the type, mark, or damp which shall have been so changed, varied, or altered, upon which none of the matters or things hereby charged shall have been engrossed or written, to bring or fend at any time within the space of sixty days after the publication of such advertisement as aforesaid, such vellum, parchment, and paper to the said commissioners at the head office in the city of Dublin, or to such other officers appointed as aforesaid j and the said commissioners and officers respectively are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered unto the several persons who shall so bring and deliver any quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, the like quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper so stamped as aforesaid, and as good in quality, marked with the impression of such new type, mark, or (lamp, without demanding or taking directly or indircfUy for the fame, any sum of money or other consideration whatsoever, under the penalty of forfeiting for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds *, and in case any person shall neglect or omit within the time aforesaid, to bring or cause to be brought and delivered unt<-the said commissioners or officers as aforesaid any such vellum, parchment, or paper, the fame is hereby declared to be of no other effect than as if such vellum, parchment, or paper, had never been stamped; and that aif matters and things which shall be engrossed or written thereon, after such time as shall be appointed by such advertisement as aforesaid, for making use of such changed or altered types, marks, or (lamps as aforesaid, shall be cf no other effect than as if they had been engrossed or written on vellum, parchment, or paper not marked 01 stamped; and all persons who shall engross or write any matter cr thing chargeable With any of the duties aforesaid, on such vellum, parchment, or paper, after the said time, shall incur and suffer such penalty as is herein before dircQed to be inflicted on persons writing and engrossing ou vellum, parchment, or paper, no: marked or stamped.

XLV. Provided always, That all vellum, paichment, ami paper, which has been stamped or marked, and has paid the duties granted by any act or a£l$ of parliament heretofore made, shall and may be used for the purposes thereby intended, without any additional (lamp, mark, or duty, except in cases whereby this, or any other act or acU, duties greater than those heretofore laid on, arc imposed, in all which cases, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any of them, if they shall think proper so to do, upon roquest of any person or persons, to order cither that such vellum, parchment, and paper be stamped, with a duty denoting a higher duty, the person or persons requesting the fame, paying the difference of price between the said icfpeclive (lamps, or that vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with (lamps denoting such duties as the person or persons requesting the same shall desire, be given to such person or persons in exchange for such vellum, parchment, and paper as shall be offered for exchange; provided, that the amount cf :he duties to be marked on such vellum, parchment,

Vgl. XV. a X and

542

The thirty-fijl Year of George ILL

A.D.

'791-Chap. 12'

and paper so to be stamped, shall not execed-the amount of the duties on the vellum, parchment, and paper so to be offered foi exchange: provided also, That' the flatnps marked c:i fiieh vfel'um, pafclimfent, and paper so to he offered for exchange, b: cancelled.

XLVI. And for the better distributibri of the f.iid-vellum, parchment, end pa* per, and that your Majesty's subjects may haVc the fame with convenience and at an erify rate: be it enacted, That the lord litutchaht or other chief governor or governors of this kirigdorii for the time -faking, shall, ohec itl et'ery year at leaf!, set the prices at widen all forts of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper shall be fold; and the said commissioners for managing the find duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, Hi all (lamp the frtieCs so lit upon cvety lfcin or piece of vellum or parchment, and on every piCcd and (hdet of paper so by them to be sold; and the said commSfiiohers shall llkeWifd UilMv and pay to every person who shall bring vellumi parcllment, OF pfiper to the said head-office to lie staniped, in pursuance of this a<Tt, the duti?§ whereof shall amount to the Turn of twenty pounds, or Upwards, five vellum, parchment, and paper, to be ‘damped with the duty of one hundred pounds, id the said schtdtile mentioned, after the rate of three pounds for ctrery hundred pounds Updn prompt payment of the said duty upon such vellum, pafehmedt, or paper so by them brought; and that any person or persons who shall buy any parchment 6i* paper at the head-office for stamping the fame, the duty whereof ffihll afndUnt 10 thfclikc sum of twenty pounds or upwards, save as aforesaid, shall have the farrie allowance for

prompt payment.

XLVII. Provided always, That no person shall b£ idtided td such allowance of three per cent. Unless an affidavit shall be sworn before Ode of the said commissioners, and lodged in the said office, that the vfcllurh, parthtttcnt ami paper, tip-on which such allowance is to be made*, js ihtfcndfed to be VCnded by tetail, and not otherwise.

jtLVlli. And Jbr better collecting arid fOctiriftg the duties hereby charged on pamphlets: b; it enabled, That one printed copy of every (licit pamphlet, which shall before or on the twenty-fifth day of March, olte thottfArid seven hundred and ninfciy-two, hi printed or publillted within thfi city of Dublin; shall within the space of six days after the 'printing thereof, be brought 16 the said head-office for marking or stamping VClItirtr, pai’chment, or paper, and the title thereof with the number of {facets coritaihC'd therein, and the duty hereby charged therein, shall be rendered or entered in a booh to be there kept for that purpose, which duty shall bte thereupon paid to the proper officer or officers appointed to receive the same, or his or (heir deputy ot clerk, who shall thereupon forthwith give a receipt for the fame on such printed copy, to 'denote Wife ‘payment of the duty hereby -charged on such pamphlets; and that one printed copy Of every such pamphlet that shall be printed ol pUbliffield in any place not being within the city of Dublin, shall, within the spacC of fouheOn days after the printing thereof, be brought to forirc head ilitlributOV bl tolleftoV Of the said stamp duties-, w]*6 if hereby required forthwith ‘to enter th'c title thertbf, with the number -of (heels contained therein, and the duty thereby charged thereon, in a book to be by him kept for that purpose, which duty (Mil be thereupon paid to fu'ch collector, whs shall give a receipt for the fame on such printed copy.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That if any such pamphlet shall be printed or pub-lilhtd, and the duty hereby charged thereupon shall not be duly paid Within thfc respective times herein before, for these several 'purposes hereby limited, then thfc printer and puhliflicr, and all Other persons concerted in and about the printing and publishing of such pamphlet, shall for ‘every such offence forfeit the sum of

twenty

The thirty-jirjl Year of George III. 5

twenty pounds, one moiety, whereof to he paid to the use of your IVI.ijcfiy, youT A. X) heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the use of the person who shall j-qj inform and sue for the same, by action or information, in nny of your Mnjedy’s Clun jcourts of record, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction.

L. And be it enacted, That no printer, or other person or persons shall publish any newspaper, or any paper serving the pitrpose of a newspsiprr, before he, flie, or they shall have entered into security by bond to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, for the payment of the duty on advertisements which shall be printed therein, or thereupon, upon pain that every person so offending forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, one moiety thereof to your Majesty, yoor heirs and successors, and the other to such person as shall inform and the for the fame, by action or information, in any of your Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bii: in the court of proper jurisdiction.

LI. And be it enacted, That all and every the materials and utcnfiis so* printing, used in, kept at, or belonging to any priming-house, in which any newspaper, or any paper serving the purpose of a newspaper as aforeflTHj h.uh been, or shall be printed, into whose hands soever the dime shall have Conte, or by what* ever conveyance or title the same shall be claimed, shall be in the (irlt place liable and subject to, and are hereby charged with all and every such film and sums cf money as have become due, or shall become duo, for the duty, by thiscr anr former act of parliament, charged on advert ifenfents, which have been, or (half he printed or pubiillied in such newspaper, of other paper as aforesaid, during such time as such materials or utcnfiis were, or -(hall be used in, or kept at, or did or shall belong to such priuting-house aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful* in all cases, to levy such sum and furos of money upon such materials and utcnfiis, in like manner as if the printer or printers of such newspaper, or other paper as aforesaid, were the real proprietor or proprietors of such materials and utensils at the time of levying the same.

LII. And be it enacted, That no person shall fell, or expose to Tale, any such pamphlet, or any such newspaper, or any paper serving the purpose of a newspaper, without the true name and surname or names and surnames, and the place or places of abode of some known person or persons, by or for whom the fame was really and truly printed or published, being written or printed thereon, upon pain that every person offending herein shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the use of fitch person as flfall fuc for the fame, by action or information, in any of your Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction.

LIII. And be it enacted, That no officer appointed for distributing vellum, parchment, or paper, in this kingdom, shall fell or deliver any stamped paper for printing any publick newspaper, intelligence, or occurrence, to any person, unless such person shall give fecuiity by bond as aforesaid, for the payment of the duties for the advimfements which shall be printed therein, or thereupon.

LIV. And whereas printers, puhlHhers, and proprietors of newspapers, intelligences, or occurrences, or other papers serving the purpose of newfnapers, intelligences, or occurrences, who have performed the requires, wlfich by law are required to entitle them to obtain from the commissioners for making your Majesty's stamp duties, or their officers, stamped paper for printing of such newspapers or other papers as aforesaid, of which they are respectively printer?,

publishers, cr proprietors, have supplied printers or proprietors of other newspapers, with stamped caper for the priming of such other newspapers, or other paper as aforesaid, whereby the laws relating th*. r-te have been e-.jJcd: for pre-6X2 vcmion

544 57^ thiriy-jirjl Year of George III.

A.D.

vcntion whereof, be it enacted, That in all cases where any person or perfor:, I 7QI. who is, or arc, -or shall be entitled to obtain from the salt! commntionera, or their

Chap. ! 2. officers, stamped paper for the printing of any newspnpcr, or other paper as aforesaid, of which he, she, or they is, or shall be primer or printers, pubiilher or publishers, proprietor or proprietors, shall furnsfh or supply any other ptifon cr persons with any such stamped paper, every such printer, pubiilher, or proprietor, shall for every such offence forfeit a sum of one hundred pounds sterling, to be recovered by action or information in any of your IVIriefly’s courts of record in this kingdom, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction, by any person or persons who shall sue for the same, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, and the other moiety thereof to the use of the person suing for the fame-, and if any person or persons shall make use of any stamped paper for the printing of any newspaper, or other paper as aforesaid, which he, she, or they shall receive, or be furnished with, by any other person or persons than the said commissioners, or their officers or distributors, every such person shall for every such offence, forfeit a sum of one hundred pounds, to be applied and recovered in like manner as the said lad mentioned forfeiture is to be applied and recovered.

liV. And forasmuch as it may be uncertain how many topics of such printed stewfpapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories may be fold: be it enacted, That the commissioners for managing the stamp duties, or any of them, or such of their officers as shall be by them appointed in that behalf, shall and may cancel, or cause to be cancelled, all the (lamps on such newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, which shall really and truly remain unfold in the hands of the person or persons, by or for whom the same shall be printed or publlffied, and upon oath, or if a quaker, upon solemn affirmation, made before the said commissioners, or any of them, or such officer, to the satisfaction of such commissioners, or any of them, or such officer as aforesaid, that all such newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, containing the (lamps so tendered to be cancelled, are really and truly remaining unfold in the hands'of the person or persons by or for whom the fame were printed or published, and that none of such newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, have been fraudulently returned, or re-bought, after the same shall have been fold and disposed of, or any profit or advantage nude thereof (which oath or affirmation the said commissioners, or any of them, and the said officer respectively, are or is hereby authorized to administer) and also to examine upon oath or affirmation into all the circumstances relating to the felling or disposing of such newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, shall or may deliver, or cause to be delivered, the like number of other (heels, half sheets, or less pieces of paper properly {lamped with the rnme respective (lamps, upon payment made for such paper, but no duty shall be taken for the (lamps thereon.

I.VI. Provided always, That where any almanack shall contain more than one piece of paper, it shall be sufficient to (lamp only one of the pieces of paper upon which such almanack shall be printed, and to pay the duty accordingly.

LVII. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners, or any of them, or such of their officers as shall be by them appointed in that behalf, shall or may cancel or cause to be cancelled any damped vellum, parchment, or paper, written or engrossed, which shall be inadvertently or undesignedly spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the purpose intended, and which shall not have been executed by any party or parties, and which shall not have been used for any other purpose or in any other manner whatsoever, nor any money or other confidential! paid or given to the attorney, solicitor, or other person employed to transact the bufiuefs intended to have been carried into execution by such writing oi engroflment, or to the writer or engiofler thereof, for the duty or duties

marked,

‘'Tie thirtj-f/jh Year of George III. 545

market!, {lamped, o; impr.cffcJ thejrcon, and upon oath (or if a quaker upon solemn A.D. affirmation) made to the f.uisfaclion of lift: said commissioners, or any of them, 1791* trot the hid officer, which oath or affirmation, the fai.l commissioners are, or Chap. 12. any of them, and the said officer is hereby, authorized to adminifUr, that such

damped vellum, parchment, or paper, (0 ..eiigrofled or written upon,- or fpciled, obliterated, cr by any. other m$:ms rendered unfit for the pinpose intended, hath not been executed by. any party, or parties,- or u(ed for any other purpose, or in any other manner whatever *, and that no money or other confiduation hath been paid or given for the duly or, duties marked, stamped, or impressed thereupon, save and except the iiionuy ’ first paid for such duty or -duties to the receiver-general of the {lamp ditties, or other,proper officer appointed to co!le£l and receive the same, and the said Commissioners are hereby required to- -damp or mark, or caut'c to be stamped or marked, for the several persons who shall bring and deliver any quantity of stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, so written or eiigrofled upon, fpoilol, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or service, the like quantity of Tcllum, parchment, or paper, with the several and respective duties damped, marked, or impressed on the vellum, parchment, or paper, so written or engrossed upon, fpciled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or fvrvj.ee, without, demanding or taking(ihecliy or indirectly for the fame, any sum of money ot other consideration v/Junsoever; and the said conuuifiumers for.-managing the stamp duties for the time bring, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered, from time to time, to make such rules am! orders for regulating the methods, and limiting the times for such-cancelling ami allowance as aforesaid, with respeil to newspuper*, almanacks, and Dublin directories, and other matter*, as they shall upon cxp'r.ence and considerutinn of tie fever*! circumfUnces, find luccssary or convenient for effectually securing the duties thereon, and doing justice to the persons concerned therein.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That from avid after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hum,'red and uinttv-or.e, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hum'red ml ninety-two ir.ciufive, if any pet fin or persons (hr.il print, publifit, fell, hawk, carry about, utter, or expose to fide any almanack cr calendar, or Dublin directory, or any newspaper, or any book, pamphlet, or paper, deemed or construed to be, or faring the purpose of any almanack, or Dublin directory, or newspap. v, or daily account of goods imported ami exported, except as before excepted, within the intention or meaning of this act, not being marked or stamped, as by this act is directed, every such person shall for every fudr offence foifcit the sum of forty ihiUings, to be recovered by any person who shall fuc for the fame in a fumnury way, before any justice of the peace, who ff hereby authorized to hear ami determine die fame, and upon due proof th.er - fi upon oath, and upon default of payment of the f.iid penalty, to commit the 0.:. t cr to pvilon for one month, wUhc-ut bail or mairpnzej which said penalty ihrtd be to die fide use and benefit of the person or pa Ions, who shall, without fraud ot covin, fir'.I sue for the same.

LII. And whereas many printers and publifl.cTS cf nt-wqraper., or d accounts as aforesaid, kv orlvarcly felling tied imped new (papers or daily acemu:1 defraud your M.ijctV. revenue, and injur: the fair trader: for prevent^ . whereof, be it enacted, That every printer or pv.blither of a newsp per, or daily account of goods imported exported (excep- before excepted) printed or published in in- oty >{ Dublin, or county of Dakliti, denr." the continuance of tl.is act, ffi.'li on every <Lv of pubiicat’ or the day following, between ti:c hours of twelve and two, nn each d-v, :-use to be delivered to the regificr of pamphlets, at the (lamp cilice in tbt. fin i:v of Dublm, one Humped imprefiiou or eepy of the find nev fp.pei io prime i or ruUiiUt1; u:d tv try puma or j ub-

pj.6 The thirty-firs, Teci ej George III.

A.D.

79l

Chap, i 2.

lifner of a newspaper, printed or published during the time aforesaid, in any other place in this kingdom, shall on the day'of the publication of such newspaper, or on the day following, in the ld.c manner, between the hours of twelve and two, cause to be delivered to the next distributor of stamps in the county in which such newspaper shall be printed cr published, two impressions or copies of every such newsp.ipsr so printed or published, stamped as aforesaid, for which fever.il copies or impressions so delivered, the respective printers or publishers thereof, shall be paid the usual and current prices of such impressions or copies; which said several stamped ccpies or impressions so delivered as aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby, declared to be evidence against the fevejral proprietors, publishers, and printers of such newspapers respectively, in all complaints, fiiits, actions, and prosecutions tq be commenced and carried on, as well touching such newspaper* respectively, as every matter and thing contained therein, and touching any other newspaper, and every matter aiu) thing therein contained, which shall be of the fame title, purport, or effect, with such impression or copy so delivered as aforesaid, although the fame should vary in some instances, and the printers, pub* lifhera, and proprietors of the said stamped impressions or copies so delivered as aforesaid, shall be deemed the printers, publishers, and proprietors, respectively of all newspapers, which shall be of the fame title, purport, or effect, with such copies or impressions so delivered as aforesaid, unless such printers, or proprietors respectively, shall prove that such newspapers respectively, were not printed or published by them respective’y, or by or with their knowledge, privity, or direction; and every printer, propriety, cr publishcr of such newspaper or newspapers, or daily account of goods imported and exported, except as before excepted, who Audi neglect or omit to deliver, or cause to be delivered, such copy or impression as herein before directed, shall foT every such omission pay a penalty of one hundred pounds; and every printer, proprietor, or publishcr of any unstamped ne« 1*

paper, or daily account as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every paper so undamped, which he or she shall print or publish, cr cause to be printed cr published, such penalties respectively to be recovered by any person or persons who shall sue for the same, by action or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in this kingdom, or by civil bill at tha sessions of the city or county of Dublin, or at the afltzes in such county where the printer, proprietor, or publisher of such unstamped newspaper or newspapers, or daily accounts as aforesaid, shall reside respectively, or shall print and publish such news* paper, or daily accounts, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, and the other moiety to the use of the person suing for the same.

LX. And be it enacted, That any person who shall buy or fell, or have, -or keep in his, her, or thrir: possession, any unstamped newspaper during the continuance of this a cl, shall be subject and liable to the ;penalty of ten pounds sterling for every :unstamped newspaper so bought or sold, or so found in his,

her, cr-their possession, such penaltyrto be recovered by civil bill; by any person who shall fuc for the fame; one moiety of such penalty to be disposed of to the poor of the parish in which such cffer.ee shall be committed, and the other to the use of the-informer.

LXI. And whereas many printers and publishers of newspapers, ft tike off a *ftcond publication, containing more advertisements than are contained in the copy given in at the head-office as aforesaid, or to the distributor, if in thlf . country, by which means your Majesty may be defrauded of the duties :hereby granted: be it therefore enacted, That any printer, or publisher, who shall vary any of the daily publications, or publish the :fame, without giving in a copy of: such second impressioa, if in Dublin, to the head-office aforesaid, or if in the -country, to the distributor of damps, 'shall for every such offence forfeit the sum

of

TJie Year of George III. 547

of one hundred pounds sterling to any person or persons who shall fuc for the A.D. fame m any court of record, by1 action, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no 1791.

eflbign, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed, or by civil bill in the proper j 2,

LXII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall print or publiflt any advertisement or advertisements in any pamphlet, newspapers, or other literary performance, Dial) within the space of thirty days after the printing or publication of such advertisement or advertisements, if the same shall be printed or published within the city of Dujblin, pay or cause to be paid die duty or duties thereon hereby charged, to the respective persons appointed to receive the same, or to their respectivo deputies or clerks; and if printed or published in any place out of the limits of the city of Dublin, then to the next adjacent head-officer for the time being appointed for the collc&ion of the said stamp duties; and the said commissioners and officers, or such of them to whom it shall appertain, are hereby required upon payment of the duties hereby charged on such advertisements, to give a receipt or receipts for the duty or duties hereby charged thereupon; and in default of such payment within die time herein before for that purpose limited, the printer or pubhlher of every such advertisement shall be liable to pay to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, treble the duties herein before by this act chargeable thereupon, to be recovered with full colls of suit.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That if any printer or pubiifher of any newspaper, or other paper serving the purposes of a newspaper, shall for the space of forty days after printing or publishing such advertisement or advertisements, neglect to pay the duties hereby charged on advertisements, the said commissioners, and their officers for uiftributing damped vellum, parchment, and paper respectively^ are hereby prohibited to fell, and deliver to, or for the use of any such printer or pubiifher so in arrear, any damped paper for printing any newspaper, until such printer or pubiifher shall have paid ami discharged all arrears of such advertisement duty, to the payment of which he was subject to and for the last day of the month, next preceding the month in which such payment shall be made.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons whatsoever, shall at any time or times hereafter, counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged any type, mark, or (lamp to resemble any type, mark, or damp already kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the head-office aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on vellum, parchment, and paper, or other matter directed to be damped, any of the dunes by this act charged thereon, or shall counterfeit, mark, or impress, or cause or procure to be counterfeited, marked, or impressed on any vellum, parchment, or paper, any mark or device to referable any mark or device used or kept at the head-office aforesaid for denoting the charging or marking on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter or thing directed to be damped, any of the duties by this act charged thereon, thereby to defraud your Majesty, your heirs or successors, of any of the duties hereby granted; or shall utter, vend, or fell* or cause to be vended, or fold, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with any counterfeit device, mark, or impression thereupon, to resemble any mark er device used or kept at the head-office aforesaid, for the purposes aforesaid, knowing such device, mark, or impression to be counterfeited; then, every such person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

LXV. And be it enacted, That from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two inclusive, ro prrfrn or p rfons O rll public);!}* or <5 Y: privately

jA’8 The thirt^f.rjl Year (//" George III.

K. D. 1791. Chap. 12.

'Pf!viti!y insure or open, or keep any office for insuring houses, furniture, good*, wj-r.-f-, merchnsuUzcs, or other property, from loss by fire in this kingdom, without first taking out a license for that purpofo, from the said commissioners for managing the stamp duties, in manner herein after mentioned.

/L.X-VI. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this act, the said commissioners for the time being, or the major part of them, shall under their hands and foals, grant a license for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes or other property, from loss by fire, to all and every body ami bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons applying for the fame.; which license shall set forth, the name or names and other description of the body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons taking out the fame, and also tire principal house or other place where such business of insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, and merchandizes, or other property from loss by fire, Hull, at the time of taking out such license, be principally carried on by the body or bodies politick or corporate, or-other person or persons taking out the same.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That all and every person and persons, and body and bodies politick-or corporate, who are or which during the time ^forefiiid, shall insure or set up, or -keep ar.y office for insuring houses, -furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other.property from. loss by lire, without the authority of such license ns dfou f.dd, or in any other house or plac*, c>;c pt the house or place to be mined in the license under which such body or bodies.peiitick or corporate, or other person or persons shall act; or such other house or houses, place or places, as H all be fubatdinate to t!-.c house or phico to be named in such license, and be kepi by foine person or persons employed as agent or agents to any such body or bodies politick or corporate, or other Person or persons having such license as pforeiVul, or in any other manner contrary -to such license, or to the intent and meaning of this a cl, shall forfeit for every day on which such offence shall be committed, the funi of fifty pounds, and also double the amount of the premiums of insurance which such body or bodies politick orcorporate, or.other person shall receive oji any such day.

bXVUl. And be it enacted, That nil and every person and persons, and body and bodies’poiitiek or corporate, to whom any such license as aforesaid shall be granted, ffii'.iat tlte time of receiving fuclMicenfc, give security, with sufficient (ureties, to be approval of by the major part of the fahl-commissioners, by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in such Turns as the said commisstpners may think reasonable, foas the fame do not exceed the probable amount of the duty payable by such body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons respectively fer half a year, with condition that if such person or persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate, Hull faithfully m ike out, sign, and deliver an account of all mo-, wey received for such duties uponinfmanecs, and well and truly.,make payment of all such sums of money as Hull be due and payable thereon to your Majesty, in purfu mec of, and according to the true intent and meaning af this act, and also truly ajul faithfully observe and perform all the directions, matters and things herein, contained on hi.5, her, or their behalf to be observed and performed, fu.ch bond shall be void, but oilier wife to renuhi in full force.

LMIX. And be it enacted, 1 li.it every license to be taken under this act,- shall. have force only from the day of granting the fame, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thous.m.l seven hundred ard uir.et}-two incufive, and no longer; but if t Itceiif.- fi.all he granted to two or more persons, and any or either of them ffial! die bdorc the said twerty-fiith day of March, it flail continue in force during, the time aforesaid, for the benefit of the survivor or survivors of the persons li-ceufvd.

The thirty-jirji Year of George III. 549

I.XX. And be it enacted, That where such business of insuring is carried ]),

on by companies, confining of a greater number of partner® than four, the license 1791. fotobe granted by the said commissioners in maimer iiforelah), AaJJ be granted to j 2,

such two or more of any such company or partners, as and for the whole company or parincrship as shall be named to the said commissionen, under authority from such company or partnership, and in every such case, the license shall continue in full force until such time as aferefrid, from the day of granting the fame, notwuli-lUuding the deaths of the persons to whom such license shall be granted, for the benefit of such company or partnership.

LXXh And be it further enacted, That a!i and every person and persons, and body and bodies politick or corporate, so to be itcensed as aforesaid, who from and' after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall grant any policy of insurance for insuring property from loss by fire, or shall continue to in’.urc on any policy, shall by themMves or such other person or persons as are, is, or shall be employed by, or under them, previously to the granting ci continuing such policy of insurance, demand, end receive for the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, of and from the person or persons, whose: property shall be so insured, the sum of one shilling for every Turn of one hundred pounds for which such policy shall be so made or continued, and so in proportion for any kfs sum, and shall give a receipt for the duty foprid, as and for one year’® duty on such insurance, from the day of the date of the policy thereof, and in default of receiving such year’s duty in manner aforesaid, such person or persons, or body or bodies politick and corporate, so granting such policy, Hull be accountable to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, for the said-ycai*® duty, as if the fame had been actually received.

LX&U. And for the more effectual prevention of frauds to evade the duty on insurances against loss by Gre; be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall act as agent or agent?, for any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, in publicity or privately insuring or receiving subscriptions for insuring, or delivering out policies or,receipts for insurance against loss.by fire, except forfuch person or personsu, bodies politick or corporate, as :shall be duly licensed as aforesaid, every such person shall for ev<jry such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; mid if any p.erson or persons, whose house or houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, fifcuate or being in this kingdom, shall be at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and -.the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two in-clufiv?, insured from, loss by fire, by any person or persons, or bodies politick or corporate, not vefident in this kingdom, shall omit, or neglect to pay the said commissioners th.e fikc.duty after the rate of one shilling for ev.ery one hundred pounds, as if such insurance were made by any person or persons Hcenfijd pursuant to this aevery such person shall forfeit the Aim of fifty pounds, for every such oraiffion or neglect, - the said penalties respectively to be recovered by any person who shall fuc -for the fame by bill, action, or information, in which no cffoign, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed, or by civil bill in the court of proper juris-di£tion.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That every person or persons, who shall at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-ofte,-and the twenty-fifth 4ay of March, one thousand seven hundred and qmety-two inchifive, entitle himself or herself, or themselves, to the benefit of any such insurance, shall forthwith, on his, her,'ey their becoming so (entitled, pay, or cause . to be paid, to the insurer or mfurers,' the duties aforesaid; and such infuter or in-furer® ilvali on every such payment, give a printed or written receipt for such duties to the person or persons paying the fame , and in case of any default of pay-

55 Tie ibirty-first Year of George III.

A.D.

went 'i"'y within the time, or In manner aforesaid, and before any loss

179^. shall be sustained, the policy of insurance, in respect of which such duty shall

Chap I 2 at:crue> shall, so f^r as regards the insured, be void to all intents and purj oses —v—whatsoever/.'

LXXLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of taking out a new policy of insurance before the expiration of an old policy, for the fake of insuring a greater or different sum, the fame proportionable abatement which the insurer or insurers shall make in refnest to the premium of itifurance, shall be made of the duty which under this act shall accrue on the new policy.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That all and every body and bodies politick and corporate, or other person or persons who under this act shall obtain a license for any office of insurance against loss by fire, shall, from time to time, keep a true and faithful account in writing, in which shall be inserted the number of the policy or instrument of infurahee, which from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall be issued or granted, or continued by such body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons, the name or names of the person or persons insuring, with the place or places of his, her, or their abode, the sum insured, and the time fur which the same shall be so insured, and also the day of the month and the date of the year in which such policy shall be issued } which account shall at all times be open for the inspection of any person or 'persons duly authorized under. the hands and seals of the said commissioners fer the stamp duties, or the major part of them, to inspect the same.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That all and every body and bodies politick and corporate, and other person or persons who shall have any license under this act, for any insurance office, shall, from time to time, within the space of two months after the twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or at such other times after the expiration of the said two months, as. may be appointed by the major part of the said commissionera of the stamp duties, giving a previous publick notice of fourteen days or more, by advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, deliver, or cause to be delivered to the said commissioners, or to the person or persons appointed by them to receive the same at the head office of the said commissioners, true copies of the accounts herein before directed to be kept by such licensed insurance office or offices, body or bodies politick or corporate, or such other licensed person or persons, for the quarter which shall have been completed before such day of delivery or notice, as the case shall be, and at the same time shall pay all such sum and sums as shall appear to- be due on Much accounts to the receiver-general for the time being, for receiving the said duties for the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, at the said head-office, upon pain of forfeiting for every such default tn not delivering the true copies of such accounts, the sum of five hundred pounds; and for every default in payment of the money due on such account, double the amount of the said monies due on the said account at the time of such default.

LXXV1L And whereas it is and hath been the custom for publick notaries to note bills of exchange for non-payment or non-acceptance, and not protest the fame in proper form of law, by which die payment of the duties upon such noting or notarial acts has been, and may be evaded: for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That every publick notary shall once in every two months, during the time aforesaid, deliver to the said commissioners of stamp duties, or some person authorized by them, at the head-office to receive the same, a faithful and true account in writing, and upon oath, of such bills of exchange as aforesaid, which shall hare been noted by such publick notary, and shall at the same time pay unto the receiver-

The thirty-fir/l Year of George III. 551

mver-geneTal of the stamp duties, the sum of two shillings and six pence for every A.D. such bill of exchange which shall be so noted by them, over and above the duty 1791. payable to his Majesty upon protecting the lame bill or bills, in case the owner or Chap, 12, owners, holder or holders thereof shall at any time thereafter think proper to pro-teftrhofame. {

LXXVIII. And in case any publick notary shall neglect to account as aforesaid, or to pay the duties aforesaid, every such publick notary shall for every such neglect or default in delivering a true account of such noting, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds\ and for every default of payment of the money due on such account, double the amount of the monies due on such account at the time of such

default.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That the said receiver-general of the stamp duties at the head-office, or other person or persons duly appointed by the major part of the said commissioners to receive the duties upon instances against loss by (ire, by this act imjfofed, shall make an allowance to all and every person and persons, body and bodies politick or corporate, so to be licensed as aforesaid respectively, for their own use and trouble in receiving the said duties, and making out such accounts as herein directed, after the rate of one shilling in the pound out of the monies by them accounted for and paid to such receiver-general, or such other person or persons aforesaid, according to the directions herein contained.

LXXX. And to prevent frauds on your Majesty, by persons insuring lottery tickets, by making a policy of insurance, originally intended to insure one ticket against the drawing of any particular day, serve for policy of insurance of-such ticket, or of any other ticket, against the drawing of another day, pr other days:

And to prevent persons insuring tickets, of which they are not proprietors and possessors, be it enacted, That no lottery office keeper, or other person shall grant or make any policy of insurance upon any lottery ticket, unlpfs such ticket shall be produced to him or her at the time of insuring the fame \ and that in every such policy . of insurance there shall be written the day of the drawing, against which the ticket described in such policy is to be insured, and the date of the contract or policy of insurance, and such* policy shall be in the fprm following:

-Irish

or Lottery for the year one thousand seven hundred and Britishi

Irish

A.B. being aSualtypossessed of the ticket, numbered as shove in the present. or lottery,

Britishi

-. , JVe the underwritten, in corftderation of

from him or her received, do promise to pay to him or her, or hit of , her assigns, the sum of or to return him

or her an undrawn ticket) in case the number belonging to the said ticket beorbe not drawn (or be, or be not fawn a blank or prize, as the case may be J on the

Irish

day of drawing of the present or lottery, and on no other day.

BritUb

Dated this deyjf one thousand

{even hundred and

- ’r Licensed For A. B» and

Littery-Office, No. > C. D.

Street, j Signed E. F.

6 Z 2

And

5S2 Tfo Year of George III.

A.D. &hd ft itti$ futh-polrey of ihfurante shall be made without the person malting Jftloducing thfe ritkbt, upon which rite -feme Ml be made, or tCIk^S. 12. &ny such polity of iiifurmict tftjr.il he used fot the insuring Of Tpch Uokttj or of any Oth'et tidtA fev any other day ih2ti the day so expressed ih such policy^ or if there be any erasure, or any alteration of any day or date in such policy) or of the mifflbfr ’of the ticket Vbmin tontaintfi; or of any policy for insuring a lottery wckrt bfefoadfe in Bnjr other form thtm as aforesaid, every Inch poliry shall be void, tod rtte ptfrfon dr {idrfons licensed to issue policies of insurance at the office where such shall fee Wli/e^ and Hheperson writing or issuing such policy, therein ft r HfcT, Or 'the?n, ^cfpCftively forfeit the sum of -fifty pounds for every such offence;' and every such person so offending, upon the view of any justice of tie Jpeddfe, fcrbrirtg ihtreof coiwfled -by the oath of any-erediWe witness before snyt thfeytacfc, rfhali, by tarafrt under the Iwttd and seal-of Inch justice, be VdmfoHftd 'so^tfoltmtilhe or (toe shall haverpsid thefridfum of fifty pounds, and the Ifcenfe granted to tht pwfcm -cr perinns -keeping such lottery office, shall from (frtdic'O'rivKlidfi bfc'deWnfed void to nil intentsand purposes whatever; and no 01-Virer TO-ft&ffip VtfWhrfo, psdclrment, *or papery with any of the-duties by

fihis hS'ifnbolbH, ftidll tntfrk'tfr ftrfmp any veHufn, pmchnient, or paper, intended ‘fo be trfed'ffor ony'ptopcffe vtfeflring 'dr delating <to-*iiy.' -lottery eftsbliffied in Great Britain, ffr in:the' kingdom, 'Wichdhedutifcs’hertby imposed onpolicies of 'inference VW^cruAy 'fldttits, unMs'tlieifc be Ifirfl.'printed ohtfuchvelhmj, parchment, ttrpaper, VHfe'forfh'-tff words afotefriil, ^pon 'ptwn erf forfeiting for every such offence the tfum ’iff ten pbiitiBsy Id^be WcOvetfed by <ciVU'blll, to!tfke«use of the perrfon who (haftfee for theft/he*

L-XXXI £Vfrd befa enacted, iBhdrit shall'hc b'condition mi the bond to-be ere-bu¥ea ;b^ <pbtftfnstal&ig'o'tft IfCertft* to&H, W'OUtwrwife dtal in lottery tickets, and ^irHurt&dff, '-tliatffnrh ‘p^rfon Hhtti! well end ^rafy 'conform to, and-cfoferve all'such Tufifs,‘Vifgiilb'tidris*, :fihll‘p#Ov»flW»&, hs'byafiy sCt-df iparliaWient tlustof forcein schi* WHgdoVh -'fhwfl 'be "Vetyiiriffi, ‘relbtiVfc to the infarnig aS 'lottery tickets, *so far as lit, HKe, '<ir tfHep, ’ffitffilfck:«Kfc<JVnbd*the Tffih.

LXXXII. And be it fctis&teti, TUWt it ftutlhand may behtwfiffitoabdforyoitr.-Majesty, your heirs and successors, and to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, out of the produce Of the duties hereby granted, to cause such sum and sums.of money to be expended and paid from time to time, for fnlrir ies a'nj 'other Incident changes, -as shall be necessary in and for the receiving, collecting, levying, or managing of the said'durics,

any ththg 'in this act contained to tilt contrary notwithstanding.

tXXXin. Atifl be it ‘schtioteH, tf/Mt all tod seveny the 'officer and officers*who shall bfexlbhcerned in the levying, collecting, and receiving the duties arising by this a ft, shall keep separate and distinlt accdi/nfs ^h'Creof, and <thtft thfejftjvfera'l ‘per-*foh's tm|)lt>'yeft ‘tb'cdlleft aticl'fevy rhc said'lhJtits hi *riie Ohytor county of Dublin, %blr'pdy 'oib fame in specie into your Majesty's treasury, on ’(ht first.Monday'in 'wtfyfobrtfti, bnUffsitbb a ’htfiiday, ^hd-thSn on ihfe 'nfext-Htry w*hieh IhsH mat bt a holiday; ami the fevbrtfl p^S)6 bttrployeH <to levy \<nd colle^:-chfefsaid‘duties In other parts of this kingdom, shall pay the same nh like manner, and at the like times, to the fevcrar'cdlU&drc of the ihlattH excise tff/the iftfpe&twe distritlB wi which the same shall be received and collefled1; 'aftfi such collectors of inland ex*

' oise Are hereby authorized and required to receive and give receipts forihe fame without fee or reward, and to keep dihinft accounts thereof; and every (lamp officer shall in six days after his making any payment into your Majesty's treasury, or to any of the said collectors, give notice of The amount’-of such payments to the commissioners for managing the stamp duties; and if such Officers, or any of them, shall neglect or omit to pay the duties Jfo 'by *him (levied and collected at

the

7is l~uir oj George III.

5,1

time, rr in manner aforesaid, or shall detain any part of the monies by then* \t j) »*j4 I'M/? *11.(1 id# /..(.I. r* Va 1\(1 (.# ll .11 l.n (1 lMl.lV. 1 r..\lll

be recovered by action, fun, information, or by any other of the means whereby debts may be recovered by your Majesty, your heirs and successors, from publics accountants or debtors.

LXXMV. And be it enacted, That there (halt be kept in your Majesty's tveafury, one book in which all monies that (liatl be paid into the treafuvy by virtue of this act, shall be entered apart and ditlinft from all other monies paid or ‘payable to your Majesty, your heirs and iuccefibis, upon any account vhatsoever.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That the comptroller of theduties hcrebygranted, shall certify once in every week to the accountant-general, the amount of she duties paid by the diflfibutors or -other officers of the (lamp ducier-, to the several collectors of the inland excise; and that every such dillrtbutor Hull like-wife certify to the accountant-general once in every month, the full amount of the sums paid by him on account of the said duties, to any collector or collectors of inland excite, specifying the name of such collector, and the respective times of payment, and ’the balance remaining m his hands *, and if such comptroller, or distributor shall neglect to certify in'manner aforesaid, he shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds*

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That all such collectors of inland excite, shall, as to all such stamp duties so by them received, be subject and liable to the fame mode of account, and the fame regulations as they are, and Hull be subject to in Tefpsft of any other-duties by them collected.

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, Tat noiie>of the duties granted by this act, shall be received or collected by, or paid to the said commissioners fov managing the stamp duties, and that the several persons who have been, or shall be respectively employed in receiving, cdllefting, or paying the several duties by this act, or any of the said former acts -granted, shall, when called upon for that purpose, cxi.ib;: their respective accounts of such duties to the commissiosuirs for taking impress accounts for the time being, or the major part of them, who Hull and are hereby respectively authorized and required from time to time, to examine upon oath the persons who shall be employed in railing, receiving, or collecting the said duties as to their accounts; and as to the sum or sums of money which was, or were by them, or any of them respectively v.iifecl, collt-sted, or received within the time of such their accounts, and likewise what part thereof was by them < any of them paid into the receipt of your Majesty\ exchequer, or to the colic* -for* of the inland excise as aforesaid, and in accounting before the said lom.v.i;-sioners, or the major part of them, they are to produce propervouchers for a:;\ sum or sums of money so by thirn raised, received and paid*, and the said commissioners of impress accounts, or ti.c major part of them, are hereby authorized and required finally to adjust and settle such accounts, and to give dileu: rg*, tithe said several accountants.

I.XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That when the accounts of the money received for the find several duties shall have been fu audited, the same shall be signed by the said con.itTioners of impress accounts, or the nwjor part oi them, uikI shall be at all times to the officers therein concerned, ?. full and futlkicnt varum ami dif-oharge to all intents and purpof-."*.

LXXXfX. And be it enacted, Th.it all penalties and forfeiture* imposed by tbas aft, unlcfj othtrutfv diue'e-d, n;..y be recovered by my person v.lm fit.ill iiie

I

snd tr.Cir hands, Utter the rate of twelve poun.isp/r tentumper annum, the same to

- A

The thirtyfn-ft Year of Czorge III.

1).

12.

for the fame by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of your M.:-jessy’s courts of record at Dublin, in which no efibign, protection, or wager of Jaw, or more than one imparlance shall he allowed, one raoiety thereof to the life of your Majesty, and the other moiety to the use of the person suing for the same.

XC. And be it enacted, That a separat- and diffinft account of all monic? arising by the duties mentioned in the schedule on licenses to keep lottery offices, and on all policies of insurance of* lottery tickets shall be-kept by the several proper officers, and that the fame or a -sufficient part thereof shall be paid and applied to defray the charges and expences of managing and drawing any lottcryior lotteries in this kingdom, iir such manner as the lord lieutenant, or.other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, Hull direct, and that the residue, if any,.shall be applied towards defraying-the expences of your Majesty’sgovern-

ment.

XCI. 'And be it enacted, That a separate and diffinft. account of a moietyofall monies arising by the duties on almanacks and calendars, and by the -duty oil Dublin directories mentioned: in the said schedule, shall be kept by the several proper officers, and that the fame.fluU be applied by the vice-treasurer orvice-treasurers, his or their, deputy.or deputies, in the first place, towards the-discharge of the interest of the sum of three thousand. pounds granted lall session of parliament, by an act passed in the said session, entitled, an act for granting the several fume therein mentioned,-for.certain public uses, and for the other purposes therein mentioned, to the provost,'fellows, and scholars of the college of the holy and-undivided trinity of queen Elizabeth, near Dublin, for the purposes in the said act mentioned, and that the reGdue thereof be applied towards defraying the necessary expences of your Majesty's government.

XCII. And be it enacted, That neither the six pence per pound, nor.any other fee, shall be payable to, or be deducted or received by the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver or paymaster-general, clerk of the pells, or.any other officer or officers of this kingdom, for their use, for or on account of the issuing or payment of any sum or sums-of money arising by,-or which shall be received for, or on account of the aids by this act granted, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this act, but that the same shall be received and duly accounted for to your Majesty, your heirs and successors.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That the schedule hereunto annexed, shall be deemed and taken to be a part of this act, to all intents and -purposes.

A

The thirty-fiy'! Year of George III. 555

a. n.

A SCHEDULE of the several Duties to be paid on

1 Chap. I >.

every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or '-—v—-' Piece or Sheet of Paper, on which shall L-e cn-grofled or written, or printed, any of the Articles, or Things therein let forth.

FOR every skin or piece of vellum, or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, on which shall be engrossed, written, or printed, the following articles, the duties following shall be respectively paid:

ARTICLES.

E.trrtcs.

C' '

Any licensc to keep a lottery office too , o

Any dispensation to hold two ccclcfiattical dignities or benefices, or both a dignity and a benefice, or any other dispensation or faculty from the lord archbishop of Armagh, or matter of the faculties for the time being - g 0

Any grant or letters patent under the great seal of Ireland, of any ! honour, dignity, promotion, franchise, liberty or privilege to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or exemplification of the fame, commissions of rebellion, in process always ex-

Any grant from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any fom of money, exceeding two hundred pounds, which shall pass the great

//.

o

0

o

seal of Ireland -

Any grant of any office or employment which shall be above the value of two hundred pounds per annum —* —

Any admission of any fellow of the college of physicians, or of any clerk, advocate, proflor, notary, or other officer or officers in any court whatsoever, except such officer be an annual officer in any corporation or inferior court, whose office is under the value of ten pounds a year in salary, fees, or other perquisites, or any appeal from the court -of admiralty, or the prerogative court, or at any archiepiscopal court - 1 -1

Any admission of any student in the society of King’s-Inns

Any admission of any bairifter into the Inns of Court -

Any pardon (except, the pardon passed in forma pauperis) of or for any crime or offence, or of any money or forfeiture whatsoever, or of any warrant or reprieve, relaxation from any fines, corporal punishment, or other forfeiture -

Any grant from his Majesty, his heirs or successors of any sum. of money not exceedingtwo hundred pounds, norJefs than one hundred pounds, which shall pass the great sea! of Ireland —

Any grant of any office or employment which shall be above the value of fifty pounds per Mnnnin, and under the.value of two hundred . pounds per annum - «—

poo

poo

<5 o o 10 0 o 10 0 0

400

4,0 o

400

7 A 2

Any

55°

A. D-1791

'The thirty-first Year of George III.

ARTICLES.

1Any grant of lands in 1'eei 'rease; for years, or other.grant or profit not herein particularly charged, that shall pass the great seal of the exchequer (cujhdiam leases excepted) -

Any presentation or donation which shall pass the great feaJ of Ireland, or upon which any collation to be made byanyarchbishop or bishop, of any presentation or donation to be made by any patron whatsoever, of or to any benefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecdciinflical promotion whatsoever, of the value of one hundred pounds a year A nd if of the value of two hundred pounds a -year, or upwards, the value to be ascertained by certificate of the archbishop or vicar* general of the diocese *, provided always, That two or more benefices cpifcopelly united, shall be deemed and taken to be one benefice only -

Upon each part of indentures for binding an apprentice to an attorney And a further duty for the fame ——

Any admission of an attorney into every court into which he shall be

admitted an attorney -

Any commission that shall be issued from any court whatsoever for taking affidavits -

Any exemplification of what nature soever, that shall pass the seal of any court whatsoever -

Any inflitution that shall pass the seal of any archbishop, bishop, chancellor! or other ordinary or ccdcfiaftica! court whatsoever; provided, that an inflitution to two or more benefices epifcopaliy united, shall be considered as an inflitution to a single benefice —

Any conveyance,’furremter of grants or offices, release or other deed whatsoever, which shall be enrolled of record in any of the courts of the city of Dublin, dr in any court of record whatsoever Any exemplification of a decree of flic court "of chancery under the great so.il ——

Any sentence that shall be given in the court of admiralty, or any attachment that ‘shall be made out of the said court of admiralty*

or any relaxation of any such attachment -

Any writ of covenant for levying a fine -

Any writ of entry for suffering a common recovery -

Any commission iflueil out of any ecclesiastical court not herein before

particularly charged ——

Any warrant, monition, or personal decree in the court of admiralty, except in suns for payment of seamen's wages -

Any probate of a will, or letters of admiuifiration for any estate above the value of thirty pounds, and not of the value of one hundred pounds ——

If of the value of one hundred pounds, and not of the value of three

hundred pounds ——

If of the value of three hundred pounds, and not of the value of

six hundred pounds ——

If of the value of six hundred pounds, and not of the value of one thousanri pounds -

If of the value of one thousand pounds, and upwards ——

Any

Duties. £> d

3 0 0


6 0 Q 2 0 0 700

300

lOo

O is O

0 15 0

O 7 c 076

07 6 07 6

0 7 6

07 6 070

o 5 o

0 10 o

1 0 0

1 xo 0

2 C O

The thirty-first Year of George III.

ARTICLES

Any writ of error, errtbrari, or appeal, except to the delegates Anv receipt or other discharge for any legacy left by any will or other testamenrary instrument, or for any share or part of a personal estate, divided by force of the statute of distributions, the amount whereof- shall not exceed twenty pounds, except such legacies as shall be left to the wife, children, or grand children, of the person making such will or testamentary instrument, or shall be divided among'!:

them by force of the said statute ——

Where the amount thereof, shall be of the value of twenty pounds, and not amounting to one hundred pounds, except as aforesaid Where the amount thereof, shall be of the value of one hundred pounds and upwards, except as aforesaid -

Any recognizance conditioned for the payment of nioney, or performance of covenants, or agreements, statute (taple, or statute merchant, or entered of record in any court or office, except such recognizances as shall be entered into by persons applying for licenses to fell by retail, beer, ale, wine, strong waters, or other liquors, which recognizances shall be considered as bonds, and shall pay accordingly — —* -

Any record of nifipriusy or pojlea^ ——

Every judgment whatsoever, which shall be signed by the matter of any office, or his deputy, or secondary, or by any prothonotary, or his secondary, deputy or clerk, or any other officer belonging to any of the courts of the city of Dublin, who have power, or usually do or shall iign judgments -

Any bill, answer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depositions taken by commissioners, or any pleadings whatsoever in the courts of chancery or exchequer, save and except exceptions to answers filed in the said courts ——

Any indenture, icafe, or deed-poll not otherwise charged, except indentures of appremiceship, where no apprentice fee shall be given, or if any be given, such apprentice fee shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds, and also except indentures for binding poor parish, or other children supported by publick or private charities, and also except indentures binding apprentices to attornies —

Any charter, party, policy of infurauce, paffporr or any protest, procuration, letter of attorney, except warrants of attorney for judgments on bonds, or any other notarial aft whatsoever, -

Any admission into any corporation or company-----

Any decree or dismission made by or in the courts of chancery or ex-

Any writ of habeas corpus ——

Any special bail to be taken in any of the courts in the city of Dub.

lin, or before any of the judges of the said courts, or in any court

Any common bail to be filed in any court whatsoever, and any appearance that shall be made on such bail -

Any affidavit, except such affidavits as shall be taken before the officers of his Majesty's customs or excise, or any justice or justices of the peace, or before a magistrate of any corporation acting as a justice Vol. XV. 7 B of

Duties.

£ ' d o y o

A.D.

!79l-Chap. 12.

0 2 (J

0 y o

1 O 0

o 5 o

o 5 o

o 5

o 2 6

0 2 6

0 2 6

0 2 0

o i 6

o i o

0 I o

0 10

S.58

The thirly-frjl Year of George III.

A.D. 1791. Chap. 12.

ARTICLES.

Duties.

of the peace, or acting in any court of conference, or of a summary jurisiiicUon, or before any judge of assize, or commission oi oyer and terminer relative to prosecutions or trials or indictments, or to civil bills, or that shall be made for the purpose of raising or accounting for the public money, and except affidavits made relative to the hempen and linen manufactures, or to the payment of corn premiums, or made before the trustccs of any turnpike, relative to the roads or tolls of such turnpikes, or affidavits made before the

Dublin fucicty - 0 t o

Any copy of such affidavit which shall be read in any court whatsoever - 002

Any original writ (except such original upon which a writ of capias if-.fucs) subpoena, writ of capias qmmitius, writ of dedimus potcjlattm^ to take answers, examine witnesses, or appoint guardians, or any other writ whatsoever, or any other process or mandate that shall 'issue out of or pass the seal of any of the courts of the city of Dublin, or any other court whatsoever, holding plea where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above, or the thing in

demand is of that value - 010

Any entry of any action in the mayor’s, or fherilFs courts of the city of Dublin, and in courts in all corporations, and in other courts whatsoever, out of which no writs, process, or mandate issue, holding plea where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above 010

Any rule or order, except in causes prosecuted upon indictments, or which relate to preferments made or given in any of the courts at the city of Dublin, either courts of law or equity which shall be taken out - 010

Any copy of such rules or orders, except in causes prosecuted upon imli&ments, or which relate to presentments entered, or the copies of any other record or proceedings in any of the said courts of the said city of Dublin, not hereby otherwise charged — 010

Any citation or monition made in the prerogative court, or in any ecclesiastical court, or any libel or allegation, deposition,answer, fen* tence or decree, or any inventory exhibited in the prerogative court, or in any ecclesmstical court, or the court of admiralty, or whereupon any copies of them respectively shall be engrossed or wiit-ten, except in suits for recovery of Teamen’s wages — o t o

Any warrant of attorney, for entering judgment on any bond — o i o

Any release, contract, bond, or other obligatory instrument ----- 010

Any memorial of any deed, conveyance, will, or devise, which shall be registered in the publick office for registering such memorials

above all duties payable thereon - o 1 o

Each and every exception or exceptions to any answer filed in any court of equity in this kingdom - 010

And a further duty for the fame, afrer the rate of one shilling for every ninety words which each and every exception shall contain, over and above the first ninety words ----- o j 0

And a further duty upon each and every such exception, over and above

the first ten exceptions —- —- 026

And

The shirtj-frjl Year of George III.

ARTICLES.

And a further duty for the fame, after the rate of two fliillirgs and £x pence for every ninety words which each and every such exception shall contain, over and above the first ninety words —

Any copy of any will attested by the proper officer of the prerogative court, or any ecclesiastical court -

Any insurance of a lottery ticket ——

Any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or other pleadings whatsoever, in any court of law, or any copy thereof Any depositions taken in the court of chancery, or court of exchequer, except the paper drafts-of such depofuions taken by virtue of any commission before they arc engrossed, which are not herein before charged ——

Any copy of any bill, answer, plea, demurrer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depofuions, or other proceedings whatsoever, taken in the court of chancery, or court of exchequer, or in any

court of equity ——

Every almanack or calendar for any one particular year, or for any time Iefs than a year, which shall be printed on one side only of any one (beet or piece of paper only, and which shall not be afterwards

bound or separated into leaves -

Every other almanack or calendar for any one particular year — Every almanack or calendar made to serve for several years, the ref-

peftive rates of one penny — — __

And two pence shall be paid for every such year as aforesaid —

Every Dublin directory -

Every paper containing public news, intelligence, or occurrence Any instrument entitling any person or persons exporting any goods, wares or merchandizes, to any drawback or bounty on the exporting the fame - ——""

Any license for retailing wine, beer, ale, spirits, or cider -

Duties.

£.s. d.

A.D. 1791. Chap. 12.

026

002 o o 0

00;

0 o 1

001

002

004

0 o r

002 0 0 2

001

0 0 r

001

7 B s

CHAT.

The thirty-Jhrfl Year of George III.

CHAP. XIII.

An Act for regulating the issuing of Licenses for the Sale of Spiritous Liquors by Retail, and for remedying the Abuses which have arisen from the immoderate Use of such Liquors.

WHEP-EAS the use of spiritous liquors prevails to an immoderate excess, to the great injury of the health} industry, and morals of the people: and whereas the laws now in being for regulating licenses for the sale of spiritous liquors by retail, have been found insufficient for the purposes for which such laws were enacted; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there shall be payable unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for every license to be granted for felling any kind of spiritous liquors by retail in the city of Dublin, and in all places within the circular road, surrounding the said city, and within the distriG of the metropolis of Dublin, twenty pounds} and in every place beyond the circular road, and the wall of his Majesty's park<the Phoenix, not distant more than two miles therefrom, the sum of fifteen pounds; and every other place beyond the Circular-road and the wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not distant more than five miles therefrom, the sum of ten pounds; and within the city of Cork, the sum of twenty pounds; and within the rest of the county of the said city, the sum of fifteen pounds; and within the city of Waterford, the sum of twenty pounds; and within the rest of the county of the said city, the sum of fifteen pounds; and within the city of Limerick, the sum of twenty pounds; and within the rest of the county of the said city, the sum of fifteen pounds; and within all other cities, corporate towns, and market towns, and within one mile of the town-house, market-house, or principal market place thereof, the sum of six pounds; and for every license for felling such liquors as aforesaid, in any other part of this kingdom, a sum of four pounds yearly, as herein after is provided.

II. And be it enacted, That all licenses granted in pursuance cf any former law to fell spiritousjiquors by retail in the city of Dublin, and within the district of the metropolis of Dublin, and the wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix; and within the counties of the cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and the twenty-fourth clay of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, be null and void; and all licenses to fell such liquors as aforesa'ul, in all or oilier parts of this kingdom, granted between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and the twenty-ninth day. of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, be null and void; and every person having taken out such license, who shall afterwards take out a license in pursuance of this ntl to fell by retail in the city of Dublin, and within the Circular-read and district of the metropolis of Dublin, and within the counties of the cities of Cork, 'Waterfcid, ;iul Limerick, which license frail be

of

The thirty-Jhjl Year of George III. 56r

of lorcc until the twenty-fifth d.iy of March following, shall have an allowance J\t J)#

out of the duty to be paid on fuel) new license, of so much as iliriH have been paid I *7Q r.

fur any Ilcenfc taken out before the find twenty-fourth d.;v of June; ami in case j t

any person who shall have taken out a license to retail spiritous liquois, fitall not

take out a new license for retailing fuJi liquors for the remainder of the year,

every such person shall be repaid so much of the duty ;uid by him on the license

hereby vacated, as shall eject'd the pioportiou o: the duty by this act piyJ.dc on

licenses according to the time the Hccufea hereby vacated were in force;

which re-payment shall be made by tin: collector of the diilricf, out of any money

in his hands not appropriated to any patticuhr purpose.

III. And be it enacted, That 1:0 Jiccnfo be granted to any person for selling by retail, any spiritous liquors within the cirv of Dublin, and the Circular-road, or the districh of the metropolis of Dublin, and i;i cveiv piiee beyond t)iC CjrcuJjr-roari, and the wall of his Majesty's park the l'l.tum, not diflan: more than five miles therefrom, and within the cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, and within the rcll of the counties of the f.iid cities, except to such persons as shall Keep victualling-houses, inns, taverns, coffee-houses, ot alc-houses, and life and cx-ercife no other trade whaever; and any license which Hull be granted to any other person other than as aforesaid, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void.

IV. And be it enacted, That no person shall be licensed as aforesaid, unless he or file shall be also licensed to fell strong beer and ale by retail.

V. And be it enacted, That no license for the fide of spiritous liquors by retail, if within the city of Dublin, or within the find Circular-road, or the distri<51 of the metropolis of Dublin, and in every place beyond the Circular-road, and the wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not diiiant more than five miles therefrom, or within the cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, or within the rest of the counties of the said cities, shall be granted to any person, unless such person with two sufficient -furetiesy not being distillers or publicans, shall enter into a bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the fttm of fifty pounds-; and if in any other part of this kingdom, unless such person with two such sureties as aforesaid*

shall enter into a like bond in the sum of twenty pounds, conditioned that such person shall, during the time such license shall be of force, be constantly provided with good strong beer or ale for sale by retail, and shall fell victuals, beer, ale, or spiritous liquors respectively at reasonable rates, and fitall not fell spiritous liquors on a Sunday before the hour of one of the clock in the afternoon, and shall not fell any such liquors in the morning of any other day before sun-rise, nor after an unseasonable hour in the evening, nor fell any spiritous liquors to any tradesmen, artificers, or labourers resorting to his or her house for the purpose of receiving wages due to them, and shall not wittingly or knowingly entertain any artificers or tradesmen aflbmbling for the purpose of entering into any unlawful combination, which bonds the respective collectors of his Majesty's excise are hereby empowered and required to take.

VI» And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty^fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, no person shall be licensed to fell by retail, any spiritous liquors within the city of Dublin, and -circular road aforesaid, or district of the metropolis of Dublin, and in every place beyond the Circular* road, and the wall of his Majesty's parie the Phoenix, not distant more than five miles therefrom, or within the cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, or with* in the rest of the counties of the said cities; or from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall be licensed to fell by retail, any spiritous liquors within any city or town, or the liberties thereof, being a county in itself, unless the person so applying for such license, shall V o l. XV. 7 C produce

562 The thiriy-frjl Year of George III.

produce to the collector of the district, a certificate signed by a magistrate of such city or town; and in case there be no magistrate in such town, then by the persons in this act dtre&ed to grant certificates in the counties in which such town-, arc firoatc, that the person so applying for a license is a proper person to be li-confect, nor unless the persons who shall be proposed to be sureties for the person applying for a license be named in such certificate, and therein approred of by such magistrate, or other persons ns aforesaid.

VIf. And be it enacted, That from and after the said twenty-ninth (by of September, no license shall be granted to any person to fell by retail, spiritous liquor* in any other part of this kingdom, unless the person so applying for such license shall produce to the collector of the district, a like certificate, signed by two jul-tices of peace for the county, assembled as hereafter directed, in which lie or she shall reside, and in which certificate the names of the sureties for the person applying for a license shall be set forth and approved by such justices.

VIII. And for the more csfiiy obtaining certificates from the justices of the peace in places within counties at large, be it enacted, That at the quaner-felfior.s held in the month of July, the justices assembled shall appoint the several time* previous to the twetuieti of September following when, ami also the several towns in the county where a speci.il sessions shall meet for the purpose of granting certificates, and such justices shall cause public notice to be given thereof; and in case no justices shall attend at such July sessions, then the Iherilf of the county shall appoint the times and places in like manner, and cause like notice to be given; and any two or more justices assembled upon such notice, shall proceed to enquire whether the persons requiring such certificates, are proper persons to be licensed to fell spiritous liquors by retail, and whether the sureties named for such persons whom they shall think proper to be licensed arc sufficient and not fewer than two stich juflicee of the peace shall give a certificate under their hands and seals, to every person applying for the fame, whom they shall judge proper to be licensed; in which certificate the place of his or her residence shall he deferihed, and also the names of such persons proposed to be sureties in such bond as aforesaid* whose security shall be approved of by them, and one of such justices shall certify that he knows the person applying for such license, and lives in his vicinity.

IX. And be it enacted, 'Hut if the justices shall neglect to attend at the several times and places so appointed, that then and in such case only, it shall be lawful for the collector of the district: to grant licenses upon the certificates of any one justice of the peace of the county; provided that where there 1$ a corporation within such county «t large, it may be lawful for the justices of such corporation, to grtfht certificates within the liberties of such corporation, before the twentieth day of September, and that upon their giving notice at the July sessions of such thfcir intention, no justices of the county shall grant any certificate for any license within such corporation; but in failure of such notice being given, the justices of such county at large, shall grant such certificates.

X. And be it enacted, 'fliat the several collectors of excise in this kingdom, in rtreir tespective dilfcrffts, ‘shall upon receipt of the duty by this act required to be paid, grunt licenses to all persons to fell fphrtous liquors by retail, who shall have prmmrcd’such certificates as aforesaiilj'ihil'who^vhhfuiihfureties as shall be named in such certificate, shall have -entered into bonds conditioned as aforesaid, to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccdTors; ’prodded always, that such person shall at the fame'time take out a license for felling ftiong beer or ale 'by retail, and pay the duty payable thereon.

XL. And be it enacted, ‘Hurt every collector of excise, who shall grant any such liccitfc v> (ell spiritous liquors Jby Tetail, shall over and above the duty payable for the

The thirty-fnjl Year of George III. 56;

the tame, take and receive to his own use, a fee after die rate of one shilling in the /\, J"),

pound for the find duty; and also a fee of two shillings for every bond as afore- \~()\.

said* Chop. I ).

XII. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall have applied to any such magistrate or justice of the peace for such certificate as aforef.dii, and such m.ig‘f-trate or justice shall have refused to grant the fame, ami the person so applying,

shall think himself or lierfclf aggrieved by such rcfuf.il, it shall and inav be lawful for every such person to appeal to the next Crfiions of the peace to be held in the city, town, or county in which such person shall refute; and in case the justice* at such feifions of the peace shall think such person proper to be licensed, and lit nil approve of sureties to be named by such person, the same shall be certified by the derk of the peace, who is hereby required to grant such certificate without fee or reward; and thereupon the collector of the distritl shall grant a license in tl.«-same manner as i? such person had been approved of by the magistrate or justice* to' whom application was first made.

XJ1l. And be it enacted, That no magistrate or justice of the peace, shall give any certificate to any person to entitle him or her to a license for felling spiritous liquors by retail, unless the house in which such person is to be licensed to retail the same shall contain two fixed hearths or fire places open for use; and in case any person not having two fixed hearths or fire places open for use in the house in which such person )6 so Hcettfed shall obtain a Hccnfe, such Hceufe shall be considered as null and void to all intents and purposes, and such person shall be subject to the like penalties as persons felling without license.

XIV. And be it enacted, That no person shall be deemed a victualler within the meaning of this act, who shall not furniflt and fell victuals and provisions to be consumed in his or her house.

XV. And be it enacted, That every person who shall be convicted of being a retailer of spiritous liquors without such license as aforesaid, according to any of the provisions of this nCt, shall for the first offence, if committed within the city of 'Dublin, or within the Circular-road, or the <liflrict of the metropolis, and in every place beyond the Circular-road ami the wall of his Majesty's park the Vhccnix, not distant more than five miles therefrom, or within the cities of Cork,

Waterford, and Limerick, and within the rest of the counties of the said cities,

shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; ami if committed in any other place shall forfeit the sum of five pounds,-to be levied by distress and fide of the offenders goods; ami in default of payment thereof shall he committed to gaol for a'space not exceeding one month; and if any person convicted of such offence, shall a second time offend as aforesaid, every such person shall forfeit the sum of forty pounds, if such offence be committed in the city of Dublin, or within the said Circular-road or district of the metropolis of Dublin, ami In every place beyond the Circular-Toad and the wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not distant more than five miles therefrom, or within the city of Cork, Watciford or Limerick, or within the rest of the counties of the said cities; and the sum of ten pounds if such offence be committed in any other place, and shall moreover he committed to gaol, there to remain without -bail or mainprize for the (pace of three months.

XVI. And be it enacted, That if any person shall forfeit his or her said bond, and judgment be had thereon against him or her, that such person shall be for ever incapable of receiving a license to fell spiritous liquors, and that every license granted, or to be granted to any such person shall be void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

‘XVII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall by him or lierfclf, or by any other person employed by him or her, or for his or her benefit, retail any 1 C 2 spiritous

564 The ihiriy-frji Year of George III.

A.D.

spiritous liquors mixed or unmixed with any ingredients to be drank or consumcri 1791. *n any quam'ty whatsoever in his or her houses, warehouses, (hops, cellars, vaults, Chap 13 roomSt (beds, or other places to him or her belonging, or that shall retail or fend the fame abroad, out of his or her houses, ware-houses, store-houses, (hops, cellars, vaults, rooms, sheds or other places, in Iefs quantity than one gallon, shall be deemed a retailer of spiritous liquors within the meaning of this act.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every person not licensed to fell spiritous liquors by retail, who shall have or keep any ball-court, cock-pit, or (kittle-alley, shall be deemed a retailer of spiritous liquors, and shall be subject to all penaliic-to which any unlicensed retailer of spiritous liquors is subject, unless such person* flial I be licensed to fell strong beer or ale by retail.

XIX. And be it enacted, That no person shall hawk, fell, or expose to file, any spiritous liquors whatsoever, in any street or highway, or field, cr any other uuiicensed place, or flmll fell, or expose the same to sale on any table, or in any booth or tent, or on any bulk, flail or flied, or on ~r in any place or pljces, or in any other manner whatsoever, other than in such place or places as are herein before mentioned or allowed, upon pain of forfeiting for every such offence, the sum of ten shillings; and that it shall and may be lawful for any magistrate, justice of the peace, or other peace officer, or any revenue officer, to seize and take away, or to destroy, or cause to be seized, taken away and ddlroyed, all such spiritous liquors which shall be found so exposed to sale, and the vessels containing the fame, and all vessels and utensils used for measuring or drinking the fame, found therewith; and it shall end may be lawful for any magistrate or justice of the peace, for the city or place wherein such offence shall be committed, on his or their own view, or on confession of the party, or by proof of such offence by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to convict any person so offending as aforesaid; and every such person so convicted, shall on such conviction, forfeit the sum of ten shillings to the church-wardens of the parish where such offence shall be committed, or one of them, for the use of the poor of such parish; and on such offender or offenders refuting or neglecting to pay the said sum, the.magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices so convicting as aforesaid, shall and may by warrant or warrants under his or their' hand and seal, or hands and seals, commit the offender or offenders to gaoJ, there to remain for the space of one month, from the day of such commitment, and every sum or sums of money arising from the conviction of any person or persons as aforesaid, in case there be no informer, shall be wholly paid to the church wardens of the parish wherein the offence shall be committed, or one of them, and applied to the use of the poor of such parish; but if there shall be an informer, one moiety of such money shall be paid to the informer for his own use, and the other moiety to the church-wardens as aforesaid, or one of them, and applied to the use of the poor of the parish as aforesaid; and every person so eipofing spiritous liquors to sale, shall be liable to all other penalties to which persons felling spiritous liquors without license are liable.

XX. And be it enacted, That no license for retailing spiritous liquors, shall empower any person to whom the fame may be granted, to fell such spiritous liquors in any other place, except in such houses or places thereunto belonging wherein he, she, or they shall inhabit and dwell at the time of granting such license, and which shall be described therein.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons licensed to fell spiritous liquors, shall die, the executors, administrators, or assigns of the person or persons so dying, who shall become possessed of such house or place, may lawfully

Tlx thirty-jirjl Year of George III. 565

1791. Chap. i.V

fully fell spiritous liquors therein, subject to the several conditions of this aeV, «n- A.D. til the expiration of the term for which the said licensc shall have been granted.

XXII. And be it enacted, That every person licensed to fell spiritous liquors by retail, shall have or cause to be painted on a board, with letters publickly vili-ble and legible, at least an inch long, in white upon a Mack ground, cr in black on a white ground, his or her name and surname at full length, and the words, licensed to retail spiritous, or such liquors as such persons Hull he licensed to till, as the case may be, and shall affix the fame on some conspicuous place on the ouffide of the front of his or her-house, not more than three feet dilbnce from the top of the (hop door, or street door of the said house; and Hull preserve and keep oip the fame, during the time he, she or they shall continue to fell such liquor., and in default thereof, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any magistrate, justice of the peace, surveyor, gauger, or other officer of excise, in the dev time, to enter into any Chop, store-room, or house whereon is affixed any such shew board or notification, importing that there is a license to retail spiritous or oilier liquors therein, and to demand a view of the licensc, under or by virtue of which the person or persons reffding therein, shall claim a liberty to fell such liquor or liquors; and if no sufficient license shall be produced, every such person shall forfeit the sum of thirty pounds.

XXIV. And for preventing drinking at unreasonable hours, and the harbouring of suspiciou9 persons in houses lieenfed to fell spiritous liquors, be it csucVd,

That it shall be lawful for any chief constable, or high constable to enter any inch.

house as aforesaid, in the distritl of the metropolis of Dublin, and to remove aS! persons drinking therein, between the Lours of twelve in the evening and seven in the morning; and if any person keeping a house licensed to-fell spiritous liquors by retail, shall not admit such chief constable cr high cor.it ib!e into such house, or shall not fuller such chief constable or high constable to remove all persons drinking therein, such person shall pay a penalty of five pounds upon conviction before a magistrate upon oath, and upon proof being made to the fuiiefadion of such magistrate, that such chief constable or high constable demanded entrance by knocking or otherwise, so as to have been heard from within, and such penalty shall go to the informer, and no part thereof Hull be remitted.

XXV. And be it enacted, That if any person shall buy or obtain for any considerution given, or to be given, any spiritous liquors in less quantity than one gallon in any house, not having affixed thereon such board with the words herein before directed to be painted thereon, every such person shall for every such offence upon being convicted thereof before any magistrate or justice of the peace, forfeit a sum not exceeding five shillings, nor less than one ihllling; and such person shall by such magistrate or justice be committed to gaol until such penalty shall be paid, and such penalty when levied shall be paid to the

informer.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That no person shall be entitled unto, or maintain any cause, action, or suit for, or recover either in law or equity, any sum of money or demand for or on account of any spiritous liquors, unless such debt shall have been really and kcita fide contracted at one time to the amount of twenty shillings or upwards; nor shall any particuhar article or item in any account or demand for spiritous liquors be allowed or maintaived where the liquors delivered at one time, and mentioned in such article cr item, shall not amount to the full value of twenty shillings at the lead, and that without fraud or coven, ami where no part of the liquore so fold or delivered shall have been returned, or agreed to be returned directly or indirectly; and in case any retailer of spiritous liquors, with or without a license, shall take cr receive any pawn or pledge from any perllm by

V o 1.. XV. 7 D w..y

566'

5The thhty-jirjl Year of George III.

A D. v/a’/'of fccurlty for the payment of any sum or sums of money owing by such per*

fnn fnr C«ir1i fnii*ifnnc linimra. ^VPrv fill’ll n*»rfnn fn nfl>*n/1«nfr flvill tVir* fn»ri

giflrate or justice of the peace where the offence shall be committed; and that one moiety thereof shall be to the.life of the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed, and the other moiety to the informer or informers; and the person or persons to whom any such pawn or pledge shall belong, shall have the fame remedy of recovering such pawn or pledge or the value thereof, as if it had never been pledged.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That no person shall have any remedy for, or recover any sum of money on account of any porter, beer, ale, or spiritous liquors sold to an unlicensed retailer of such liquors; nor shall any unlicensed diffilkr have any remedy for, cr recover from any person any sum of money on account of any spiritous liquors sold by such unlicensed difliller; and all promissory notes, bonds, or other writings given as a security for the payment of debts contracted for any porter, beer, ale, or spirits so sold to aa unlicensed retailer, or for any spiritous liquors sold by.an unlicensed distiller, are hereby declared to-be void and of none effect.

XXVIII. And ‘be it enacted, That if any person shall agree to pay any journeyman, workman, servant, labourer, or other person employed by, or working under him or her, or under his or her direction, so much money for wages, and such a quantity of spiritous liquors, as together with such money shall amount to tiic value of the wages which shall be ordinarily aml.usually paid for the work such journeyman, servant, labourer, or other p:rfon shall be employed in, or shall set off, ftoo, or deduct all or any part of the wages or hire due to such journeyman, workman, servant, or labourer, for any spiritous liquors delivered to him, every person so offending, shall for every such offence upon being convicted thereof before any magistrate or justice of the peace, forfeit the sum of forty shillings, to be levied and recovered in the same manner as any penalty by this act is recoverable before any magistrate or justice; and such forfeiture shall be paid to the church wardens in the parish in which the offence shall be committed, to be applied to the use of the poor of such parish; and such journeyman, workman, servant, labourer or other person, shall be entitled to his or her whole wages, notwithstanding such agreement, setting off, flopping or deducting, and shall have the like remedy in law for die fame, as if all or any part of such wages were not paid; and every person giving or procuring credit to be given for spiritous liquors fold or drank as aforesaid, shall forfeit five pounds, to be paid and applied as afortfjid.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That no person employing journeymen, workmen, servants or labourers, shall by himself, or by any other person, pay any journeyman, workman, servant or labourer employed by him, the whole or any part of the wages due to such journeyman, workman, servant or labourer, in or at any house in which any beer, ale, or spiritous liquors shall be fold; and every person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be levied by warrant under the hapd and Jeal of any magistrate or justice of the peace, by distress and sale of the parties goods and chattels; and all payments of wages made in manner aforesaid, shall be null and void.

XXX. And be it enacted, Thar if it shall appear that any person who shall be licensed to fell spiritous liquors by retail, shall have without fraud sold by retail within the year, strong beer or ale, in the cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford, or Limerick respectively, in the quantities herein after mentioned, proof whereof shall be made by the affidavit of such person, and by the certificate of the brewer or person by whom the same shall have been sold to such retailer, that fuel; quan-

tity

The tliriy-jirjl Year r,f George III. Tir

tiry wm so sold by him, and also by the certificate of the surveyor or gaugers th.it A.D. he had received notice of the delivery of such beer or ale, and of the refytiflive 1791. time? when the fame were delivered, and that he had inspected the fame; in case Cililj). I such retailer shall have fold seventy.five barrels of strong beer or ale, such retailer Y shall be entitled to a reduction of one sixth, and in case he or (lie shall have fold one hundred barrels of strong heer or ale, to a reduction of one fifth, and in case he or she shall have fold two hundred barrels, to a reduction of one third of the duty to be paid for his or her iicenfe for the year next ensuing, provided it dull appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, that the several requisites herein have been duly performed.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That no person shall keep a shop or other place so* the sale of spiritous liquors by wholesale, without taking out a License from the collector of the district in which such person shall refulc, for which License there shall be paid to such collector, a fee of two shillings and eight pence halfpenny, and no more*, and if any person shall fell any spiritous liquors by wholesale, without having taken out such License, he or she shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That no such License shall be granted, un’cfs the person licensed shall, with two sufficient sureties, enter into a bond to his Majof-ty, before the collector of the district, in the penalty of fifty pounds, conditioned that he or file shall not fell any spiritous liquors in any quantity at one time, less than one gallon.

XXXIII. Provided always, That no person shall be received as a surety in such bond, unless he shall prove upon oath, to the satisfaction of the justice of the peace, that he is a housekeeper, and worth one hundred pounds ab.:ve all Ins just debts, and shall obtain from such justice, a certificate of his having made proof thereof.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall be so licensed as aforesaid to fell spiritous liquors by wholesale, shall fell any spiritous liquors in any quantity less than one gallon; or if any distiller of spiritous liquors in Dublin,

Cork, Waterford, or Limerick, shall fell any spiritous liquors in any quantity less than five gallons; or if any distiller of spiritous liquors in any other part of this kingdom, shall fell spiritous liquors in atiy quantity less than one gallon every such person shall be deemed a retailer of spiritous liquors without License, and shall be subject to all other penalties to which retailers of spiritous liquors without License are by this act liable.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That if any magistrate or justice of the peace,

shall certify under his hand, that proof has been made before him that any condition in the bonds herein before required to be entered into by any person licensed to fell spiritous liquors by wholesale or retail has been violated, and shall transmit such certificate to the chief commissioners of his Majesty's excise, the said commissioners shall forthwith put or cause such bond to be put in suit, and ail money recovered thereon, the costs of suit deducted, shall be paid and applied in the Umt manner as any fines for felling spiritous liquors without License, are by this act directed to be paid and applied.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted

by this act, other than such as are herein befcTe speriafty appointed to be levied by any magistrate or justice of the peace, shall and may be sued for, recovered, and levied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are appointed and prefrribed by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth yeaTS of the reign of his late Majesty Cha-.I-s the second, entitled, yin ocl for the settling of tic excise cr new impif upon hh At. Jeff, hit hiirt ax.lfuic-ffsty <1 />:£ i: the of rut,s thmh i friedy with r»*-

7 D 2 fptrl

S68

The thirtj-first Year of George III.

A D. fpc^ to penalties (hereby inflicted, as fully and effectually, as if the fame wer-. r*Ynri»flVirl In this nft: fjvr* that miv nne of the chief commissioners of the

cifo office of Dublin, and to issue such warrant or warrants for levying such fine-; and penalties, and for committing the offenders to prison, in cases where by virtue of this act, such offenders may be committed; and that any party who shall think him or herself aggrieved or injured, shall have the like remedy of appeal, as by the said receited act is provided; or such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, may be prosecuted before any magistrate or justice of the peace of the city, town, or other place in which any offence, for which any such fine, penalty, or forfeiture is infiifted, shall have been committed.

XXXVlf. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any magistrate or justice of the peace, to summon any person charged with any offence against this aftj to appear before him, and such magistrate or justice shall, pursuant to such summons, proceed to examine into the charge which shall be made, and if it shall appear by the confession of the party, or by the evidence of -one or more witness or witnesses ou oath, that such party was guilty of the offence with which he or she was.charged, such magistrate or justice shall draw up a conviction in the following form of words, or in any other form of words to the fame effect, according to the nature of the case, that is to say,

Canty of A.B. is convicted on his or her even csnftssion, or

in the each of having fold fbiritcus liquors in ihe pa-

njh of in this county, cn the day of

Ami such magistrate or justice shall thereupon issue a warrant under his hand and seal, to levy such fine or penalty as the person so convicted shall be subject to, in vefpeft to the offence of which he or she was so convicted, by distress and sale of the goods of such person, or to commit the body of such offender to gaol in such cases, as by this act the offender is to be so committed.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall think himself or her fell aggrieved by the determination of any such magistrate or justice of the peace, it shall and may be lawful for such person to appeal to the next fdfions of the peace for the county, city, or town whtre such person was convicted, and the determination of the justices at such fdfions shall be final and conclusive, end no arsis-ran shall be allowed for the removal thereof.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That where ary person shall be convicted of any. offence against: this act, as an unlicensed retailer of spiritous liquors, no appeal, to be brought by any such person, shall flay or prevent the execution of any warrant or process for the seizure of any goods or chattels of such person, unless such person shall with two sufficient sureties have entered into a bond to his Muje.fty* his heirs and successors, before any justice of the peace, in the penal sum of double the amount of the fine so incurred, conditioned to pay such fine as. shall have been imposed on such person, in case the judgment or conviction for the same shall be affirmed.

XL. And be it enacted, That when any fine, penalty, or forfeiture shall be adjudged against any person in pursuance of this act for felling spiritous liquors without license, the same shall not be abated or mitigated.

XLT. And be it enacted, That ail fines and penalties inflicted on any. persons for felling spiritous liquors by retail in the city of Dublin, and within the said

without being duly Ike nfed thereto. Given under my hand and fed this

Circular-

The thirty-fnjl Year of George III. 369

'Circular-road or district of the metropolis of Dublin, and within the city of Cork, A.D. Waterford, Limerick, and Londonderry, without license, shall be applied in the lygi city of Dublin to the house of industryj and in the cities of Cork, Waterford, Qjap( j . Limerick, and Londonderry, to die infirmaries of the said cities *, and tint all fines and penalties inflicted on any persons for felling spiritous liquors in any other part of this kingdom without license, shall be paid to the treasurers of the respect tive counties in which such offences shall have been committed, towards the luuis which shall be prefen ted to be xajfed off the respective baronies in which the offences shall have been committed, and be applied towards the purposes for which such presentments shall be made} and every treasurer of every county to whom any such sum shall be paid, shall not issue a warrant to raise off the barony, to the account of which any such fine or penalty shall be paid a greater sum than such sum, as with the amount of the fines and penalties whiefi shall be paid to them respectively, shall make up the sum presented to be levied off such barony.

XLII. , And be it enacted, That every person w'ho shall be licensed to fell spiritous liquors by retail, and who shall be furnished by the collector from whom his or her license ilisll be obtained., with a printed abstract of this act, shall caufs such abstract to be hung up, or posted in the most public part of his or her house, and shall preserve and keep the fame fohung up or posted, during the time such person shall continue to fell spiritous liquors by retail, or in default thereof, limit forfeit for every day in -which such abstract shall at any time be omitted to be so hung up or posted, the sum of five shillings, to be levied and recovered In the same manner as any penalty, which by this act may be levied and recovered, by any magistrate or justice of the peace, is to be levied and recovered, and such -fine when levied shall be paid one moiety to the prosecutor, and the other moiety to the church wardens of the parish, for the poor thereof.

XLILL. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace, to search for, and make seizure of any spiritous liquors exposed to fide at any fair, patron, market, horse-race, hurling-match, or other place of public meeting, except in houses licensed for that purpose* and every person felling or expofrng to faleany spiritous liquors at any fair, patron, marker, horse-race, hurl-ing-match, or other place of public meeting, except in houses licensed for that purpose, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to.be levied and recovered in manner aforesaid.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue and be of force until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and no longer*

XLV. And whereas by an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of hisM.ijesty’a Tcign, entitled, An act for the better execution of the Jaw, anti preservation of the peace within counties at /«rgc, it is among other things enacted, That in case it should be thought proper to issue new commissions of the peace for any county at large in this kingdom, no person named or appointed a justice of the peace in any such new commission, who should have been named or appointed a justice of the peace in any formtr commission, and should have taken the oath of office of a juf. tice of the peace, ami perform the other requisites preferred by law, to cjunirfy himself for executing the fame, should be obliged again to take such oath of office, or perform the other requisites prescribed by law, in order to qualify himself to execute the fame, but every such person fore-appointed should, and he was thereby enabled to execute the office of a justice of the peace in every such county in which he should be so re-appointed, without again taking such oath of office, or again performing any other such requisite, any taw to the contrary notv/ithfhnding, nor should any such perlbr. so re-appointed, be charged with, or pay any fee v/hat Vo;.. X\\: E fiww.

5 70 The thirtj-frf Year of George III.

A.D.

f°c7erJ for on account of any such new commission: and whereas it will fend 1791. to t^ie more execution of this act, that new commissions of the peace

' shouM he issued for the several counties at large in this kingdom*, therefore be it enacted, That such new commissions shall be issued as soon as conveniently may be, under the regulations: prescribed in the said receited act.

CHAP. XIV.

An act for amending the Laws respecting the Linen and Hempen Mtmfaffares.

[Preamble.]

All brown linen called monevmorcs,

or 7*8tlis wide, horn the set of f*CO to 1200, c\-posed to sale

in Leinster, Manlier, or Connaught, shall be of the lame breadth ami length as those made in Ultter, under like penalties-No brown linen or hempen cloth to be sold tn blunder nr Connaught, milcfs leak'd

as in Ullleror 'Leinster, under the like penalties No glazing machine to he ufid in Lciu-ilcv, Munller, crConnauglit, for glazing brown linen or hempen

cloth for sale, upon pain of foi biting machine, cloth, and 3l.

No brown leal mailer in l.einller, Munller, or Conn inght, orafliilnnt to buy in any manuet, nny brown linen or hempen doth, penalty as herein.

WHEREAS several regulations which have been beneficial to the linen manufacture in parts of this kingdom ought to be made general, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all brown linen or hempen cloth known by the name of Moneymores, or seven-cighths wide, from the set of eight hundred, to twelve hundred, which shall he exposed to sale in any part of Leinster, Munster, or Connaught, shall be of the fame breadths and lengths when brown and bleached respectively, as is required by law for those made in Ulster, under the like penalties, to be recovered in the like manner.

II. And be it further enacted, That no brown linen or hempen cloth shall be exposed to sale, or fold in any part of Munster or Connaught, without being sealed as in Ulster or Leinster, under the like penalties as such linen or hempen cloth would be subject to, if fold without being sealed in Ulster or Leinster.

III. And be it further enacted, That no person shall in Leinster, Munster, or Connaught, use or keep any glazing machine, mill, or engine for glazing or smoothing brown linen or hempen cloth which-is to be exposed to sale in public market, in order to make the fame look thicker, upon pain of forfeiting the glazing machine or mill, the cloth, and three pounds, to he prosecuted and recovered in like manner as is enacted in respect to the like offence in the province of Ulster.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no brown seal-master in Leinster, Munster, or Connaught, or any person employed by him or his assistant in typing and lapping, shall buy for himself, or on commission, or assist others in buying privately or publicly any brown linen or hempen cloth, under the like penalties as

are

The thirty-first Year of George III.

are enacted against such seal-master buying the fame in his house.

V. And be it further enacted, That if the tniftees of the linen or hempen manufactures Hull judge it expedient at any time to appoint two persons jointly, to execute the office of an inspector general, or secretary, or chamberlain, each of the persons so appointed shall have all the powers, and be subject to all the penalties and regulations which the one person now holding fuel) office has, or is subject to.

VI. Provided always, That no additional expene'e shall be incurred by the said trustees at any. time, either by increase of Hilary, or otherwise, on account of any such appointment.

CHAP. XV.

each to Ime all powers, am! bffuKjffi to all penalties as persons now holding such office*

No additional expence to be incurred on account of Inch appointment.

1 JS

Jin' AS! for granting unto his Majesrj, His Heirs and Succ-ef fors, an additional Duty on imported Malt.

FOR the further support of your Majesty's government, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament a {fumbled, and by the authority of the same, That from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety two inclusive, there shall be raised, collected, levied, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, an additional duty of two shillings and fix-pence upon every barrel of malt ground or.unground, which shall be made of barley, or of any other corn or grain which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, which said duty shall be levied and paid in the same manner, and according to the same rules and regu-Jations in all respects a6 any duty granted to your Majesty, by an act pafiid (his fdfioit of parliament, entitled, An r.fl for granting for one year, the fevered duti. t therein mentioned) in lieu cf all other duties pay die upon the arti les therein speajitu during the said tertn% and for continuing the effect of a treaty of commerce and navy.i-Don between his Majesty and the mfi ChriJInut Kin», and for regulating the trade le~ tween this kingdom and his Mtjf’fs colonics, ami Jor other purpfes thertin vnnti:t:>d* is to be levied and paid.

t E

C H A r.

572

A.D.

i7<rr.

thirtyfrjl Year of George III.

CHAP.

XVI.

yf« Ad_/br continuing and amending fever.al Laws relating Ut Jiis Majestys Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing of Frauds therein.

[Preamble.]

w

so much of 30 Geo. -3.

'H'ERE A S severalof the laws heretofore made for the encouragement of the trade of brewing ale and beer in this kingdom, and for regulating the prices of beer and ale, and the trades of brewers and distillers, and for preventing frauds against his Majesty's revenue by brewers and distillers, have not been found sufficient to answer the purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient to repeal the fame, and to prescribe other regulations in lieu thereof, and some further provisions are nccelTar.y for preventing frauds in other cases relating to his Majesty's revenue; therefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice add consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of an act of parliament passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for continuing and amending several laws relating to his Majestfs revenue, and for the more effectually preventing of frauds therein, and for awlofaOe other purposes therein mentioned, and so much of the acts there-tinuedfasr"- by continued as relate to the regulation of the trades of craamidatii- brewers of ale and beer, and of distillers of spirits and prim of aif ^rQn6 -waters, and to the regulating of the prices at which and Beer, strong beer and ale may be fold, and to the securing of the ii.c duties duties payable to his Majesty on ale and beer brewed, and !mfpir'its,a&c on spirits and strong waters distilled, be, and the same are hereby repealed, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering of recovering of any fine, penalty, or forfeiture incurred for any incurred mi- -offence under the said acts, or any of them, dtriiiem. ][ ^nd |)e jt enacted, That no person shall exercise the tooercSfc'1 trade of common brewer or retailing brewer of strong beer

the trade ofa or ajc or of fma[] beer ;n this kingdom, or be concerned brewer with* 1 0 ’

ontaliccnfc; as a partner, or in any manner interfiled in any brewery.

The thirty-frfi Year of George III.

or in the profits thereof, except as an anonymous partner, unless such person or persons shall have obtained a license for that purpose under the hands of the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any one or more of them, which license such commissioners or commissioner arc and is hereby authorized and required to grant; and if any person shall exercise the trade of a common brewer, or retailing brewer of strong beer or ale, or of small beer, without such license first obtained, or if any person shall be concerned as a partner, or in any manner interested in any brewer)', or the profits thereof, except as aforesaid, and shall not be named in such license, he, she, or they shall forfeit one hundred pounds, for every month he, she, or they shall so exercise such trade, or be concerned or interested in the profits thereof.

III. And be it enacted, That no common brewer, or retailing brewer of strong beer or ale, shall brew or fell any small beer, or beer at or under the price of eleven shillings and six-pence per barrel, nor any common or retailing brewer of small beer shall brew or fell any strong beer or ale, unless such brewer shall be authorized in such license to brew both strong beer or ale, and small beer.

IV. And be it enacted, That no license shall be granted to any person to brew as well strong beer or ale as small beer in the cities of Dublin, and Cork, or such other part or parts of this kingdom as the said commissioners shall think proper.

V. And be it enacted, That no license shall be granted to any person to brew strong beer or ale, unless every person thereby licensed, shall make and subscribe an affidavit, or if a quaker an affirmation, that he, (lie, or they hath or have not any interest, concern, or profit in any brewery for the brewing of small beer, and that he (lie, or they will not without a license for brewing small beer, have any interest, concern, or profit in any brewery for brewing small beer, or beer at or under eleven shillings and six-pence per barrel, of forty-two gallons, or brew or fell, or have any profit on the falc of such small beer, and no license shall be granted to any person to brew small beer, unless every person thereby Licensed shall make, and subscribe an affidavit, or if a quaker an. affirmation, that lie, (he, or they hath

Vol.XV. 7F rr

573

A.D. 1791. Chap. 16-

penallvon mrci:n<.’ the trn.ie without a licer.tc, or on an.* p.ut* rcr, except aii aRonvmom ot:e, v hose name tluiilnot be in the fi-ernfe, trol. . per marthy

No bmv«r of lifting brer

or ale to fell small beer at or erder-I Is 6J. per barrel, nor any brewer of small beer to b*tu’ fining beer, miless IrcciifeJ (>tr boiii.

Nolicrnfe lo bre w lilting bier or ale ami small bear (ft the cities of Dublin and Cork, or such other pails as the comintf* fi< ners shall tbilik proper.

No license to brew ilrnng beer or ;*le, iinlvfi an affidavit or affirmation shall be made as herein.

nor lo brew small beet, imleft asheic-

574 The thirty-first Year of George III.

A.D.

or have not any interest, concern, or profit in any* brewery 1791- for the brewing of strong beer or ale, and that he, she, or they will not, without a license for brewing strong beer or ale,'have any interest, concern, or profit in any brewery for brewing strong beer or ale, or fell or have any profit 02th may lie in the falc of strong beer or ale, which Oath or airma-b^TO^prr-' tion any commissioner, fub-commissioner, or any person fonautiioiiz- authorized to take affidavits in revenue cases is hereby em-

ttl to take

affidavits m powered to administer.

'IC,'"nal"f»r ’* enacted, That if any person shall brew any

hriwing mi ale or small beer, which such person by such license as cctnvd in aforesaid, shall not be authorized to brew, or be concerned, wtaTiiw or have any interest or profit in any brewery'for the brew-nnt auth.ir.a- jn^ of or in the sale of any ale or fraall beer, which such

ru by liccnltf 0 }

100l. persons shall not be so authorized to brew, every such person shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds.

I'ofoni in-

VII. And be it enacted, That every person receiving uTi'hThar, beer, ale, or porter from any common or retailing brewer, ipfTihy1'" or oll'er person, in order to sell the same by wholesale, shall tyhoirfaiv, tn before he or she shall commence wholesale dealer in beer,

pive notice of tlivir tnUni-<uu nt e.veiie

ale, or porter, or shall fell or deliver any part thereof out of his or their custody, give a notice in writing at the ex-eife office of the district where he or she shall reside, of his or her intention so to commence wholesale dealer, with his or her name and surname, and place of abode; and that it shall be lawful for any officer of excise of the distritft, at all times at any hour in the day time to enter the houses, cellars, stores, and other places of every such person, and gauge, taste, and take an account of all beer, ale, porter, guile, or wort there found, in like manner as if such person were a common brewer; and if any such person shall fell or deliver any beer, ale, porter, guile, or wort before he or fhc shall so give such notice as aforesaid,- or having or imttnt iip given such notice, shall not permit the gauger, or other of-

ViUlCiT, &c. r ... 11/* n n

tn hcer or excite, to cater into his or her home, cellar, ltorc,

r.,...., w. or otfjCr p|acci or when entered shall prevent him from searching, gauging, tailing or taking an account of all beer, ale, porter, guile or wort there found, or shall -refuse to shew and count his or her frock of such liquors, and declare the quantity shewed to be all his or her ft tick, or shall not

make

fiftCi

officer may vmn at any hour in the day to lake

an sicvuimt of

beer, &e.

ycnalty for telling without notice,

The ibirty-jirjl Year of George' ITI.

make such declaration, or shall make a false declaration, or fell not truly declare from whom, and when he or (lie received such licer, ale, porter, guile, or wort, such persons shall forfeit for every such offence the Aim of twenty pounds.,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every common and retailing brewer, and every inn-keeper, victualler, or other retailer of beer and ale, and every wholesale dealer in beer, ale, qr porter, shall enter with the officer of excise, acting in the district of their respective refidcncc, all cellars, store-houses, and places whatsoever, by them respectively nfed for laying up or storing beer, ale or worts, four days at lead before he, she, or they shall make nfc of such cellar, store-house, or place for such pnrpose; and that every common and retailing brewer, and every innkeeper, victualler, or other retailer of beer and ale, and tvholefale dealer in beer, ate, or porter, who shall keep or make use of any cellar, store-house, or other place for laying upior storing his beer, ale, or worts, which shall not have been' entered as aforesaid, and every person who shall knowingly permit any of his houses, out-houses, cellars, or yards, to be made use of for the purpose of concealing the beer, ale, or worts of any brewer, inn-keeper, victualler, or retailer of beer or ale, and wholesale dealer in beer, ale, or porter, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

IX. And be it further cnaCled, That every brewer of (irons; beer or ale, whose brewery shall be fttuated within the distance of two ftntute miles of tiic brewery of any common brewer of Itrong beer or ale, shall he charged with and pay excise duty for not less than twenty barrels of forty-two gallons each, , for every brewing of strong beer or ale which he or flic shall brew, and every such brewer whose brewery shall not be filuated within the distance of two such miles of the brewery of any such common brewer, shall be charged with and pay excise duty for not less than five such barrels for every brewing.

X. And be it enacted, That every common brewer or retailing brewer of strong beer or ale, who (ha! be permitted to brew both ale and small beer, and shall brew or make any guile, or beer, or ale, shall declare to the officer of ex-

7 F 2 ' cife

Chap. 10.

Every denies tit beer, ale, or porter, to enter all cellars fitc. tilVi for such, wit!* officer of ex* cifs4tliys be-('VC Utey arc made yfs of,

[C.nlty un M«>1 cnutm; ctll.irs, a > nforihitf, and on every pr;son who Dull fuffrr stich to be used for the pu’pofcof concealing# &c. fol.

Every brewer of ttroitR bccror ale, \vnfifii2 imlcs of n anrunou brewer iheic-«f, chargeable wiili duty for

20 barrels fur cvety brtw* »n«.

and wit I*, duty

f »r 5 bfu ri K if IMlt \Sllltlll

2 miles.

Eicive'e who Hi-ill k* pinniiicd to lucu rJe nod /ms)! liter to dttlcre Si lir;e;’ri

576 The thirty-first Year of George III.

A.D.

cife attending Ills or her brewery, how much strong beer nr *79* 6 ^'C or ‘ntcrK*s to ma*?c guile, and also how

much small beer, if any lie or (lie intend to make, before any part of such guile be cleansed or removed out of the tuns; and in case any such brewer, or any of his or her servants brewing or making such guile of beer or ale, shall refuse to make such declaration as aforesaid, such officer shall gauge and charge or return the whole of such guile to be strong, and such brewer shall pay the duties thereof accordingly, and shall also forfeit for each barrel of beer or ale contained in such guile, the sum of twenty shillings; and in case after such declaration made as aforesaid, or after such strong beer or ale shall be gauged, any encrease of the quantity of the strong beer or strong ale so declared or gauged as aforesaid shall be made, or in case any ale or wort of the fame guile shall be laid off, over and above the quantity so gauged or declared, such brewer shall forfeit for every barrel so increased over and above the quantity declared as aforesaid, the sum of five pounds, unless such encrease was made with the knowledge or in the pre-fcncc of such officer; and every servant of such brewer any way concerned or assisting in making. such encrease, shall forfeit for every barrel so cncrpafed or laid off, the sum of twenty shillings, and in default of payment thereof, shall suffer one month’s imprisonment.

XI. And be it enacted, That whenever any new wort or guile shall be found in the possession of any brewer, of which a previous declaration shall not have been made by such brewer, or some perfori acting for him, such new wort or guile shall be deemed as an encrease made to the former brewing of wort or guile, and shall be charged with duty accordingly; and every common brewer or retailing brewer in whose brewery such encrease shall be found, shall for every barrel so encreased, forfeit the sum of five pounds; and every servant of such brewer concerned or assisting in making such encrease of wort or guile, shall forfeit for every barrel so encreased, the sum of twenty shillings; and for default of payment thereof, shall suffer one month’s irn-prisonroent.

XII. And be it enacted, That no common brewer shall make use of any tun, back or cooler, which shall not be

ferewed

on nfufal the officer to gouge ami charge the whole as ftrorrjr, and duty paid accordingly, and 209 for each barrel,

if any cn* creak after gauging. &c. be made, or ale, Src. laid off, forfeit 5l.

per barrel, unlcf* with the know- } ledce of the officer, ’

am! cvci y r.ffiibut to forfeit 20. per barrel, or be im [>n Coned a month.

When neV went or guile found, of which no declaration made, such deemed art increase and liable to duty.

ami 5I per bar-el forfeited,

r.iid every affilljnt to forfeit 20s per barn), or be imprt* fotud I month.

The thirtieth Year of George III. 577

lcrcwed down, or otherwise well and fuffieicntly fattened to A.D. beams to support it, such beams to be firmly fixed at both ’w ends in the walls of his brew-house with lime and stone, or in some other firm and substantial work, or shall make h,^.°0'ru"’ life of any cooler over the centre of which he shall not full 'whi-10

J uled, unit Is

erect or cause to be erefled and fixed, and constantly keep foilmcj as fixed lengthways from one end to the other, a frame or

0 J < nor any cooler

stage of wood, at least eighteen inches in breadth, for the o,tr hicii a

_r -r , frame A.illl

gaugers or other officers of excise to gauge the liquor in such i,c cre<T-cooler; or shall make use of any pipe fixed to any cooler, Cl1 he"'m’ tun, copper, or other vessel used in brewing, without hav- alfr ing given notice in writing under his or her hand of such pipe, to the officer of excise attending his or her brewing; tier 10 i!.c and if any common brewer shall make use of any tun, back, or cooler, which shall not be ferewed down, or otherwise well and sufficiently fattened to beams in manner aforesaid, or of any cooler over the centre of which there shall not be erected and kept constantly fixed such frame or stage as aforesaid, or of any pipe fixed to any cooler, tun, copper, or other vessel used in brewing, without having given such notice thereof as aforesaid; or if any brewer shall alter or or mskt »i-suffer to be altered, the situation, position, or dipping place of any tun, back, or cooler in his or her brewery, or the beams supporting the fame, after they are so fixed aB aforesaid, without having given notice thereof four days at least to such officer as aforesaid, every person so offending shall ['cn:,'s ‘0,‘ for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XIII. And be it enacted, That as often as any common wii-at is to or retailing brewer shall have any calk or vessel in his or her a'ny"c«8c is. brewery, the contents whereof shall exceed four barrels, 6 fe<:t and the top of which shall be above six feet from the ground, such brewer or the person attending to flicw his or her flock to any officer of excise, shall on request of such officer, furnish to such officer a strong and safe ladder, of length sufficient to enable him to afeend at the fide of such cask or vessel to the top thereof; and that every such brewer shall make or eaufc to be made an hole at leaf! three inches diameter in the head or upper part of each such cask or vessel, at the fide next to that to which such ladder may most conveniently be placed, for the officer of excise to gauge and take an account of the liquor contained in such vessel;

penally for JU'tfll.'&iilf' to do herein direct'd, or obllru&iiiK officer, 50l.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

anct that such brewer or the person attending as aforesaid,

shall at the request of any such officer at any time open the , ^or '^,c porpofo aforesaid; and if any such brewer

or the person attending as aforesaid, stall negle-dt or refuse to furnish to any such officer on demand such ladder as aforesaid, or if such brewer shall not make an hole in the head or Upper part of such calk or vessel in manner aforesaid, or if such brewer or the person attending as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to open the fame, when required by any such officer, or shall otherwise obstruct or prevent any such officer from examining and gauging any such vessel, such brewer shall for every such refusal, hindrance, or neglect. forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every common brewer and retailing brewer, or the person attending to ffiew such brewer’s flock, shall upon demand made by any officer.of excise on any visit made by such officer, furniffi and attend every such officer with candle light, sufficient to enable every such -officer effectually to gauge, survey, and take an account of such brewer’s flock, or such brewer shall for every time such lights shall not be so furnished, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

Officer mar

XV. And be it enacted, That it dial I be lawful for any officer of excise to examine all or any of the flock of beer, ale, guile or worts belonging to any common brewer or retailing brewer, by tailing, the fame; and if any such brewer, or his or her servant, who shall attend to ffiew such brewer’s flock, shall refuse or hinder any such officer to tafle any of penalty for the flock of such brewer, every such brewer shall for every officer,'1^!- such oficncc forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

Vcnalty on

XVI. And be it enacted, That no common brewer or re-iiiins mjrcdi- tailing brewer shall make use of any madder, brooms vro'rm-

cnts herein 0 ' ’

mentioned, wood, centian root, or any drug or herb, or of any ingre-«r am-other dient whatsoever in the brewing, making, or working of any 'ncmioned ^eer or a*e’ °^lcr t*lan 'vater, malt, hops, and barm, and lohandaii that all beer or ale brewed or mixed with any ingredient mixed forfeit- other than as herein allowed shall be forfeited, and every such Cl1' brewer offending therein, shall forfeit for every such of-

penahy not to fence the sum of ten pounds: provided that such penalty

extend to r 1 J

cafcs.wfiere or forfeiture tall not extend to cases, where broom, wdrm-Kn are in- wood, ground-ivy, or other ingredients, shall be infused in-

fiifed by the .,

Officer to be furnished with candle light to gauge, &e.

penalty, 10l.

examine alt flock by tall fame,

The thirtieth Year of George III. 579

to beer or ale by the retailer, after the fame is brewed and A.D. tunned, for the purpose of making purl or jill, or broom or wormwood beer, or to the using of any ingredient necessary for the making and brewing of porter. 'uuxft'T

XVII. And be it enacted, That if any common brewer, "1,1:il|s

' purler*

or retailing brewer of beer or ale shall make use of any mo- ^|laffes, coarse sugar, honey, or other composition or extra £1 of beer or ale of sugar, in the brewing, making, or working of any ale or beer; or if any such brewer shall receive or take into his custody or possession, any quantity of molasses, coarse sugar, " honey, or composition, or extract of sugar, exceeding the of any m >-quantity of ten pounds, every such brewer shall forfeit for iLII'ibrff: every such offence respectively, the sum of one hundred pounds; and every servant of such brewer, and every other ami person who shall be aiding and a {Tilting in the using of mo- m" laffes, coarse sugar, honey, or extract of sugar in the brew-

ing or working of such ale or beer, or in carrying or con- mu0llu> vcying the fame into the house, brew-house, or other place belonging to any such brewer, shall also forfeit for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds; and in default of payment thereof, shall fufler three months imprison-tnent.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every- common brewer of Brewer or beer or ale, or his or her servant, who shall shew his or her ing Uocfc, 10 flock to any officer of excise, shall count all the casks of 'jfoVn.Mr, beer, ale, guile or worts, and declare the number of each denomination to such officer; and in case such brewer, his number of or her servant, shall refuse so to do, such brewer shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds; and if after such declaration shall be made, any empty casks, or any caffs containing any other liquor or thing, five only

nation, penalty zJ.

f after <le-

:!a!<:tion, auy eall-.i, a!i;s coif

what they were declared to contain shall be found; or if timiiyany

t till,', lave wl.it ed»

unri. ur it tiioic

there shall he any casks more than one of each denomination only in part filled, or a greater number of calks in the whole than shall have been declared, such brewer shall for U.uu of each

ticiio.nii.utioa

every eafk so found, not corrcfpondin;’ with such declaration, filled in p»i and for every cask more than one not full, forfeit the sum of forty shillings.

XIX. And be it enacted, That no person or persons shall

1_penalty 40s.

let out to hire, or lend ar.y private brew-house, either with lo.-rail, calk, or without utensils for brewing to any person, unless the Motivate

r Ltiw house

7 (j 2 person ,u i-

brewing, without a llcenfc for (o doing, for whirls license 50I,

shall be paid; person hiring out or lend* ing a puvate brew house, without such license, and the person to whom let or lent* forfeit 50l. each.;

upon trial for penalties, the evidence of the person letting, or the pei fou to whom let, may be fld-miUible, rrt cs£: of conviction lil'.AJ-tipon, the puf-.n giving cvidtnc: discharged irom penalties, all utenfds forfeited.

No bicw-ing pan to be let orient, penalty 5l. and forfeiture of pan; brewing pans not set, to he rcgtllered as hcitin,

penalty for having bicw-ing pans not set as afors-faiil, or registered. 5l. and also coppers, fee..forfeited.

Regltlered brewing pans, pots or coppers, may be Ibiton obtaining a per-

The thirtieth Year of George III.

perfoli so letting out for hire, or lending fuel) private brew-house, shall obtain license for so doing from the commissioners:of his Majesty's excise, or any one or more of them, or from the collector of the (liftrid wherein such private brew-house shall be situated; for which license before the same shall be granted, there shall be paid to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of fifty pounds; and in case any person or persons shall let out to hire, or lend any private brew-house, either with or without utensils for brewing, without such license first obtained, the person so letting out to hire, or lending a private brew-house, and the person to whom the same shall be let -to hire or lent, shall respectively forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and upon any trial to be had of any information for such penalties, the evidence of any person so letting to hire, or lending such private brew-house, or of any person to whom the fame -(hall be so let or lent, as the case may be, -whether any such person be the informer or not, shall be admiflibie on the trial of such information; and in case of a conviction thereupon, such person or persons so giving evidence, shall be discharged from the penalties so by him or them incurred; and all the utensils which shall be found in such private brew-house shall berforfeited.

XX. And be it enacted, That no person shall let for hire, or lend any pan for brewing to any person, and that any person offending herein, shall forfeit every such pan for brewing, and also a sum of five pounds; and that every person who shall keep or have any pan for brewing which shall -not be set up to the curb in bricks or {tones with mortar of lime and sand, shall register with the collector of ex'cife of the district in which such person shall -reside, his or her name and place of abode, and the place or apartment where his or her btewing-pan, copper, or pot is to be placed or used, and the -dimensions of the fame; and if any person shall have in his or her possession, any brewing copper, pot -or pan, which shall not be cither set as aforesaid, or registered in manner aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, and also such brewing copper, pan, or pot so found as aforesaid.

XXI. Provided always, and :hc it enacted, That every person who shall register his brewing-pan, pot, or copper, pursuant to the provisions of this act, shall be, and is hereby

The thirty-first Year of George III.

5Sl

at liberty to lend his said brewing-pan; pot, or copper so A.D. registered, any thing in this act, or any other act, to the

contrary notwithstanding, a permit being first obtained for V_JN‘__________

that purpose, in which permit shall be mentioned the name >vhat i>(ob.

of the person to whom the same shall be lent, as also the '»

name of the person lending the fame, and the time for which 'f rait' it shall be lent, which permit the gauger of the walk, or

other proper officer is hereby empowered and required to

grant.

XXII. And be it enacted, That every common or retail-

ing brewer of beer and ale forfale, shall tun or /tore his or her beer, ale amt strong beer, ale, and guile, into hog/heads, barrels, half hojLTtl", barrels, and quarter barrels only, each of which respectively shall be of the content herein after mentioned, and that no *>«-brewer shall deliver any strong beer or ale in any ca/k or vessel to a retailer, or other person to fell again save only inIk" hogsheads or barrels) and if any such brewer shall tun or f‘°e

/tore his or her strong beer, ale, or guile, into any ca/k or Wfowd*

0 0 ' or barrels

venel, save only into hogsheads, barrels, half barrels, or quarter barrels, dr shall deliver any such beer or ale in any calk or vessel to a retailer, or other person to fell again, save only in hogsheads or barrels; that such brewer shall for every penalty si. such offence forfeit the sum of five pounds.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That all strong beer, ale, guile, All (Irons or wort found by any officer of excise in the possession of p^irlon ofa any common brewer or retailing brewer in any calk, the full ^cc,’tl'" contents of which shall exceed sixty-eight gallons, each gal- taininp more

1 , 6 than 68 gal-

lon containing two hundred and seventeen cubical inches lom, and un-

and fix-tenths of a cubical inch, and shall be under five hundred gallons of the content aforesaid, shall be forfeited,cd>

and may be seized; and that every ca/k containing strong

beer, ale, guile, or worts, the contents whereof shall exceed

forty-two such gallons, shall be deemed an hogshead, and

rated as containing sixty-eight gallons; and that every ca/k and every

containing strong beer, ale, guile, or worts, the full contents

whereof shall exceed twenty-one such gallons, shall be deem- 4,

ed a barrel, and rated as containing forty-two gallons; and s»Hon>,d«i»-

? ed a hogshead,

that every calk containing strong beer, ale, guile, or worts, and rated a-the full contents whereofshall exceed eleven such gallons, ^nom,"'8 68 shall be deemed an half barrel, and rated as containing twen-ty-one gallons, and the common brewer, or retailing brewer in whose custody such vessel or vessels shall be found as afore- a barn) of

Vol. XV. 7 H said,‘tJ8a"oni;

and cv«ry calk containing above ! i gallon*, deemed a» half barrel of 21 gallons, and cjcciie duty paid accordingly J brewers not hereby prevented from storing in vats of above 500 gallons.

Brewer on delivering beer or ale to retailer, to give a certificate as h'ere-in,

such certificate to be given with every parcel as before directed,

to express the quantitytheii, and heretofore on the fame day delivered, on

delivery of fecoiid or other certificate, the former to be returned to the brewer if not delivered 10 the ganger; lift certificate only against brewer's stock.

Certificates to be accepted hyificjHT-son to w h»ni fc lit.and given to the gauger, five achertiii.

gauger to enter inhisstock book as lure-

and to sign his name on the back of the certificate,

The shirty-jhjl Year of George III.

said, shall be charged by the gauger with, and shall pay excise for the strong beer, ale, guile, or worts contained therein, according to the rates aforesaid; provided that nothing herein contained; Avail he construed to prevent any brewer from storing ftrorig bc£r, ale, or guile, in vats or vessels of above five hundred gallons content.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That every common and retailing brewer shall when and 10 often as he or flic shall deliver any beer or ale to a retailer, or other person felling beer ot ale, fend and deliver therewith to fucll retailer a certificate signed by such brewer, his or lifer clerk, or principal servant, in which certificate ftutll be specified the whole quantity of bfccr' or ale so delivered, distinguisliing the particular price, the time when brewed, to whom sent, and when, and if any brewer shall deliver to any retailer more than one quantity or parcel of beer or ale, in one and the fame day, every such brewer shall upon the delivery of each succeeding quantity or parcel, deliver therewith to such retailer one other certificate signed by such brewer, his or her clerk, or principal servant of the import herein before mentioned, in which shall be expressed not only the quantity then delivered, but also the quantity theretofore delivered in the fame day to such retailer, and on delivery of every fe-co'itd or other certificate, every such brewer shall receive from such retailer the former certificate delivered to him on the fame day, in case the same shall not have been delivered to the gguger of the walk pursuant to the directions herein contained, and such last certificate delivered in any one day, and no other, shall be brought in account against the flock of such brewer as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it enacted, That every certificate so sighed as aforesaid, shall be accepted by every person to whdm such beer or ale shall be sent or delivered, and shall be by such person given to the gauger of the walk in which he or she reside, on the next visit such ganger shall make, save only such certificate as shall have been previously given up to-such brewer on obtaining a new certificate), and the gauger is hereby required to Cuter in his flock book the quantity, quality, and time of delivery of such beer or ale expressed in such certificate, together with the names of the brewers and retailers as aforesaid, and to sign his namb on the back of every such certificate, and file the fame in the excise office of

The thirty-jirj.f Year of George III.

of the district to which he belongs; and in case any such

583

A.D.

brewer shall not give or canfc to be given on the delivery of 1 any beer or ale such certificate as aforesaid, such brewer shall forfeit for every barrel of beer or ale delivered without '"f_

such certificate, the sum of forty shillings; and in case any Sw, gauger or other officer of excise, shall find in the possession of not giving any retailer of beer or ale, any beer or ale for which no such certificate shall be produced on demand, such retailer shall be chargeable with the duty payable for the quantity of such ‘‘ti^ beer and ale so found, and shall also forfeit the sum of Tort y tin. ijmidtity shillings for every barrel thereof, unless such certificate shall 1^.'!^"' have been previously given up to the gauger as aforesaid. uicaiJlhaif"

XXVI. And be it enacted, That every common1 brewer be produce;!,

and shall atio

shall, when and as often as he or the mail fell any beer or forfeit 40*.

ale, to be carried into the district of any excise office other ’’"urawr

than1 that wherein the fame was brewed, fend a permit sign- rnf|"fr!"r

ed by the saucer of the walk in which such beer or ale was ‘Mjift 'DO . to atmiher,

brewed, together with such certificate as aforesaid; and if 10fmdaper-

any brewer shall neglect so to do, he or fire shall forfeit for tat°',l<lccm

every barrel of beer or ale so found in any other district t’cnall> ‘,05-

without such permit and certificate, the sum of forty ffiil-

lirrgs; and the retailer in whose possession the same shall be and t«Ar

found without such permit, shall not only be charged with dmyamhjos.

and pay the excise duty of such beer or ale, but shall also

forfeit forty shillings for every barrel thereof.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall falsely Any poiim make, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be iaifelymadc,

forged' or counterfeited, or willingly act or assist in the false making, nisiting to forging, or counterfeiting of any such certificate for the delivery of miLtc for beer or ale as aforesaid, with intention fraudulently to cover any flock of beer or ale, or shall utter and publish as true, any falsely air. Mat made or counterfeited certificate, for the purpose aforesaid, with oftiirjuttge such intention as aforesaid, knowing the same to lie falsely made, Jj,1 forged or counterfeited, J'uch person or persons being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be fined or imprisoned at the discretion of the judge before whom such person shall be tried j provided that such fine not to tine shall not exceed the sum of fifty pounds; and that i’uch impri-fcmment shall not exceed the term of six months. "ot "t "ccai

4 0 months.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any common Ar.ybrewcr, brewer, inn-keeper, victualler, or retailer of beer or ale, shall after the guage of any beer or ale shall be taken by any officer of excise,

start or mix any small beer or small worts with any ftrnng beer or who shall mix

Hi as herein, af-2 Hie, tergauge tak-

en, forfeit 5l.

584 A.D. 1791. Chap, r 6.

Ofltccrmay tade liquor upon brewer's dray, and enter every cellar, &c of any inn keep* er, &c. who shall receive beer or ale, aridtailefame. Penalty on hindering officer to enter or tafie, or on refuting to give an account as herein 5l.

No brewer of ale or beer to deal in, or have in hU posseffioo any home* made spirits. Penalty 20l. and all such spirits as shall be carried on any carriage belonging to a brewer, forfeited.

Tie thirly-frjl Year of George III.

ale, such brewer, victualler, or other person or persons so doing, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any officer of excise to taste the liquor upon any brewer’s dray where and whensoever he shall find or meet the fame, and such officer shall upon request be permitted to enter into every cellar or room in the possession of any inn-keeper or victualler who shall receive any beer or ale from any common brewer, and taste the fame therein; and if any inn-keeper or victualler shall refuse or prevent any such officer to enter, or after entrance shall refuse to give an account of the name of the brewer, and the quantity of strong or small beer received from such brewer, and the time when the fame was received into his or her cellars or rooms, or shall not permit such officer to taste such strong or small beer, such inn-keeper, or victualler or person retailing ale or beer as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds.

XXX. And be it enacted, That no brewer of ale or beer shall act as a factor in the sale of home-made spirits, or shall receive or have in his possession for sale, or shall fell, or otherwise deal in such spirits; and if any such brewer shall offend in any of the cases aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds; and that all such home-made spirits as shall be carried or conveyed from any one place to another on any dray or other carriage belonging to any brewer, shall be forfeited, and seized.

XXXI. And whereas the price of six shillings the barrel to which small beer had been heretofore limited, was rated on a preemption that the middle price of malt or barley should not exceed a certain sum: And whereas the price of malt and barley hath been, and may at certain times be so high as that such common brewers and retailing brewers of small beer cannot brew good and wholesome small beer at the price aforesaid; wherefore in order that his Majesty's subjects may at such times be supplied with good and whole-When the fame small beer j be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the chief average price commissioners of his Majesty's excise, or any threee or more of barley ex- them, from time to time, when it shall satisfactorily appear to them barrel,1 the^1* that the average price of good malt or barley exceeds twelve .{hil-commifliim- lincrS by the barrel, by notice under their hands to be published, to

ere may an- ° /

thorize brew- authorize all common and retailing brewers who are, or shall be b«r°only,allin brewers of small beer only, in such places where it shall so appear to the said commissioners that the price of good malt or barley shall ex-txceed 12a. cecd twelve shillings by the barrel for such time as shall be expressed fell fadibitr in such notice to brew and fell such small beer at such advanced

price

585

The thirty-frjl Year of George III.

price as shall be so expressed in such notice, in proportion to the A. 1\ excess of the price of barley or malt above twelve shillings by the barrel; provided, that at no time, nor in any case fncli finall beer shall be brewed or sold at a greater price in the whole than eleven findings and six pence by the barrel, each such barrel to contain forty-two gallons at two hundred and seventeen cubical inches and fix-tenths of a cubical inch to each gallon, any tiling in any former act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That no brewer shall during such time or times as he or Hie may be authorized to brew and fell ftnall beer at any advanced price as aforesaid, brew or fell any beer at any higher price than that expressed in the notice which shall authorize him to sell the same at (itch advanced price, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds for every time such offence shall be committed.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That every brewer who is a brewer of small beer only, and who by virtue of such notice as aforesaid, shall be authorized to fell finall beer at an higher price than at the rate of fix [hillings by the barrel containing thirty-two gallons,

each gallon containing two hundred and feveiitcen cubical inches and fix-tenths of an inch, shall upon furnishing any account of the money due to any person to.such brewer for finall beer by him fold or delivered to such person, (late in such account the rate such brewer charged for the fame by the barrel, such barrel containing forty-two gallons, and each gallon containing two hundred and seventeen cubical inches and fix-tenths of an inch, and also the date of notice by the said commissioners, by virtue of which such brewer is authorized to charge the price by him clnrged in such account for such finall beer, and if any brewer shall offend in respect of any of the matters hereby directed, every such brewer for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That no brewer shall fell to any person any Strong beer or ale, or any finall beer, in any calk under the denomination of an half barrel, in gauge under twenty gallons, such gallon containing two hundred and seventeen cubical inches and fix-tenths of a cubical inch, or in any calk under the denomination of a barrel in gauge under forty such gallons, oil pain of forfeiting for every time such brewer shall offend herein, the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That every brewer shall cause the first letter of his name and his surname at length to be burned or branded upon the head and bulge of every barrel, or other calk which he shall make ui'e of for the tunning of beer, ale, or finall

16.

Penalty aoi.

No brewer to fill llroug beer, ale, or Anal! brer in any call: under the iKuo-niiiiitlion' of an bait barrel* in ga«x umlci 20g.-l-

or »r* any talk under liicd*-nominatiim of

a biurel, i'i p.tuye under

Penalty .-if Iv.vi) l. nv u 10 c:?u-fc

71

beer

c 86 The thirty-first Year of George III.

A.D.

beer respectively, upon pain of forfeiting all the beer, ale, or 1791 fi:i beer that shall be found to be tunned into any cask or veflul not so branded.

C'.. i.,:.c

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That all ale, commonly called by M the name of fhcebeen, which shall be seized by any officer of ‘9 ;vr’ tl-.c revenue, for or on account of the excise duty thereof not hav-

tuU.'.Ul. ’ 1

A.iiiice- ing been paid, or on any other account, shall and may be sold at w'iiltisM a")’ tiuic after the seizure thereof; and if the same shall be claimed on any uiiur j,y t’ne owner thereof, and such ale shall be adjudged not subject he so'rf, to seizure, the claimant shall be paid for such ale so much money tnf owner,1*y as t-10 produce arising from such ale amounted to, provided a frofer permit be produced for the malt of which such ale was J1 made; and all malt which shall be found making or brewing

the

the

of

into such shall he dellroyed by any officer of the revenue,

to he |jaii[ to if a permit for such malt shall not be produced at the time of the ch.i.twm, 1 1

raiding the lame.

XXXVII. And for the better regulating the trade of a distiller of spirits, and securitig the duties of excite on all spirits distilled; be it enacted, That no person shall keep in his or her possession, or shall make use of any still or other utcnlii for distilling spirits, unless such person shall have obtained a license for keeping the fame, ligned by one or more of the commissioners of excise, nor unless such person (hall-have entered and registered in the office of excise of the distrifl wherein such ftiil or other utenfd is to be set at work, his, her, or their name and surname, or names and surnames, and place or places of abode, and the number of dills intended to be kept, and the true contents of each and all vessels to be used in his, her, or their distillery, as also the place where such distillery is to be carried on, and the officer of excise shall thereupon grant a certificate thereof to the person or persons making such entry or registry.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That every license to keep a still or (fills, (Iia-ll be signed by one or more of his Majesty's chief commissioners of excile, and shall contain the name and surname, or names and surnames of the person or persons whose still or stills shall he so licensed, and his, her, or their place or places of residence, or place where the distillery is to be carried on, and shall express the number of stills which shall be so licensed, and the number of grdh.tis respectively which each still is capable of containing; and every such license shall be in force from the date thereof until the twenty-ninth day of September following; and no longer.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That from and after the From i^ili twenty-fourth day of Tune, one thousand seven hundred and

t.nu: i.-yr, j. j j i

ninety-

piovideJ a jn-rwit bt;

pu.dtiw! for the malt of 'vi.icli it was madw't

all malt found making into huh aFe to be dostroyed, unless a permit be pio« duced.

No person to keep a still, &c. without a license, nor unless such perfoH shall have entered and registered as herein, thereupon the ofiiccrofex-cifc to giant a cotilicnte.

Liunfc to

keep a still to he fumed by one vr more commissioners, and to oou-uin as herein,

and to he in foiee hom the date thereof until

2')th Sept.

i.niowing.

Tie Year of George III. 587

ninety-two, no license shall be granted for the keeping of any A.D.

Tw-

ain for ditlilfing spirirs or strong waters, which shall not be capable of containing five hundred gallons, and until the faiil twenty-fourth day of June, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any of them, to grant licenses for any dills of a content not less than two hundred gallons each.

XL. And be it enacted, That no license shall he granted to any person to distil spirits at any place not being a market-town where one or more market or markets arc and shall be held weekly, unless a gauger shall be ftutioneJ in such place, and that every license to any person to distil (pints for file, shall lie null and void to soon as the person or persons who shall have obtained the fame, shall remove his, her, or their distillery to any place from that expressed in such licensc; and that no person but the person named in the license, shall be authorized thereby to distil spirits at any place whatever-; and that the person named in such license shall not be thereby authorized to dillit spirits, save at the place expressed in such license.

XLI. And be it enacted, That no license shall he granted to any person to keep any still for distilling strong waters, unless Inch person with two sufficient sureties, shall have entered into a bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in a penalty of three hundred pounds for every still not exceeding five hundred gallons; and of four hundred pounds for every still exceeding five hundred gallons, and not exceeding one thousand gallons: and of five hundred pounds for every still exceeding one thousand gallons for which such distiller shall require a license conditioned that the person or persons to whom fitch license shall he granted, shall work with such dill or dills not less than one hundred anti twelve working days within the time such license shall he of- force, and shall pay such excise for all such quantities of spirits or strong waters as by any regulation in this act such distiller is chargeable with within the said time, and shall duly pay all such duties as shall become payable for all strong waters to be distilled by such person while such license shall be of force.

XLII. And be it further eaa&ed, that tf any still or black pot shall be found in the pofiession of any person, the same shall be forfeited, and may be fenced, unless a license to the person in whose possession the same shall be found for keeping such still or black pot, signed by one or more of the chief commissioners of excile, shall be produced at the time of finding the fame; and the person in whose custody such still or black plot shall he found, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for each fiivli still; and every 7 I j luad

Chap. 1C.

n.» Hill to be bcensed lit): Ciji.ible of

tiallons until fate. :4'!i June, 203 gallon tlill. may bclicenfct. No licensc l-o dilltf fpi-t‘:ts but it. loiuH where one or r.u.ie markets «;c held wctkl) t ntilcfe a g-tu* gir shall be flaiioned in fin'll place, licensc null when diilil* 1c*y rcinmeJ to a:.y [ilacr not rXpreiil’J therein, utipeifon but ilie jiciion named in the license authorized to dtllil fpiiits, and that only whciecxpiii. fed in the licensc. NoJicnife to be granted unless the person and z buctifS shall enter into a bur.d. in the penalties iteieitij

Conditions of the bond.

Any (lill or black pot m;iv be feiz-eitj iiiiltf* a list-nfi shall be produced.

588 a. n

Chap. l6,

\ on* fitly nvii Mi

sol fur cadi

fliil,

am! every licai! nml vorm of a aill so« felted, tmlufs Jictnfcpro* tiuced at the time of fouling, ami 2ol. for each head or worm, and all men-lils and nu-teri.ils forfeited.

Noiicensed

biazier or in inufaftiircr subji'ftto any penalty for having Hills,

& o.

Every )i-. raised dillil-kr who shall have a Hill or Hills cun-taining4gal-lonsmori'lhan the Hillfrde-fci Shed in II- ceiife,shall forfeit such Still and 20l. and pay duty for the real . contents.

No Hill to be set- to woik. unkfs set up as herein, if found at work, and not so fixed, for-: 1 cited.

Dilliilcr to provide or pay for f.ift-cnius* as h.neiii, and for reputing the f.iine, peualtj iol.

The thirls-first Year of George III.

livid of a Rill, and worm of a Rill which shall be found in the poffdlion of any person shall be forfeited, and may be seized unlcl’s Rich license as aforesaid for keeping a Rill or stills to which Rich head or heads, worm or worms, shall belong, shall be produced at the time of finding the fame; and every person in whose possession Rich head or beads, worm or worms (ha! be so found, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for each such head or worm-; and all vessels and utensils for distilling, and spirits and materials for distill-ing, found in the possession of any Rich person as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

XLIII. Provided always, That no brazier or manufacturer of metal, shall be subject to any penalty or forfeiture for having any Rill, or head of a Rill or worm in his or her pciTcflionj fothat Rich: brazier or manufacturer of metal shall have a license for making the same, in cases where by this act such license is required.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That if any fliil shall be kept or used by any distiller who shall have a license for keeping any Rill or Rill or Rills, and that Rich Rill or Rills so kept or used, shall reflectively be of the contents of four gallons more than the contents of the Rill or Rills for which such license shall have be'en granted to such diRiiler as aforesaid, then and in every such case every such Rill so exceeding the contents respectively of the Rill or Rills deferred in Rich license, shall be deemed an unlicensed Rill, and shall and may be forfeited and seized, and the diRiiler who shall keep or use the same shall forfeit the film of twenty pounds, and Rich diRiiler shall be charged with the duty of so much spirits as he i or flie ought to have been charged with, according to the real contents of every such Rill.

XLV. And be it enacted, That no diRiiler of spirits shall set any Rill to work for the purpose of brewing any wash or pot-ale, or of diRilling, unless such Rill shall be set up to the breaR thereof, in a furnace of brick or Rone, with mortar or lime and sand; and every Rill which shall he found at work, and shall not be so set and fixed as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and may be seized.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That every diRiiler of spirits shall provide at his or her expencep such fastenings or locks and keys to the head, furnace-door, and cocks of every Rill as shall be approved of by the inspeflor or surveyor of the diRrift where such diRiiler rdidcs, or shall pay for such fastenings, locks and keys, as shall be provided by the inspeflor or surveyor for securing the fame.; and if any'Rich diRiiler shall not provide or pay for such fastenings, locks and keys, or if at any time any of such fastenings, or locks or Ikevs Huh be broken, or put out ct order, and Rich diRiiler shall

it at

The thirty-first Year of George III. ' 589

not pay for repairing the fame, every such distiller shall forfeit the A.D. sum of ten pounds. 179

XLVII. And be it enacted, That every distiller of spirits who Chap. 16* shall have any dill of one thousand Gallons content, or upwards, Ewifttwy-shall pay excise for thirteen charges of low wines, for every Inch dill, for twenty-five working days, next after the day on which gMUms. such dill or stills, pursuant to the regulations in this act, shall be unlocked or set at work, together with the excise of as much more pot-ale, tvalli, lotv wines or spirits, as he or she shall dillil within such twenty-five days, and in the fame proportion for every subsequent day, until such Hill or dills shall be locked pursuant to this act.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That every didilier who shall have Excitt-pay-any dill under one thousand gallons, and not lei’s than five hundred gallons content, shall pay excise for fifteen charges of low wines, for icco.an.t not every such still, for twenty-five working days, next after the day on which such dill or dills shall be unlocked or set at work as aforesaid, together with the excise of l’o much more pot-ale, wall), low' wines or spirits as he or she shall didil within such twenty-five days, and in the lame proportion for every day, until such dill or dills shall be locked as aforesaid, and the worm or worms of fitch dill or stills displaced and removed out of the worm-tub or worm-tubs thereunto belonging, as by this act is directed.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That every distiller who shall have Ewife t>’r any still under five hundred gallons, and not less than two hundred gallons content, shall pay excise for twenty charges of low wines, for every such still, for twenty-five working days, next after eallom. the day on which such still or stills shall be unlocked or set at work as aforesaid, together with the excise of as much more pot-ale, walh, low wines or spirits, as he or she shall be found to didil within such twenty-five days, and in the fame proportion for every day,'’ until such still or stills shall be locked, and the worm or worms of such still or stills displaced and removed as aforesaid.

L. And be it enacted, That every distiller who shall be licensed, 4 Djr shall give four days notice in writing, to the surveyor or gauger of officer nf'iw the walk in which his or her distillery is carried on, of the ]

time when he or flie shall begin to work; and that every distiller begin 10 who shall intend to discontinue diddling, with all or any of his or Nmi«ofin-her still or stills, may from time to time, after twenty-eight days, from the day of unlocking such still or stills respectively, as herein Milling after mentioned, discontinue distilling with all or any of his or her hocin'" " still or stills, such distiller giving notice in writing of such his or her intention, six days before the day on which he or the intends (b to discontinue, which notice shall be ftrved upon the collector of

and upon removing worms out of worm tubs.

officer to do as herein,

if the officer

shall be prevented,

or if any dill or (tills be not locked.

or woim not displaced, excise to be paid as if no notice had been given.

Diililler desiring to work again, to give dap notice to collector, surveyor ami gauger, Officer to c-pen locks,

&c.

and worms to be replaced, and charge excise.

Ifaftcra Ait) has been locked 24 hours, it, or the works in which set, shall be found warm,

and in case of a (till under joco gallons, if after 24

The thirty-first Year of George III.

the district, and the surveyor and gauger of the walk wherein such dididery shall he carried on, such notice requiring that his or iter (till or dills so intended to be discontinued from diddling, may on a day to he therein named be locked; and in case of a dill or dills under one thousand gallons content, such notice dignifying that such didilicr will cause the worm or worms thereunto belonging, to be displaced and removed out of the worm-tubs; and thereupon such didiiier displacing and removing, or causing to he displaced or removed clear out of the worm-tub or tubs, the worm or worms to fuel) dill or dills under one thousand gallons respectively belonging, and laying the fame on the ground near the tub, in which the fame was or were fixed; it shall then be lawful for the surveyor or gauger to drap down, and lock on the head of every such dill or dills so intended to he discontinued as aforesaid, and to lock the door of the furnace-grate, and dop and lock the discharge-cock or pipe of every such dill or diils; and if the surveyor or gauger iiiall he prevented from so doing, by any person at such dtdillery, or by means of the distillcry being locked, and no person appearing to give him entrance or otherwise; or if any dill or dills shall not be so locked, or if the worm or worms belonging to any dill or dills under one thousand gallons content, shall not be displaced, removed, and laid down as aforesaid, such didiiier shall continue to pay excise as if no notice had been given of such intention to discontinue from diddling with such dill or dills.

LI. And be it enacted, That any didiiier who shall for a time discontinue diddling in manner aforesaid, and shall desire to set at work again with such did or dills, so discontinued, shall give four days notice in writing to the collector of the didrift, and the fur-vevor and gauger of the walk wherein such didiliery shall be carried on, of the day on which he or she intends to begin to work again, and the surveyor or gauger shall upon such notice open the locks and fadenings of the did or dids of fitch didiiier, and fuder the worm and worms of such dill or dills under one thousand gallons each content, which diall have been so removed to be replaced, and shall charge him or her with excise as herein mentioned.

LII. And be it enacted, That if at any time subsequent to twenty-four hours after any did diall have been locked, such dill or the works in which it is or shall be set, shall be found warm; and in case of a did under one thousand gallons content, if at any time subsequent to twenty-four hours after the worm thereunto belonging was removed out of the worm tub, such worm shall be replaced, or if tile worm tub or water therein to any such dill belonging shall be found warm, the didiiier in whose pofledion the

lame

16*

The thirty-frf Year of George III. 591

fame shall be so found, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, unless A.D. such still shall have been opened upon a new declaration in manner aforesaid.

LIII. And be it enacted, that every distiller from the day on limns W which his or her still or stills shall be unlocked or let at work, shall pay excise in the manner, and according to the quantities herein *,trc‘ mentioned for twenty-eight days next ensuing, and for every day m ifworm after the expiration of the said twenty-eight days, until such notice tot-Wcrlu, shall be given to the collector, surveyor, and gauger as herein before directed, of the time of his or her intending to discontinue working his or her still or stills, and until his or her still or stills i,e pa for shall be locked in manner herein before directed, and until the worm " J)m or worms of such still or stills under one thousand gallons content »-bich any

1 11 . \ 11 1 c r 1 11 ft'll shall lie

each, shall be removed and taken down as aforesaid: and that every u«i(Kkcd or

such distiller shall likewise after every future declaration of his or her ^1,t°r^n0lk’

intention to have his or her still or stills unlocked, pay excise in like and uadi Hill

r . or Hills shall

manner, according to the like quantities, and for the like tune, to

be locked,

commence and be computed from the day of unlocking his or her M

still or stills, after such successive declaration as aforesaid, a deduction before diu-a-of two days being made for the purpose of putting up or replacing Cxcifc t.> be such worm or worms as shall be taken dorvn, so as such still or stills n 'I;'

' niaiiiicrajirr

be not set to work upon either of the said two days; and also an every fopoc allowance of one pound sterling being made to every such distiller fr,m rime of out of the charge of excise for replacing the worm belonging to every still of five hundred gallons content and upwards, and of of 2 days twelve shillings for replacing the worm of every still of two hun- worms, tf dred gallons, and less than five hundred gallons content. 10

LIV. And be it enacted, That every distiller whose still or stills an allowance shall be less than one thousand gallons content each, shall be con- piacine ihe fldered as continuing to work, until such time as the worm or worms of such still or stills shall be dil’placed and removed out loniliH, of the worm tub or worm tubs as herein mentioned, and the dif- for every mil tiller to whom such still or stills shall belong, shall pay excise "cff|"jJaan"j00 accordingly. saiKins.

LV. And be it enacted, That when any officer of excise shall find 0t m, than any still of any distiller of spirits charged with walh of liquor ’

brewed from corn, such officer shall charge such distiller with as as working much spirits as one-ninth part of the content of every such still will worm IB dif* amount to; or if any still be charged with walh made from sugar, pla^l'(.n any molasses, or decayed wines, such officer shall charge such distiller officer shall

4 r r r r «... »I,(1 any Hill

with as much spirits as one-sixth part of the content of such still charged with or stills will amount to, deducting onc-seventh part of the whole "aor J,rcwCd content of every such still for liberty for such still or stills to 7 K 2 work;

592

A.D.

I79'* Chap. 16.

be charged with spirils equal to i -9th of content of (I Hl» if made from fujiar mo-lallcs, or decayed wines, with i-6th of the content, (Icdufling 1-7th of every fuel) dill for liberty to work,

distiller to he charged with strong water equal to l^d of content uf any dill, chained wiili low wines extm&ed from corn or if charged with low wines, from fucar mo* lalfes, &e. with it deducing i-tgib for liberty to wotk.

Penalties on diilillos deceiving officers of exciters herein.

The thirty-first Year of George III.

work; anti that when any fitch officer of excise shall find any still charged with low wines extracted from corn, such officer shall charge such distiller with as much strong water as one-third part of the whole content of such still will amount to; or if liich still be charged with low wines made from sugar molasses, or decayed wines, such officer shall charge such distiller with as much strong waters as one-half part of the content of such dill will amount to, deducing one-twellth part of the whole content of such still for liberty for such still to work.

LVI. And be it enacted, that if any officer of excise shall find any still at work, and the distiller, or any person employed by him or her, shall declare such (1111 to be at work for the purpose of rectifying spirits, and such officer shall not find a decrease equal to the charge of the dill from the flock of spirits, or that any distiller shall refule to declare what is then in the still; then, and in either of the said cases, it shall be lawful for such officer of excise to charge the distiller as if inch Hill was filled with low wines, and such distiller shall nay the duties accordingly; and if any distiller, or any person employed by him shall shew the flock of such distiller to the gauger, and shall declare any part of Inch distiller’s flock to he faints, and that it shall be found that nine gallons thereof shall produce more than one gallon of proof spirits, then, and in such case all the liquors so declared as faints, or found concealed after declaration, shall be forfeited, and the person so offending, shall forfeit twenty shillings for every three gallons thereof; and if any distiller, or his or her servant, shall declare that any still of such distiller is charged with, or dillilling faints, such distiller, or his or her servant shall at the request of such officer of excise, work off the contents of such still in the presence, and according to the direction of such officer without flopping it, or causing it to run foul, and shall put the produce thereof into a vessel or vessels capable of containing not less than one hundred gallons each as such officer shall direct, without wilfully wafting or destroying any part thereof; and if it shall be found that the produce of any such still shall amount to more proof spirits than one-ninth part of the contents of such still, allowing one-seventh of the contents thereof for working, such distiller shall for every gallon of proof spirits so produced, over and above the said ninth part, forfeit twenty shillings; the strength of such spirits and of such liquors as shall be declared as faints, to be determined by the hydrometer uf'ed for proving the strength of imported spirits; and if it shall be found that either salt, sugar, syrup, or any glutinous matter shall be mixed with any spirits, or any liquor declared as faints so as to prevent their

strength

The thhiy-first Year of George III.

strength being known by the hydrometer, the distiller in whole cul-tody such liquor declared as faints and so mixed, or fitch spirits so mixed, shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, together with Inch liquor or spirits; and if such distiller, or his or her servant, shall refuse to work off such Hill, or shall flop it when let to work, or shall spill or destroy any of the produce, such dillil-Jer shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

LVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any officer of excise keeping an account of all tvafli, pot-ale, and low wines, which from time to time shall be in the house or possession of any distiller upon any decrease of waflt made of liquor brewed or made from corn, to charge such distiller with as much spirits as one-ninth part of the walh so decreased shall amount to, or with as many gallons of spirits as one-third part of the first extraction from such wash, called low wines so decreased shall amount to; and upon decrease of any wafti made from sugar lliolalles, or decayed wines, to charge such distiller with one-sixth part as spirits, or with as many gallons of spirits as one-half of the iirft extradlion of low wines made from sugar molasses, or decayed wines shall amount to; and such distiller shall pay the duty so charged.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That every distiller who shall make life of any still of the content of one thousand gallons or upwards, shall on payment of the duties on all wash distilled in every such still, be allowed out of such duties at the rate of sixteen pounds per centum of such duties; and that every distiller who shall make use of any still of five hundred gallons, and under one thousand gallons, shall on payment of the duties on all wash distilled in every such still, be allowed out of such duties at the rate of eight pounds per centum of such duties.

LIX. And for preventing distillers from keeping their backs or vessels filled; for many weeks, under'pretence that their pot-ale or wafti requires a length of time for the proper fermentation thereof, by which means they frequently work off the contents of such backs privately, and replace the fame with concealed pot-ale or wash, be it enacted, That all pot-ale or wash, made of corn, which shall not be distilled in seven days, including the day of brewing, and the day ofidistilling, and all sugar-walh, or walh made of molasses, which shall not* be distilled in fourteen clays, including the day of breaking down the molasses or sugar with water, and the day of disttlling; and all wall] made of sweet waters which shall not be distilled in seven clays, including the day of receiving, and the day of diffilling the fame, shall he considered as new wash, and charged with duty accordingly.

7 L LX. And

59.3

A.D. 1791. Chap. 16.

03.fr keqmu: m

ui'cmint <U will*, Ac. to charge ih'tiilfer will* spiritc com! to 1-9th of walh de* created, or at many gallons as I-3d of l.rd

extinction from low wines a* mount to, and upon do* create of waflt made from fiicar rm>-1 iflcs or decayed wines, with i-fnh sot fpi'its, or -z of first extraction of low winct* made Irom such.

161. per cent, allowed on payment of tl ni its on all wash distilled

in II ills of tcoo palluru or upwaulr, 81, percent. for Utils of 5Ccand mder ICOO gttHcnr.

f’ot-sle or wash mad.1 of corn, not diitilM hi fe*

vtn days, ami fupar or mo-lailc- wash not dill died in 14

days, and wash made of facet waters not diiiilled in 7 d ly f,

charged with duty as new walh.

jrg^. The thirty frfi Year of George III.

A.D.

LX. And be it enacted, That any distiller, who hath or shall 1791- have obtained a iiccni'e for keeping any hill, shall have the lame power anc^ authority to enter into any house, office or tenement Any licenstd belonging to any person in which any dill, or worm of a stili shall rl'kr any"3' he kept, and for the keeping of which stili, or the dill to which -iionfc, Ac. fllch worm shall belong, a licettfe stall not have been grant-

ami fcize wn-

iicenfcdflUU. ed, and to fcize and carry away the fame; and that any iucjj

°nj"fp!iTw.iHi licensed distiller may spill all walh and pot-ale in every case where

and pot-ale^ any officer of his Majesty's revenue may spill the fame; and every

PioJure and such licensed distiller who shall fcize any unlicensed stili or worm,

Siiiec 10 shall have and receive one moiety of the produce of any such stili

or worm seized by them respectively, upon condemnation thereof

and also one moiety of all penalties to which any person in whose

ipoflession such stili shall be found shall be subject, on account of

having such stili in his or her possession, and of the sums which i6

hereby to be recovered as herein after directed, out cf parishes and

-other places in which unlicensed dills shall be seized.

Licensed

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every licensed

gi'ranlithe distiller who shall seize any such unlicensed stili, or worm of a

of fazure of p;n f]lan within six days from the time of seizure, give notice ftilipr worm ’ 3 7 0

to collector, thereof to the collector of the district, or to the next resident offi-

[thcrcoff day' cer of excise, who shall immediately after such notice, take into his

custody such stili or worm, and secure the fame in like manner,

as if they had been seized by any officer of excise.

All vessels

LXII. And be it enacted, That all vessels and utensils of what

ofeii 'in diiui- nature or kind soever, commonly used in the process of distilling

tli"poSinoi. fplrltsi wluch shall be found in any house, out-house, or other

of a licensed place, not belonging to a licensed distiller of spirits, or any house or

hehrokenby other place thereunto adjoining, shall and may be broke and de-

r«emicoffi- ftroye^ by any justice of the peace, or by any officer of his Ma-

ctr, or ltcc-nf* eddistilltr, and all walh and pot ale ljv.llccl.

No back or other vessel to be tiled Tor fermenting, which shall not contain co gallons, nor any fma|-ler quantity to be put therein atone time,

miranyveflW to contain low wines or linglings, M's than the

jesty’s revenue, or by any licensed distiller as aforesaid, who shall find and discover the fame; and all walh and pot-ale found in any such place shall be spilled.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no distiller shall keep in his or her possession, or shall make use of.any back or other vessel for fermenting any pot-ale or wash, which shall not contain four hundred gallons at the least; or shall put into or set in any back, cooler, or other vessel at any one time, a smaller quantity of wort or pot-ale, or wash of molasses or sugar, than four hundred gallons, or make use of any vessel to contain low wines or Anglings, which shall be of less content than the full charge of his or her stili in which such low wines or Anglings shall be distilled; or shall make use of a second vessel for putting low wines or Anglings in, unless the Aril shall be

full

The Year of George III.

full of low wines or Anglings, or shall have any hole in the head or bread of any dill through which the fame may he charged, on pain of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds for every of the said offences.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That no distiller, lb long as he or die shall have any waih or pot-ale of corn on hand, shall let, have, or keep any molasses walh; and if any molasses wash, or walh, or pot-ale of corn shall be found at the lame time in any vessel of any distiller, all such walh and pot ale Avail and may be spilled by any officer of the revenue, and the person in whose distillerv or possession the same shall be found, shall, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

LXV. And for preventing distillers from taking in walh privately prepared, and charging their stil's in the officers absence, be it enacted, That every distiller of spirits, shall twenty-four hours at lead before receipt of any quantity of decayed wines, sugar water, cr any other fermented wadi into his distillery, give notice in writing to the gauger or officer of excise in charge of such distillery, of the particular quantity of such decayed wines, sugar, water, or other kind of fermented walh, and of the species thereof, and of the time when he or she intend to receive the same; upon pain of forfeiting for every such offence the sum of ten pounds.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That every distiller, his or her fer-vailt, who Avail lliew his or her flock to any officer of excise, shall count all the calks of spirita, and declare the number thereof to the officer taking an account of the fame; and in case such distiller, his or her servant shall refuse so to do, he or flic Avail forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds; and if after such declaration as aforesaid, any of the calks which shall have been declared to contain spirits shall be found to be empty, or to contain any other liquor or thing save only spirits, or if more calks than one shall be found not to be full, or if a greater number of casks shall be found than have been so declared, such distiller Avail forfeit for every calk so found not corresponding with such declaration, the sum of five pounds.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That if any distiller shall use a cooler, through the center whereof there shall not he erected and constantly kept fixed lengthways from one end to the other, a sufficient frame or stage of wood, at least eighteen inches in breadth for the officer of excise to gauge the liquor in such cooler, or shall in brewing or distilling make use of any cooler which shall not be fcrcived down, or otherwise sufficiently fattened to beams firmly fixed at both ends in the walls of his or her still-house, or house used for brewing pot-ale, or in 7 L 2 some

595

A.D. 1791.Chap. 16.

full chins* uf lilt flul. noi to use any lcCOIlJ Vt'ill'!, iiillth the lull

Hull be fu‘l,

r.Jt io have a

hole in the lu'3'J or bread of any ilil! ilnoogi) which it may

be chirped, penalty io'.

Mohr.Trs walh, mill coi n waff:, or pst-a'e found tu/0-iher. tlii.'i Ik* Ipiiicd, ami sal. forfeited.

24. hours notice before the receipt of decayed Vrincs, &c. penalty to*.

Pci for. Shewing (lock, to count at! cafles of spittu and declare the number, penalty 20b penalty for every calk foum) wn corrrspond-tng with declaration

No cooler to be used without a frame in the center, as heuin,

or which shall not be fattened, as herein; liloatiou not to be a toed without days nolic;,

596 The thirty-first Year of George III.

A.D.

some other firm or substantial work; or shall alter or suffer the level, 1791* situation or dipping place of any cooler by him or her made life of, or the beams that support the lame, after having been so fixed as aforesaid, to be altered, without having given four days notice thereof to the officer or gauger of the walk in which such distillery t ( shall be carried on; or if such distiller on the demand of any officer fumifliciiwiih of excise made to him or her, or to the person attending to shew h’s or her flock, Avail not furniffi or cause to be furnished, a strong and safe ladder of length sufficient to enable such officer to afeend to such cooler, and fix the fame at the dipping place thereof; every distiller so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, shall far every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

PoGimi of

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That no distiller of spirits Avail alter

or permit the position of the dipping place of any back or cooler by altered with- him or her ul'cd, to be altered after the fame Avail hare-been level-penalty'll! fed and fixed, without first giving notice thereof in writing to the Purveyor or other officer of excise of the place wherein such distiller Avail reside, under the penalty of five pounds for every such offence.

LXIX. And to prevent distillers from having coppers or vessels for brewing pot ale constructed so narrow at the mouths thereof that heads of stills can be placed thereon, by which such coppers or other vessels may be used as stills, and to prevent them from placing such coppers or brewing vessels so near their worm tubs as that the worms in such tubs may

After:* 179U tin copper or vessel for brewing pot* a’e to be uicd which finll not'bc as wide at the mouth as in any oilici part, penalty 10l.

and copper forfeited: no veiled fur brewing pot* :.!c to be p’actd in any

imutiun laveas herein.

per.a ty

sol.

be calilv applied to such coppers when used as stills, be it enacted, That if any distiller of spirits Avail after the twenty-fourth day of . June, in the year one thousand seven' hundred and ninety-one, make life of, or keep any copper or vessel for brewing pofale, the' width whereof at the mouth Avail be left than the width thereof in any other part of such copper or other vessel, every such copper or vessel shall be forfeited; and may be seized, and the person using or keeping the fame Avail forfeit the sum of ten pounds; arid if any such distiller shall have or keep any copper or other vessel for brewing pot ale, set or placed in any manner other than in such situation as that the still or place where the same shall be set or (land. Avail be in a direct line between the place where such copper.or other brewing vessel Avail be set or Hand, and the place where the worm tub Avail be set or Hand, every such distiller for every time such copper or other brewing vessel shall be found set or placed in any fttua-tion other than as aforesaid, Aiall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

LXX. And be it enacted, That every distiller Avail keep his

or her spirits together in a store or stores, in or adjoining to his or

dtinw her distillery, and Avail not make use of any place for keeping his

or

The thirly-first Year of George III. 597

or her (pints, of which he or she shall net have given notice to the A.D.

surveyor or gauger of the walk; and every distiller whole distiiicrv '791-

is or shall be situated in the city of Dublin, or within two miles of the castle of Dublin, shall (tore, or keep his or her spirits in calks a. i.wtiu

of the content of not lei's than one hundred gallons each; and every notlrc'-

distiller whose distillery is or shall be situated in any other n:ut of ’

‘_. 1 v. itlii.i 2 mi«

this kingdom, shall (lore or keep his or her spirits in calks not less of Call than hogsheads; and every distiller shall place and keep all his or i,c i', ^',1.? her calks and vessels in which any spirits shall be florcd or kept, or which shall be made use of in distilling, in convenient situation-, sa'innstaj. with their dipping place uppermost and easy of accels, and in Inch 0th.T pot'/w manner that the officers of excise may readily and eiTcdually take the gauge thereof; and every such di'iiller shall forfeit the sum of ho.

at.:

twenty pounds for every default or neglect in any of the said respect a,;,")’,' tive cases; and if any spirits shall be found in any private (tore or stores of which such notice as aforesaid shall not have been given, conn mint the same shall be forfeited, and may be fei/.ed, and the distiller or ;'V-distillers Co whom they' belong shall forfeit for every gallon so found, f'f the sum of twenty shillings. {. 10....!

LXXI. And be it enacted, that no distiller of spirits shall use any ',..i

unmaited corn, or any oatmeal in making or fermenting any wailt ' V r'r for the making of spirits, and if any unmalted corn or any oatmeal shall be used by any such distiller for any of the purposes aforesaid, every such distiller for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum often '*l!' pounds.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That no distiller shall brew (hull

beer or ale for sale: and it shall be lawful for any officer of excise, to a c

' , for (n c

charge all malt liquors in the possession of any distiller as pot-ale, or - .> walh for the purpose of distilling, and in case any such distiller shall neglect to declare such final! beer or a!c as pot-ale, then and ill lucll 8t I!"1 "Jr m

0 ... w.lill of not

case such distiller shall be subject to the several penalties to which I. irc.l.

distillers are liable for making a (hart declaration or -concealment of f

Walh. ]i. na'tic for

CUUCVilllHCllt.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That every distiller shall, on any viftt made by any officer of excile, ftippiy every such officer on dc- be f.ip,c.i mand with lights sufficient for the purpose oi searching and gauging "a"'*’ all the (lock on hand belonging to Inch distiller as well by day as by night, on pain of forfeiting for every Inch neglect the lum cf five pounds. I'tna ty 5l.

I.XXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any officer of.excile to visit in the day time, the sugar houses belonging rim to any ftlgar baker, and there to take an account of all sugar-wa- ukcm.i tcr-walh; and upon any decrease afterwards found therein, inch

Vol. XV. 7 M (ugar ', J;

I t.( {.I-

vzicr

598 The thirty-/,rjl Year of George III.

A.D.

sugar baker shall be charged by such officer with, and (ha! pay the

791 duty payable upon walh of molaffies by distillers of spirits, unless

the lame shall be found to have been fold and delivered to a licensed fugjrtakfr difliller.

upSccmfe,

LXXV. And be it emidted, That all sugar-wa!h found at any as^icr.in. sugar-bakers within twenty-four hours after it shall be taken Iroin forfeited, if the cittern, and not declared to the officer of excite, shall he for-

feited am! naybc fd«d-

hours after

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall he lawful for any ofii-

taken from the cittern, cer of excile who shall (met any warn or pot-ale concealed in any

p imv'iIoe placet nct being the property of, nor claimed by a, licensed dlftiller,

chtiuvM bya to fell the vessels containing such wadi to any licensed dlftiller, to-tiltcr,together gether with the faitl walh; provided such walh shall fell for a iuirt rlhh!which equal to t‘le duty chargeable thereon, otherwise such walh shall be c"'af".Cf’l 1 *pihe(l i anl^ *n cafc h'ch walh Ha nil be fold, the purchaser thereof

u. a licensed shall pay the collector of the district where Inch difliller shall refule, wfd! to he excise for the fame, in like manner as for any other part of his flock, fynied if together with the purchase money thereof.

cqmitoiiuiyi I.XXVII. And be it enacted, That every unlicensed difliller, and

paid.'W *>C every person except a brazier, having an unlicensed dill in his pol-

Every pe'idn session; and every retailer of, or dealer in spirits for sale, or other

».icr, living person not having a licenl'c to keep a dill, in whole custody iltall be

aniin.aLnieJ yountj a!1y qu.mtity of spirits exceeding four gallons, except spirits

aml cveiy for which a permit shall bc produced, or in whose custody, house,

licensai to offices, or tenements, any vessels for making spirits, or any wadi,

tdiofliiiinve pot-alc, low wines, or (inglings shall be found, shall be deemed a

nime than person making ufo of such vessels, or concealing such spirits, walh,

pillions of 1 0 , 0 1

fpiiits, iviiii- pot-alc, low wines or (inglings, and shall be subject to the re-

or'wLE"’ spedlive penalties to which distillers are liable for using private vessels have any «f for making spirits, or for concealing spirits, -walh, pot-ale, low

Icls for m.ik* t

ins fpiu'u, wines or Anglings; and all such vends and Ipints, v/alh, pot-ale,

M>ie£t ip pe- *ow w'ncs and (inglings, shall be forfeited and seized.

naiiics for

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for air-'

vcirrfjfor commissioner of excise, or any collector of excise within his distrifl,

riiT of for upon application for that purpose, to grant without any fee, a license

cmiaalais to any chymist, apothecary or druggill, to keep or make use of 011c

audalinirjs, or more (fill or dills of such dimensions, and no other, as shall he

fmidiVa'’ fpcc>lied in such license for diddling medicinal compound, or cor-

Anv com- <iiai waters only; which license shall bc of force until the twenty-mmioncror , r . *11* r 1

collector of ninth day of September following; provided that before any such

prant air' license shall bc granted, every chymist, apothecary and druggist ap-

confe to any plyW for the (lime, shall previous to the Hilling thereof, enter into

-diymilt, &c. 1 / .1

toufe 1 or a bond to his Majesty, with one or more (uretv or ftireties, in the

sum

The thirty-first Year of George III.

599

film of one hundred pounds, conditioned that he or she shall not A.D.

distil or fell any Ijtirits whatl'oever, (other than and except niedici- !79f’

nal compound and cordial waters,) nor lend or let out any inch still

to any person whailucver: and in eal'e the coiunlion of any such ,i. , nils

bond shall at any time be broken, the liceul'e granted thereupon

shall immediately after judgment had, lie null and void. ^i"-

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall lie lawful for the com- a

missioners of excise, or any three or more of them, to grant license*

to such persons as they shall think proper to keep and make life of r.iniinmni

one or more still or Hills, black pot or black pots, at their dil’cre- ifoiidui'nn

tion, not exceeding twelve gallons content each, lor the diililling of

medicinal waters, or for making experiments and discoverics in na- '-'oimr.if.

tural philosophy; and every still which ilia! he tbit ml in the pof- frj»i licfuL

session of any chymilt, apothecary or druggist, or other person ff>r

which such license as aforesaid fltull not he produced, shall he for- nmii.-imi

V,'fllCrS'

fated, and maj be fazed. jnAir.MA.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That no brazier or other person dealing in brass, copper, tin, or other miuiufaflured metal, shall make or have In his possession any still or black pot, the contents p >flrlli.,n .,f whereof shall he less than five hundred gallons, without liril having obtained a license from one or more of the commissioners of excise iurfun J

No bn/:rr,

for making the same; and if any brazier or other person as alorc-said, shall make or have in his possession, such still or black pot without such license, or if such still or black pot shall he found in the 5°; fall"’

7 1 \vit!i -u; I:-

possession of any brazier or other person, who shall not produce a ceuic, license for nuking or keeping the fame, such brazier or other person shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and such ftiil or black pot

shall aho be forfeited and seized.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That every brazier or other person who shall make any flu- whatever, flta’il before he or flic dispose of the fame stamp on the brcail of such still over that part thereof where the cock of such li.li dull be placed, and also on the head ol such still, his or her name and surname, and place of re/idence at full length, in Roman letters, and the number of the year in which such still shall he dii] ofe.i of, and the number of gallons which the lame shall he capable of containing, in figures, such letters and figures to he funk in the metal of such ftiil, and not less than half an inch long; or shall for every default therein, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.; and if any such still shall afterwards be enlarged, the brazier or person enlarging the fame, shall in like manner stamp the number of gallons such ftiil shall he capable of containing after the enlargement thereof, or fltalt forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

Kveiy br.t-

v.ikT lulorc rmy Hill b:*

iift umi-vk I hereon, us herein,

penally lol.

«|itn any still /half be citiarp'ri,

(lit* brit/tVr lo stamp t?;c number of il.ll oil-, peuahy loh

V M 2

LXXKII.

<jgg The thirty-jirjl Year of George III.

A.D.

LXXXir. And be it enacted, That every brazier, or ether per-' 791 foil dealing in m mufaftuieil metal, shall on oi before the twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day Ev.-iy b.a- of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, in every year, ' T'.T' I?, return a true account to the coiieflor of the district in which he or

return «n

cmiai .11 die |],c {linll reside, under his or her hand, or the hand of some in tiic nun- known clerk, of every (till sold by him or her within the then pre. rccla!0' ceding three months, and the name and surname of the person to iKinhy tol. whom each such (till was fold, anil his or her place of rehdence, and the number of gallons every such (till shall be capable of containing, and shall for any default therein, forfeit the him of ten pounds.

Any lire e’er,

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any brewer or distiller of

illltnicr, nr ‘

retailer nf spirits, or any retailer ot malt liquors, or spiritous liquors, ins wife, or

liitSiaiA.'r- his or her fervent, shall refuse, or not suffer any officer of excise to

mt- any c.;5.d- catcr into his or her house, oat-honfe, (tore or other place whatsoever,

l., enter an , ’ 1

herein, where any part of the buhness of the brewing, diddling, or retailing is

carried on by such persons respectively, or where any beer, ale, or

spirits arc kept, or if any such officer having entered, shall not be

ortnjmsc permitted to remain therein to gauge the vessels, and take an ac-

i ."ni.t'nr count of Stock cf any such person, or of any liquors or ingredients

I... -, «. tiled or ready to bcui’ed in brewing or diddling, or to see the whole

brewing or diddling compleatly linished, and the liquors tunned or

dored, and to take an account of the liquors brewed or diddled, or

in the piocefs of brewing or diddling every such brewer, diddler,

and retailer of beer and ale or spirits, liiali for every such offence rc-

frreill finfuli fpcflively forfeit the sum of thirty pounds.

LXXXIV. And whereas brewers of beer and ale, and didiliers of spirits, frequently make use of places adjoining their own holder, breweries or distilleries, for the purpose of clandcdincly brewing, diddling, or concealing their respective liquors, for remedy whereof If tin- nc- lie it enacted, That if the owner or occupier of any house, dore, or iteh'iUir1' other place adjoining to, or in the neighbourhood of the dwelling-»«*«- house, brewery, or didiliery of any brewer, or diddler of spirits; hrcw.i y nr or if any servant of the owner or occupier of any such house or place any'ferva’n't' shall not upon demand of any officer of excii'c made in the day-time, nf such, Hull admit such officer, or flia.ll not allow him to enter and feareh dicti

liliHler any

(lificertn tire house, dore or place, for any of such liquors, or any materials or for'iKilutingredients for brewing or diddling, which any such officer shall &c‘ have reasonable or probable cause to suspect to be fraudulently concealed therein. Inch occupier of such house or other place, shall in penalty jot. every such calc, forfeit the lum of fdty pounds.

If no per-

LXXXV. And be it unaided, That if no person shall attend or fan Ili.ill.

tcnil at fuct, appear in such house, dore or place as aforesaid, to give entrance to

such

Ihe thirlj-fujl Year of George III.

Got

luffi officer, it drill lie lawful for such officer and his assistants in A.D.

the da)' time, in the presence of a conilable or other lawful officer 1791 -

of tii: peace, (who is hcrchv authorize and required to be aiding

and a (filling- therein), to break open, enter, and to make search in |i!a« to five

such hoitfe, (lore or place, for lueh liquors as aforesaid, which he or "r,y

they may have reason.ible or probable cauf’e to flilpesft to be fraudu- l|,e.,!av ' , time, m pre-

leiiily concealed therein. fence of a

LXXX

VI. Provided always, That if upon search no such liquor to af-

shall be found, such officer or officers shall repair all the damages fl11)l!ie:l!t

1 ° CptAI, &c.

done, or malce.reasonable Jatisra&ion for the lame, to the owner or if tui liquor

i p i ,* founds officer

ccaijner of the premiles. tM ;p

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That if the door so broken or

ll the .’nor

forced, shall open into or immediately from any brewery ordifliilery, so Men,

or-any part of the -premrfes thereunto belonging, and that the brewer j^Xhn-or dilliller owning such brewery ordifliilery, or tile person who shall jfcfi^'ly ifliew the (lock of such brewer or dilliller, shall not upon demand l.i-«y..r made open the fame, and give entrance to any such officer or offi- rr‘',’tVn;if!^ icers; then and in every such case, fu.:h brewer or dilliller Audi for-

’ J ii'J lilt per-

-felt the film of fifty pounds. son ilicuio.r

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, that no brewer of beer or ale -(hall fell, deliver or carry out, any beer or ale to any person in any city, town-corporate, or market-town, before notice given to an No hrc-cr -officer ofoexeife, unless from the twenty-fifth day of March, to the J,"no'r'aLm twenty-ninth duv of September, in each year, between the hours of c"y ,r

\ ‘ 1 ' town lli-fore

three in the morning, and nine in the evening, and from the notice to :twenty-ninth day of September, to the twenty-fifth dayof March, in p,',',)'1,"'1' each rear, between the hours'of five-in the morning, and eight in the tH

/ ’ ° ° 2IJ Sepr.

evening, upon pain that every brewer doing contrary hereunto, ln-twrci'j In

shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings for every barrel that shall he ami 'g'iu'tV.c

To carried out, contrary to the true meaning of this act.

’ ' ° t ' t on.I fn.’m zq

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That no distiller shall deliver, or Si-pt. uuj carry out to any person in calks, or by the gallon, without notice i,!',"!,1'.’,'5 ?, first given to the officer of excise for the place or division where lllc

n 1 . anil S in tin:

fitch distiller shall live, to the mtc-nt that fitch officer may be present civnin-;

to fee and gauge such spirits; unless from the twenty.ninth day pi-i-’3<’,ar:Z-f. ’ of September, to the twenty-fifth day of March, in each year, (

between the hours of live of the clock in tire morning, and eight in any the evening; and from the twenty fifth day of March, to lire nine and twentieth (Lay of September, in each year, between the hours of three in the morning, and nine in the evening, upon pain that unl.f. fmai -every dilliller doing contrary hereunto, shall forfeit for every such ji.' offence the lum of twenty pounds.

tin!

N

6 02

A.D.

179:. Chap. 16.

jiu! 8 hi th; CWtli- r, ii'n1 fm.n: 5 I'Xarea :«>

7(j Scpr. be* t;veen 3 in the moi ning* and tf in the even* in$s

pcnnlty 2d.

Every -hitv/cr and ililiillertn attend, or oiufe loiue jtsi foil lo attend ami miiiiit of Tieeis at the said

respective

h.nfcs. and permit them to view, *:.-usKl-, &c.

often as ret]nned *, if officer he nut admitted as iieicin, pen-ilty to!.

Every brewer or ciiililier, or the person who shall act* mit the ofli-ccr to iheiv ail (lock ami give a declaration of the fame, as herein.;

penalty 50l.

*1l*lifer, ale, puile, or worts, in the premise» of a brewer,* m»t dec'ared, shall be forfeited, and yl. per Uriel,

;tnd all waOi, Src. in the piemifes of 0 dillil’er m.t declared, shallbc forfeited,

and 20s f*r

every y gal-

The thirtj-frji Year of George III.

XC. And be it enacted, That every common brewer and dilliller shall, at the said respective hours of each day of the said respective months in every year, either attend in person and admit, or cause some person to attend and admit the officers of excise and their affiflauts, into their breweries, distilleries or (lores, and permit them to view tire fame, and to gauge and take an account of the liquors contained therein, as often as any of such officers shall attend and require to be admitted, within the times and in the manner herein before mentioned; and in case any such officer shall not get admittance after having demanded the fame, and declared his or their name and business, and after having waited for the space of an half hour after such demand made, at the gate or door of any brewer or distiller, through which such officer hath been usually admitted, such brewer-or distiller shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds for every such offence.

XCI. And be it enacted, That every brewer, and every distiller of spirits, or the wife of such brewer or distiller, or the person who shall at any time admit or give entrance to any gauger, or other officer of excise, into the brevv-lionfe, still-house, work-house, store» or other part of the premises belonging to such brewer or distiller, ilial! shew, or cause 'to be shewn to such officer or officers, all the flock on hand of beer, ale, guile, worts, walh, pot-ale, spirits, singlings, or low wines, belonging to such brewer or distiller respectively, and give, or cause to be given, a declaration of the fame, that is to say, that the (lock so shewn is all the flock of, or belonging to such brewer or distiller, on pain of fifty pounds to be forfeited by such brewer or distiller for every time heorihe, or any other person in Iris or her employment, who shall give entrance or ad-nriffion as herein before mentioned, shall refuse or omit on demand to shew, or cause to be shewn, such (lock, or make such declaration as aforesaid and if such officer or officers shall upon search, find or discover any beer, ale, guile, or worts of the flock then on hands, in the premises of any brewer which shall not have been declared or shewn, the same shall be forfeited, and be seized, and such.bre-wer shall also forfeit the sum of five pounds for every barrel thereof; and if any such officer shall find any walh, pot-ale, spirits, singlings, or low wines, of the flock then on hands, in the premises of any distiller which have not been declared or shewn as aforesaid, that then all such wash, pot-ale, spirits, singlings, or low wines, shall be forfeited, and such distiller shall forfeit the sum oftwenty shillings for every nine gallons of wash or pot-ale, and for every three gallons of singlings or low wines respectively, that shall be discovered

in

The ihirly-jliji Year of George III. 603

in i!se pofllflinn of such distiller, over ant! above the quantity so lie- A.D.

dared or shewn as aforesaid. 1791

XCII. And be it enacted, That as often as the trade of brewing

or diddling shall be exercised or carried on by, or in the name, or liras ur with

for the tile of any person under the age of twenty-one years. Inch To \v’Cry

person dial] be liable to the payment of all duties of excite, and of all

penalties and forfeitures that may be incurred and become payable by low u-incs.

any law, relating to the excise, and be subject to such regulations jcl the’"11

and restrictions, as fully to all intents and purposes, as if such per- the

son was adult, and of full age.

XG11l. And be it enacted, That no brewer shall havd or keep, trade M

or permit to be kept, any lire under any copper or pan, or other

brewing vessel or utensil in his brewery, between the hours of fix in lotKs^p.i.al-

the afternoon on any Saturday, and the hour of fix in the afternoon No brewer

on any Sunday; and no distiller of Spirits shall have or keep, or

permit to be kept, any (ire under any (till in his distillery, between ow"*

’ 1 ’ ' 1 khvmi 6 rat

the hour of ten in the afternoon on any Saturday, and the hour of Saturday ami

four in the morning on any Monday, on pain of forfeiting rel'pec-

lively for every such offence, tile ("uni of fifty pounds. nodillilcr tu

XCIV. And be it cna£icd, That every common or re- dcrany nut

tailing brewer of beer, pOTler, ale, or small beer; and every

distiller of spirits shall, under his or her own hand, or the

band of some- person for whom he or flie shall be respon- i"l,lc mom-

fible, weekly, that is to say, on or before Saturday in every day 5

week, make true entry at the office of excise, in which such

brewer or distiller shall carry on the business of brewing

or distilling, of the quantity and quality of all beer, por- ma!c5 "'«k'jr

01 ' 1 ' , 1 entries at tnv

ter, ale, and small beer, by him respectively brewed, and excise office of the quantity of spirits which each distiller is, or shall 35 here,n* be chargeable with duty for, by decrease of wafti, or other- aIlli pa;. ,£ wife, for and during the week ending the Saturday next preceding; and shall at the same time pay and clear off, or cause to be paid and cleared of!', the whole of the excise penalty:o!. by him, her, or them so payable for the fame, upon pain of forfeiting twenty pounds for every such omission, negleel, tovcikr w'th or default of entry and payments, together with a sum r,t, icturiml equal to double the duty returned by the gauger or gaugers of

to be due by such brewer or distiller for such week; and "5>

’ of iilm Hull

that the tender or payment of any sum short of the duty k-Pr'b:., so returned to be payable, shall not exempt such brewer or rMm j.-i.'ny, distiller from the payment of any part of the penally aforesaid, which entry and payment of duty at the time, and in the manner herein mentioned, and penalty on default, shall jN J be

'C°4

T/Y ;birij-fnft. Year of George III.

A.D. 1x in lieu of all penalties fer default of weekly entry ana payment of duty for beer, porter, ale, 'final! beer, or spirits, imposed by any law or laws heretofore made.

MV" t XCV. And be it enacted, That no person shall harbour, ;r..l..(V.i'.I'-y keep Or conceal, nor shall knowingly permit to be har-ifrroflt Tj'- houred, kept or concealed, nor shall give any aid, alii fiance

liliy ^i,y or toward to any person or perfims to harbour, keep, or

smHmv. cor.cea! in any House, out-house, turfflack, hay-rick, or -to k-‘ep '»r other place or places whatsoever, any beer, ale, spirits, lo«.v wince, Anglings, wash, or pot-ale, which shall have been urwa'-'itiiany unlawfully brewed, made or distilled, and whereof the

perftin 'o ktrcj> j

orcwpl duties due and payable thereupon, ft a II not -have been paid ilu. ic as or secured according to law; and if any person shall offend penally 5l. >n the-premises, then end in any of the said:cases,-every such it-' i tulsr’ pt’tfon, and every person who shall give aflifiance to, or aid &c. tuitiiui. in any of such concealments, shall forfeit the firm of five pounds, and all such 'boer, ale, spirits, low wines, Anglings, wall) and pot-ale, shall he forfeited, and may be seized.

XCVI. And be it enacted, That all brewing coppers and other utonfils,-and vessels for brewing 11 fed in any brew-housej and la-11 Hills,: worms, fli 11-heads, and other utcnAls vessels for distilling, ufied in any distilling-house into whose hands soever the same shall come, and by what conveyance or title whatsoever the same shall be claimed, shall be liable and subject "unto, and are hereby charged with all debts and duties of -excise which shall be in arrear, and owing by any person or persons for any malt or spiritous liquors made within such brew-house or distilling-hotilc, and shall also be fuhjetl to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by such person or persons using such brewing-house or distil-ling-house, for any offence against the laws of excise; and -iiditc fee. 10 it shall be lawful in all cases to levy such debts, duties, offtkhutv!- -penalties and forfeitures, out of such utensils, as it would ok a* ,f >i.o pc ]llwfifl to do in case the brewer and difliller owin<t such

nrt'UTT and

diiliiiiwtiiviup debts and duties, or incurring such penalties and forfei-

I'lcli wiictiie 'r . 1

rt-ni pr^n'c- tines, were respectively the real proprietors of such atonfils tors- and vessels.

XCVII. And whereas common and retailing brewers, and'

All mcn-J1U r.n ^rrtv-in?, [n i!iy lui'w lionf',

rod f. rdiilil-liiiir. in any «IU0 dluiliiny Umuc,

Y V.-in all an ! d'.r tic; of i-a-ifc incur d in such houfr;

di tidier: i of spirits, freq iiently run conAderably in arrear

for the duties of excise, and before judgment on any in-

f nr.ati' j;i for the penalri es for not paying such duties can

be obis riled, tcerele or e; arrv away their-brewing and difi-

The thirtyfirst Year of George III.

605

1791. Chap. 16.

If any brewer or dilliller ilull feffor excise to be unpaid 5 weeks after it ought to be paid, Colli'Cioi may issue a warrant to feixe all mailiti-.

and detain them until arrear and penalties fit all be paid, if not paid within 10 dajs after judgment,

utensils. S,t*. to be sold,

fur| lua to be p'tid to biew» er ordifliller.

ling utensils; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That if A.D. any common or retailing brewer, or any difliller of spirits, shall suffer any duty of excise to remain due, for three weeks after the fame ought to he paid, it shall be lawful for the colleger of excise for the tiiAriel where such brewer or difliller rcfidcs, by warrant under his hand and seal, to empower any person or persons to seize all the coppers, vessels, and utensils for brewing, uied in any brew-house, and all the flills, worms, still-heads, and all other veflTcls and utensils for distilling, used in any difiilling-house belonging to such brew:er or difliller respectively, so running in arrear, and to detain the fame until such brewer or distiller shall have paid such arrear of excise, and the penalties incurred by default of payment thereof; provided, that if such excise and penalty shall not be paid within ten days after judgment shall be obtained on any information for such penalties, all such utensils and vessels shall be sold by public cant, by virtue of a warrant on such judgment; and if after payment of such arrear of excise and penalties, together with the costs and expences attending the recovery thereof, there shall be any surplus of the produce arising from the sale of such utensils and vessels, such surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to the brewer or difliller, whose utensils and vessels shall be sold as aforesaid.

XCVIII. Provided always, That where any such seizure and detention shall be made, and the collector so causing the same to lie made, shall not within fourteen days after the making thereof, cause an information to be filed for the penalty for not paying the arrear of excise alledged to be due; and shall not cause the same to be proceeded Oil ill such manner as that judgment may be pronounced thereon within thirty-one days after the making of such seizure; then and in either of such cases, and not otherwise, it shall be lawful for the brewer or difliller whose. utensils and vessels shall have been so seized and detained, to re-take the fame by virtue of replevin, in such manner -as replevins may be made of any goods distrained for rent by any common person.

XCIX. And whereas by law, the returns made by the gauger to the commissioners or fub-commissioners of excise of beer and ale brewed, and of spirits distilleil, are a charge

Tf ihc collector docs not caufi: ;nt information to be filed in 14 days after seizure,

and proceeded on, fu that judgment may be bad in 31 days after leisure, the brewer or dtllil.’ci may retake by replevin.

6o6

A.D. 1791. Chap. 16.

When any difference shall arise he tween an of* Beer and a brewer or diffiller, toiicMog the quantity or quality of 11'

quor, officer 10 verify hia return by oatlt* a» herein,

thereupon the brewer or (iilbller to be charged.

A minute booh to fic kept in evciy brewery and dillillery, u9 In. rein;

any brewer 01 diffiller w!to rc bise to receive (uelt book, or shall Jim/, deface nr abet it, or c.uife it to hrtmn,

Sic. or make or canfc an entry to be made, or ri fuse to produce the i'tnie,

The thirty-first Year of George III.

upon the brewer or difliller who is obliged to pay excite accordingly, in case the returns of such gauger exceed what the brewer and difliller respectively shall upon their entries charge themselves with, and not otherwise; therefore in order as much as may be to prevent disputes between officers of the revenue, and brewers and distillers, and to guard against errors in the returns of such officers with respect to the quantity and quality of the liquors therein charged upon brewers and distillers, be it enacted, That as often as any dispute or difference shall arise between any officer of the revenue, and any brewer or difliller, touching the quantity or quality of the liquor charged by any officer of the revenue upon such brewer or difliller; the return made by such officer shall he verified by the oath of such officer, to be made before one of the chief commissioners or fub-commissioners of excise, that the return by him made is true and fair, according to the befl of his skill and knowledge; and thereupon such return shall be a charge upon the brewer or difliller so difputing the fame, and not otherwise.

C. And be it enacted, That there shall be kept in every public brewery and difiillery by every brewer and difliller respectively, a minute book, to be delivered to such brewer or difliller by the fiirvcvor. or other officer of excise appointed to survey and visit his or her brew-house or still-house; which book shall be safely kept by every such brewer and difliller, and in which such officer or officers shall make true entries of all the times of his or their visiting such brewery and difiillery, and of all such other particulars relative to the slate and condition of such brewery or difiillery, as.he or they shall find necessary and expedient, or as he or they shall be directed by any superior officer to enter therein; and in case any such brewer or difliller to whom such- book shall be tendered by any officer of excise shall refuse to receive the same, or having received the fame, shall wilfully tear, deface, or alter such book, or cause--the fame. to..be!;tern, defaced or altered, or shall make or cause to be made any entry therein 5 or in case such brewer or difliller, or any^ person employed by him or her to attend his. or her, brew-r" house or still-house, shall at any time when required by any officer of excise refuse to produce such book, or to deliver the same to such officer for the purposes aforesaid, that, then

and

The thirty-jhjl Year of George III. 607

and in every such case, such brewer or distiller shall for cvc- A.D. ry of such offences, forfeit the sum of ten pounds. Cl'a^iG

Cl. And be it enacted, That where any stili not licensed as by this act is required, shall. be seized in any county of 10'-

a city, or in any county of a town in this kingdom, the

sum of twenty pounds for each such unlicensed stili shall be dill which raised by presentment of the grand jury of such county of

iii ni'ycoumy

a city, or county of a town, on the inhabitants of such pa- °V,^v ;,f ,7

rish or union, or part of such parish or union, or extra-pa- 1

rochial place in the county of the city, or county of the i>y present-town in which such stili shall be seized; and if any such iwbirams, stili'shall be seized in any town, or on any town-land in y n,cli any county at large, then the sum of ten pounds for each 11,11 m

J ~ 1 any town or

such unlicensed stili shall be raised by presentment of the town-land in grand jury of such county at large, on the inhabitants of 1 uiit. 10l. by such town or town-land, which said respective sums of twenty pounds, and of ten pounds, shall be applotted and ^["^".2 levied in the same manner, and by the fame means as other f»!J ium« to

r . be applotted

public money presented by the grand juries reflectively is and leviedm to be applotted and levied, and the same shall be applied as

herein after is divested

monry pie-

cly, if such stili or black pot

' grand juries;

shall be seized in the county of the city of Dublin, or the liberties thereunto belonging, or county of Dublin, one of

moiety of the said respective sums shall be paid to the treasurer of the house of industry for the use of the said house, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall have seized such stili; and if such stili shall be seized in any other part of this kingdom, one moiety of the said respective sums shall be paid to the treasurer of the public infirmary or hospital for the county in which such stili shall be seized, for the use of such infirmary or hospital, and the other moiety to the person who shall have seized the same.

CII. Provided always, That such stili or black-pot shall have been condemned by the chief commissioners of his Ma- n;tk. u*. 1*

condemned by commdii -

jesty’s revenue of excise, if seized within the jurisdiction of the excise-office in Dublin, or if seized in other parts of this on^or rnh-

j coimnifTion-

kingdom, by the fub-commissioners of the district in which the fame shall respectively seized; and provided also, that andiimtiw

in cases where there shall have been any claim, the time for

appe

ali:

lg from the judgment of condemnation shall have 1‘Xcp.t-1

0 2

elapsed, 1,0,1

' be made.

608 The thiriy-strjl Year of George III.

such pte-

elapsed, or 1 lie condemnation be affirmed before fentment shall be made.

Clll. And be it enacted, That the grand juries of the rc-

Grandju- fncflive counties of cities, counties of towiis, and counties

r «9to pre- 1

sent faijfums at ldrge, be and are hereby required 16 present t!ic said rc-fpcdiive sums Upon a certificate signed by the said cdmliiif-lr:,r- fioiters or fub-commissioners, as the case shall be. by whoiij futli still shall be condemned; of llie sighing of vrhiefi b\ proof of such the said cotiimiflicners or fub-cdiiimiifioners respectively, madem litre- proof shall be made by affidavit before otic of the judges of the court of king’s-bench, if such still shall have been seized in the countV of the city of Dublin, or county of Dublin, or before one of the judges of aflifC, if such still shall have been seized in any other part of this kingdom , imd ceitiS- and such certificate shall set forth the particular parish o; fortVas here- 'union, or part of a parish or union, extra-parochial place in ,n; fitch county of a city, or county of a town, or the parti-

cular town or town-land iii such county at large, where such still was seized, and the name of the person who seized the fame, and that such fliil hath been condemned by such commissioners or fub-coiiiinissioners, as the case may be, plir-suant to law, and at ivb.at tifce the fame had been condemn-

ed, and Whether such still had been claimed by any perfdii dr persons, and if so claimed, whether any appeal had been wheclmf'ir! ^rouS^lt against such condemnation, and if such appeal shall d by ting’s- have been brought, whether the fenfcncc of fcohdehinatidh judges of hath beferi affirmed, which presentmfcilts shall be Confirm-

ill'ze, eel by the court of king’s-bench, ah'd judges of assize re-

IpedliVfely.

No com- CIV. Provided always, That ho Chief c'o'mmiflidfief, dr iTgiicertificate fub-commifli'onfcr, mail sigh any such certificate fob the pur-unfc^'f'tai! Aftohtsaid, unless it shall have been proved bit the btat-fce pimeii ing or trial of the information, on which such condemnation

that initio; ° ._.

ua.polltdi»r was hath, that eight days previous td such heating dt trial,

niitich of the time and place of such hearing of trial Was pofl-

VdUp on the church of the parish or union lit which such still

shall be feizfe'd, of if seized in any place not within 'a pa-

rifli or utiidn, or in any place Where these shall ndt be a

pafith church, that such notice Was left at th'C dwellitig-

honfes of two inhabitants of uich place, not being 'revenue.

notice io fpc- officers; Which notice shall also fpfccify 'the time and place

olacc'of " of seizure of the still therein mentioned, and the chief com-

k"1"’ ’ mfflionrrs.

The thirU-jirfl Year of George III. 609

missioners, and fub-commissioners respectively, who shall hear A.D. or try such information, shall cause any person or persons who shall desire the fame, to be sworn, to give true evidence —^-^7 on such hearing or trial; and if it shall appear to such com- JJj,0,'" missioners, or fub-commissioncn respectively, that any fraud l,a>' or collusion was practised for the purpose of unfairly sub- If =>"> t'ae.l

pr3Cl:f;tI »o

jeding any parish or union, or part of a panfli or union, fui,|or. -> extra-parochial, or other place, or any town, or (ov.n-Iand, to a presentment for the sums respectively by this act required to be presented, then and in such case, the said com- " missioners or fub-commissioners shall not sign any such certificate.

CV. And be it enacted, That no such presentment

No furli l!i pu-lVmnn’tt

aforesaid, shall be granted, unless notice in writing shall luj,ij.st,1"u'1’ have been left at the dtvelling-house of the incumbent, cu- in wii:i»s_ rate, or one of the church-wardens of the parish or union, «b herein,

' if the money to be presented be chargeable on such parish or union, or part of such parish or union, or if chargeable on an extra-parochial place, town, or town-land, then at the dwelling-house of some inhabitant of such extra-parochial place, town, or town-land, which notice shall signify that application will be made to the court of king’s-bench, and grand jury of the county of the city of Dublin, or county of Dublin, as the case shall be, at the next Easter or Michaelmas term, or if in any other part of this kingdom, to the then next going judge of assize, and general gaol delivery, and grand jury for the county of the city, or county of the town, or county at large, as the case may be, in which such application shall be made for a presentment, to levy off the said parish or union, or part of the parish or union, extra-parochial place, town, or town-land, the sum of twenty pounds, or ten pounds, as the case may be, for an unlicensed Hill seized therein on such a day; which notice shall " -be given in manner aforesaid, at least seven days before the s:»m 7 days fitting of such term or assizes as aforesaid. Seine of'

CVI. And be it enacted, That such certificate of the ur af‘

7 HZC3.

condemnation of any still, on account of which such pre- C<,llfci.c fentment shall be required, and also such affidavit of the "/ "£"*

1 tion, afii-J.jvt

perfection thereof as aforesaid, together with an affidavit of »fpofcuon the delivery of the said notice, shall be delivered to one of Dfd.iiv’c, ,r the justices of the court of king’s-bench, if such presentment shall be applied for in the said court; or to one efi the judges (

VOL. XV. 7 p ofkiry's knit,

6

io

The til,

irtx-pr

Year of George III.

A.D.

of assize where such presentment shall be fuecl for; and one

’79^ of the justices of the said court of king’s-fceneb or judge of

____J-—assize respectively, shall direct the grand jury to be called

into open court, and cause proclamation to be made three

alliM whvrc times in their pre fence, for all persons who may be affected on-fcmment , r.

shalt be sued by the said prclenlment, or who may be able to give any

fund jury to tcPdmony concerning the Hill mentioned in such notice, to comf'anti'*0 come and appear, and shew, if they can, why the sum of proclamation twenty pounds, or ten pounds respectively, as the case may pc. ruin wi, be, should not be presented, and the court shall thereupon KmytVap. cause every person who shall appear for that purpose to be as bcrehl,l':W ^worn to S've truc evidence before the court and grand jury, touching the said seizure, and every such person may be examined by the judges of the said courts respectively, and by any of the grand jurors in open court, and by any one inhabitant of the parish or union, or part of the parish or union, extra-parochial place, or town, or town-land, and by the person suing for such presentment, concerning any matter which may tend to shew whether or not any fraud or collusion was practised between the person who seized such (till, and any other person or persons for the purpose merely of subjecting the inhabitants to such presentment, or whether the parish or union, or part of the parish or union, extra-parochial place, or town, or town-land mentioned in such notice as aforesaid, be the parish or union, or part of the parish or union, or cxlra-parochial place, or town, or town-land where such still was really seized, and as to no pran.ijury t other matter or thing whatsoever: and after such examinati-

fiml or reject r

according to on as aforesaid, the grand jury shall according to the evi-mr ujvcr'fc dence given before them, find or reject such presentment, allowed. anc[ no traverse shall be received or allowed by any court or judge, of any presentment so made.

CVII. Provided always, That where any grand jury shall reject any such presentment, it shall be lawful for the person applying for such presentment so rejected, to apply again, for the fame, at any subsequent term or assizes, as the case shall be, if the court or judge who shall have charged the grand jury upon such rejected presentment, shall certify that there appeared to him to be good ground for making the application for the same.

CVIII. And in order to reimburse the persons oil whom any presentment made in pursuance hereof shall be respectively,

Where a

grand jmy shall n jtcl a prclci.t'.mnt, th<*1 ci ion may apply again if she judge shall

certify as iit’itiu.

2 he thirty-first Year of George III.

6it

lively applotted and raised, such money as shall have been. A D. levied from them respectively by virtue of such presentment; be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any hoofc-holder or landholder in the district or town-land out of which any such |10fj"y l"’"u money shall have been prefenled at any time wit’nin three "line

r . , r r i r '_, lUOtlcv flull

years from the time of such presentment, to luc by action i»ep:cfe»uti, in the nature of an action of debt, or by civil bill, the person "l.V'fi!"n3 or persons who was or were the actual owner or owners of the Hill on account of which such presentment was, orau<1 IKrir

US il-JUTD,

in whose house or out-house. such still was found for the money presented on account thereof, and every such house-holder or landholder shall recover the money so presented, together with such costs of suit against fncli person as aforesaid, which money when levied and paid to tile plaintiff in l-.l-.i, such action or civil bill, shall after deducing such needTary jVnaV'i'iiif expence as he may be at in prosecuting such suit, be by him i, Lj‘l,llK paid over to the several persons from whom the fame »iiom K-vi. i was levied by presentment, in the fame proportion as nVut?^" they respectively contributed to the sum raised by such presentment.

CIX. And be it enacted, That where any judgment or decree shall be obtained on any such action or civil bill as

# (nted ayasnit

aforesaid, the defendant or defendants therein shall on the ilic defendant trial of any information for any forfeiture hereby inflicted on IVI- Ln the person in whose possession such still was found, be deemed and taken to be the person in whose possession such still months aft.r

> judgment \

was found, and such information may be exhibited against such person at any time within six months from the time of obtaining judgment on any such action, or a decree on any such civil bill; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and on the trial of such information, an attested on trial an copy of the judgment in such action, or the decree on any ofjodgmwn such civil bill, or an attested copy of the entry of such de- 3d",mu,<1 "

r J J evidence.

cree, shall be admitted as sufficient evidence of the defendant therein named being the person in whose possession such still was found.

CX. And for the better securing and collecting of the duties ah ,/nc-r. granted, or to be granted upon malt, be it enacted, Thatmiutd all and every the surveyors, searchers, gaugers and waiters of his Majesty's revenue, and all other officers of excise, cuter all shall at all times in the day time be permitted upon their by pV.fi,nf request to enter the house, mall-house, kiln, or other places 7 P 2 whatsoever.

6'12

A.D. 1791. Chan. 16.

either for sale or not for laic,

or who fltal! keep a jjiil for {finding malt;

tr» enter liy ni^lit am] l>y «Jay7 by night in tlu* prt fence of a confla-! all places kept by per-foos herein

Ocfcribci], '

and to gaui'C as lieicin.

2nd to gaucc, nuaftire anti take an account.is litre-

r.nd make a

report thereof

a copy nr such report to be left with every ptrfou

making or having malt; penalty on officer for tic-gleftnig to leave such copy, 4 os.

report of of Tt-rerj to he a

charge upon very person respectiveh

penalty for obi! fueling

olEccr, jcl.

The shirty-fnfc Year of George III.

whatsoever, belonging to, or used by any person or persons who shall have in his or their possession any malt made of barley, or other corn or grain made in, or imported into this kingdom, or whose malt-house or mall-houses shall have been registered as herein directed; or shall make any malt either for sale or not for falc; or who shall keep a mill where malt shall be ground; and that all or any such officer or officers shall upon his or their requcfl be permitted as well by night as by day, but if in the night time, in the presence of a constable, sub-constable, or other peace officer to enter; and shall and may enter the house, malting-house, kiln, mill, or other places belonging to or made tife of by any public maltster or maker of malt for falc, dealer in malt, common brewer, inn-keeper, viflualler, distiller, or vinegar-maker making malt, or by any other person making malt, whose malt-house shall have been registered as aforesaid, or by any public miller; and to gauge all citterns, uting tats, utensils or other vessels used by any such maltster or maker of malt, or by any other person for the wetting or steeping of any barley or other corn or grain for the making of malt; and to gauge, measure or weigh, and take an account of the just quantity of all malt which shall be in the possession of any person within this kingdom; as also of the barley or other corn or grain which shall be found wetting or ftcep-ing in any such uting vat, utensil or cittern; or shall have been wetted or steeped in them or any of them for making of malt; and shall thereof make a return or report in writing to the collector of the district, or to such other person or persons as the commissioners of the revenue shall appoint to receive the same; leaving a true copy of such report in writing under his hand with every such person making malt, or having malt in his possession as aforesaid, or at such house or malt-house; which copy of such report every such officer is hereby required to leave with every such person, respectively, or at such house or malt-house, on pain of forfeiting the sum of forty shillings for every neglect or omission in this behalf; and such report or return of the said officers shall be a charge upon every such person respectively; and if such person making or having malt in his or her possession as aforesaid, whether for sale or for private life, or the wife of such person, or the son or daughter of such person, or any person employed as clerk, maltster, or servant at any malt-house or other place,

shall

Cl5

The ;hirt\~fuf Year of George III.

shall nbftruft, or not permit any officer to enter his or her house or other place in manner herein mentioned, or shall nburuft or not permit him to measure, compute, or take an account of such malt, or to gauge all and every such tiling vals, utensils, ciItems, and other veil'; Is, or lo gauge and take an account of all bariev or oilier corn or grain in any such eiflern, uting val, utensil or oilier vessel, or which shall have been steeped, or wetted, and shall be on ar.v door or other place, every such person who, or whose wife, foil, (laughter, clerk, maltster, or servant as aforesaid, shall so obstrr.fl or not permit such officer or officers as aforesaid,

shall forfeit for every such offence the film of fifty pounds; and that every maltster making malt for falc, or not for dale, i., shall monthly and every month, or within ten days after the "'a

expiration of such month, make a true return to the eol-leflor of the distrifl in which such person shall relide, <'fuv,v

so made by him or her respectively in

moi.th.

of all the malt such month.

CXI. And be it enacted, That every maltster or maker p.uics in

of malt, shall within one month after he or flic shall make, -

or ought to have made such monthly return as aforesaid, pay and clear off all such duties as shall be due from him, her or them respectively, for and on account of all such malt as aforesaid by him, her or them made, imless such malt shall be sooner removed from the malt-house or place where the same shall have been made: in which case the said *utvt l<e

P’li.l k-fiin1 n

duties shall be paid for all such malt as shall be intended lo permit fur ie-bc removed, before any permit for lcmoving, carrying, or ihUi'wjrjVt-conveying the same shall be granted. cJ'

CXII. And be it enacted, That every maltster or other Pauliy m person chargeable with the duty on malt, who shall neglect "nt^rru.i'n or refuic to make such return and payment respectively as '^j1 i,air-'-"!> aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such offence respectively, the sum of fifty pounds; and that no maltster or other per- mVt.l-X.er-

t:<l bff'i-r ibi.

son shall deliver or carry out any malt uniil he or (lie shall

tv p.i'i.

have paid and cleared off the duty as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting double the value of such malt so deliver:! and carried out, any thing herein contained to the contrary riot-withstanding.

CXIS1. And be it enacted, That as often as any difference wi,..r..ur. or dispute shall arise between the person or persons making mall, or having malt in his, her or their prff.fiion as sfjro i> e (w-g

Yol. xv. " - <2 (hid, "L7Z?

614

A.D.

179 ’ Chap. 16.

officiiy r.-

Ipijil.ijj the charge, of Hcir’s re-pnn i.» bc vc-

riiioi by his <*aihf thin V:

be a thaige such ' pet fun.

Objection

to officei’s charge to be made as herein, within t month;

otherwise not neciflary for oiiiar to ii'k.ikc ailkla-vit.

AH ma’t or prnin found is herein, fith'ed lo nil duties iti ar-t r;ir for m.dt made by inch maker,

ami of all mail made in fuel) malt1 house before it come into hit- oi her poMm.,

and to all penalties, -&c.

The thirty-first Year of George III.

fat'd, and the ganger or other officer of the revenue respect ing the amount of the charge made as aforesaid, the return or report so made ffiallbe verified by the oath of such gauger or other officer, to be made before one of the chief commissioners or fub-commissioners of excise of the proper dif-trid, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, that the return or report so by him made, was truly and fairly made to the heft of his flcill and knowledge; and such return and report shall then be a charge upon the person or persons making malt, or having malt in his, her or their possession so disputing the fame, and not otherwise.

CXIV. Provided always, That no person shall be at liberty to controvert any charge made by such gauger or other officer, unless he shall object to the fame within one month after such charge shall have been made as aforesaid, such objection to be made in writing, and ligned by the person so making the same, and to be delivered to the collector of the district in which such charge shall have been made as aforesaid; nor shall it be necessary for such gauger or other officer to verify such charge by affidavit, unless such person shall have made such return as aforesaid of the malt made by him or her, or in his or her possession within the time herein before for that purpose mentioned.

CXV. And be it ennded. That all malt or grain, or corn whatsoever making or to be made, into malt, which shall be found in the malt-house, store-house, or other tenement of any maker of malt, or of any person in possession of any such malt-hcufc, store-house or other tenement, ffir.ll be subject to, and chargeable with all and singular the duties_upon malt which may be in arrear and owing, as well for any malt which hath or shall have been, made by any such maker of malt, as of any malt which hath been made or shall have been made within fitch malt-house at any time before such malt-house hath come or shall have come to his or her possession; and shall also be subject to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by the person or persons who used such malt-house, for any offence against this or any former act, by not making such returns or paying such duties as aforesaid; and that it shall be lawful in all cases to levy all such debts and penalties as aforesaid incurred under and by virtue of this or any former act; and to carry on such proceedings

T’/je d'irtj-jlrjl Year of George III.

ings against frxh malt as it may be lawful to do in case the debtor or offender was the true and real owner of the -, '9

6«5

A.D.

!-Q<.

Chap. ;6.

fame malt.

CXVI. And be it enacted, That no maltster or maker of

1 *1 U1 i4*, UkW no: to mi<

mr.lt, shall mix or cause to be mixed, his or her corn or cram S!']:1 "1,i

’ 0 lUea nu,

of one wetting or Keeping, or any pari thereof, with his or a»yi.i.a her corn or grain making into malt of a former wetting or r.mi?iur’," ' Keeping, or any part thereof, or shall mix or cause to be cra, mixed any of his or her couches er doors, or any part there- I'fiZ’t' of, with any corn or grain of a former wetting or iteeoina,:K'-01."1'11

r D r c'’ c.hii a

or any part thereoi, before the same shall be put on the kiln iWim-rw.-i. for drying; and that no maltster or maker of malt, or other t"« f,’iti"i!i.,;i person whatsoever, shall mix or cause to be mixed, any tin- lr malted corn or grain, with malt made of any corn or

J wall null, or

grain whatsoever, or shall sell or expose to sale any such 1:l?>or mixtures respectively as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting in felt, pcuLiiV, every such case, the sum of ten pounds for every such offence ,o1' respectively.

CXVII. And be it enacted, That if any maltster or maker

J mall frum

of malt, or other person, shall fraudulently hide, conceal, or convey away, or cause or permit, or suffer to be hidden ,.c,(,.;.s or concealed, or conveyed away, any malt out of his malt-house, from the view of any gauger or other officer, or cause or procure, or permit or suffer to be conveyed away from the cistern or uting-vat, or other wetting-place or utensil, any steeping, or part of any llecping of corn, or grain making into malt, or shall mix such corn or grain making into or mixing u malt, or such corn or grain so conveyed away, with or Kr<'1"' amongst any couch or couches, floor or floors of other corn or grain making into malt, which are then depending and in operation, and which shall have been gauged or charged with duty; or if any maltster or maker of malt, shall fraudulently convey away, or cause or procure, or permit or suffer to be conveyed away from the eiftern, uling-vat, or other welling-place or utensil, any steeping, or part of any steeping of corn, or grain making into malt, so that no gauge of such corn or grain so conveyed away, can be taken by the officer; and if any person shall'harbour, hide, or conceal any malt or corn, or grain making into malt, then and in fwo-iitv goi.

} c ° , and all ni <!,

each of the said cases, every such maltster or maker or mait, or other person so offending, ftiali for every such offence rc-spectively forfeit the sum of forty pounds, and all such malt e O 2 or

6 j 6

period refus-nip to {fn-w malt to oft. cci, fuliji'Ct to said for* Iciturc, ic.

Penalty for treading corn tn the eiftern, 4c. to!.

' Duty to be charged by the gauge only.

Penalty for

nfing any mean-, to p»e-vriit

tvive the officer in mea-fjiriiip t lie <kpthof corn, 30l.

-tWincluf-Mi’rlnilhcH »f com deemed coital ton liar-ul ol m ilt.

4 IntilitU out of every 2 to he allowed to the maker, and lb iti piopottiou, a> iieteiu.

The thirty-firs; Year of George III.

or corn, or grain making; into malt, with all bagr and (ticks containing the fame, (I'.all be forfeited, and may be fuzed, and if any person having malt in his possession shall not on demand of any such officer as aforesaid, shew all the malt or corn, or grain making into malt, in his or her possession, every such person shall be deemed a person concealing malt or corn, or grain making into inalt, and shall be subject to the said forfeiture of forty pounds, for every time he shall so conceal any malt or corn, or grain making into malt, and all malt or corn, or grain making into malt, which shall not be so shewn, or shall be so concealed, shall be forfeited, and maybe seized.

CXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any maltller or maker of malt, shall tread, press, or otherwise force together in the ciftem, uting-vat, or couch-frame, any corn (leeping or steeped, in order to be made into malt, every such malt-fter or maker of malt, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

CXIX. And be it enacted, That the officers of excise for the time being, shall measure all corn or grain making into malt, and charge the duty thereon by the gauge only.

CXX. And be it enacted, That if any device or means '(hall he used, by which any such officer shall or may be prevented from measuring the true depth of corn in any deep, eiftern, or other utensil belonging to any malt-house, or in any part of such deep, ciftem, or utensil, or may be deceived in gauging of such corn, the maltster or maker of malt, in whose malt-house such device or means shall have been used, shall for every time the same shall have been practised, forfeit the sum of thirty pounds.

CXXI. And be it enacted, That every four busheis of corn, or grain making into malt, taken by the gauge, shall be deemed to lie equal to a barrel of malt, for the purpose of charging the duty thereon, such bushel to be computed according to the bushel known by the name of the Winchester bushel, containing eight gallons, of two hundred and seventy-two cubical inches and a quarter each.

CXXII. And be it enacted, That out of every twenty busheis To charged by any officer upon his gauge, an allowance of four busheis shall be made to the maker of such malt so charged in the uting-vat, eiftern, or other vessel wherein the same shall be found welling or deeping as

aforesaid,

The thirty-first Year of George III. &l7J

aforesaid, or upon the floor, within thirty hours after the fame shall be thrown out of the uling-vat, cittern, or other j-

vessel, and out of every greater or less quantity, a pro- b~—-

portionable allowance shall be made, in consideration of the difference between the quantity of such corn when it is wet, and the quantity thereof when it is converted into dry malt, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXIII. Provided always, That if any maltster or maker a-, of malt, shall not wet or deep his or her barley, or other corn, in the eiftern, uting-vat, or other vessel, so as the fame |,e

shall be covered with water, and continue so covered in such <i«rui >viiii

wa’cr.jO

eiftern, uting-vat, or other vessel, for the full space ot forty h..in> in ii>c hours, before he shall draw the water from the same, such &l’ maltster or maker of malt shall not be entitled to the allowance aforesaid.

CXXIV. And be it enacted, That no maltster, or other N.>ciUem person making malt for sale, or not for sale, shall crcdl or y jr,r',nji.;,s set up, alter or enlarge, or make use of any eiftern, uting-vat, utensil, or other vessel for the wetting or sleeping of ainr>d,'viili'

pro mK unUcx tu

barley or other corn, or grain to be made into malt, or any coii,-{i.«, kiln, floor, room or other place, for the making or keeping of malt, or keeping of corn or grain making into malt, without first giving notice in writing to the coile&or of the district, of his or her intention to erect or set up, alter or enlarge, or make use of such eiftern, uting-vat, ulenfil, or other vessel, or such kiln floor, room, or other place, or shall keep or make use of any eiftern, uting-vat, uten- n;-anvvCflu

r ' *- uie<l whtrh

fil, or other vessel for the wetting of his or their barley, (foil not he or other corn or grain making into malt, other than those wafer which shall have been registered as herein after mentioned; ,n'"lK>"cJ> and which shall be openly known, and made use of in his or her common malting-house, on pain of forfeiting the sum penalty ,ol.

° . for every cif*

of twenty pounds for every such emern, uling-vat, utenuJ, tent, or other vessel, kiln floor, room, or other place so eroded or set up, altered or enlarged, without such notice as aforesaid, or kept private or concealed, or made use of without such registry as aforesaid.

CXXV. And be it enacted, That every maltster or maker . MaMm w

CitteHnrui'

of malt, whose malt-house or malt-houses shall be situated i>»rbs m in

maikct towns,

in a city, or the suburbs of a city, or in any market-town, to give notice shall at least twenty-four hours before he or she shall begin j,on*bTf.nc VOU. XV. PR to<hevl,c, in,.

wet com,

618

The thirty first Year of George III.

if majtfter dotes tun begin to wet within a hours after

void;

fresh notice

corn to be wet between 41’n the morn' ing and <j in the evening

A.D.

to wet any corn or grain to be made into malt, give or

Cha^'iC. Cau^e t<5 k® 6'ven l^e gauger of the walk in which such malt-house shall be situated, a notice in writing of the particular hour or time of the day when he or flic intends to in any otter wet corn or grain to be made into malt; and every maltster Hours hoi ice or tusker of malt, whose malt-house or malt-houses shall hr^n'tlR,r not k® fil'iated in any city, or the suburbs of a city, or in any market-town, shall at leaf! forty-eight hours before he or file shall begin to wet any corn or grain to be made into malt, give, or cause to be given, like notice in writing; and in case any such maltster or maker of malt, shall not begin to wet his or her corn or grain, and immediately proceed to cover the whole thereof with water, time appoint' at the hour or time mentioned in such notice, or within

ed, notice

three hours after the expiration of such hour and time, then every such notice ilia 11 be, and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void; and every such maltster or maker of to be given; majt |,c obliged to give a fresh and like notice before he or file flmli liegin to wet any corn or grain; and that no maltster or maker of malt shall begin to wet any corn or grain making into malt, except betsveen the hours of four in the morning and nine in the evening; and in case any maltster or maker of malt shall neglect or refuse to give such notice, or having given a notice which shall so become void, shall negleift or refuse to give a like notice, or having given such notice or notices, and begun to wet any corn or grain in pursuance thereof, shall neglect or refuse immediately to cover the whole thereof with water, and to continue the fame so covered for the full spaee of forty hours from the time of its being first wet and covered, or shall begin to wet any corn or grain at any other time than between the hours of four in the morning and nine in ;ranpcombs (be evening; or if any maltster or maker of malt after the

added after 0

theofficci has officer shall have taken an account of the corn or grain count,a" °C steeping in the ciflern or using vat, or other wetting place, or utensil, shall add fresh corn or grain to the corn or grain vtrmiyf0 steeping, every such maltster or maker of malt offending cases 201. in any of the said cases, shall for every such offence re-

if any com speflively forfeit '{lie sum of twenty pounds; and if any corn or grain making into malt, of the wetting of which d«Cgi"«.fT notice as aforesaid shall not have been given, shall be penalty zol. found in any malt-house, or on any floor, kiln or other place

The shirty-jirft Year of George III. 619

place belonging to any maltster or maker of malt, every' A.D. f-uch maltster or maker of malt for every time such torn l79t> or grain ./hall be found, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

CXXVI. And whereas persons making malt, have frequently removed out of their ftccps, ciflems, or uting-vats. corn and grain making into malt, of the wetting of which due notice hath been given, and replaced the fame with other corn and grain to be made into malt, without having given notice of the wetting thereof, and have pretended that such corn hath been corn or grain of the welting of which they gave notice, and that it required a length of time to steep the fame sufficicnlly, for the prevention whereof, be it enacted, That all corn -or grain which shall be found in any c(un found

deep, eillern, or uting-vat, after seventy-two hours, from 72

1 t ' f hours aftfr

the hour mentioned in the notice herein before directed to i\m- nun-be given, of the wetting of corn or grain to be made into -

malt, shall be considered as new corn or grain to be made ncK into malt, and be charged with duty accordingly; and the mid penalty person making the same into malt, shall be subject to the penalty by this act inflicted on persons wetting corn or grain

notire of wetimy.

to be made into malt, without having given such notice thereof, as is hereby required.

CXXVII. And be it enacted, That after the duty on any AftcrlUe malt shall have been paid by, or charged on any maltster ot "

maker of malt, or other person having malt in his or her or cfca^cd, if possession, any quantity of ifhch malt shall, by inevitable accident, happen to be damaged or destroyed, it shall and may be lawful for the respective proprietors of such malt, to make proof thereof, on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses before the principal officer of excise, in the respective districts where such malt was damaged or destroyed, which oath every such officer is hereby authorised and required to administer, and upon such proof, or other proof being made to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the revenue, or any three of them, and like proof that the malt was entirely lost or destroyed, or so damaged as to be totally unfit for use, and that the duty thereof was charged or paid, as the case shall be, it shall and may be lawful j, ,y for them to pay, or allow, to the proprietor or proprie- " -i’

tors of such malt, out of any money in the hands of any collector not appropriated to any particular parpose, so 7 R 2 much

A.D.

79*-Chap. if).

Damaged mult to be

620 Yhe thiriy-fijl Year of George III.

much money as- shall have been charged or paid for the duly of the malt so loll or destroyed, or damaged, or to vacate the charge, as to so much of the duties as shall have been charged only, and not paid.

CXXVIII. Provided always, That all such mall not en-<i!f|iufwi <,1 i,s lirely lost or destroyed, but only damaged as aforesaid, shall, heam. |x fore such payment or allowance by the commissioners, be destroyed or otherwise disposed of by order of the said commifboners.

Malt carry- CXXIX. And be it enacted, That all malt whatsoever, jliacc wai’m. which shall be found conveying or carrying, or in a state Imu'i'i'fa'ks’ conveying or carrying by land or by water from any cart-s, iiuriw), One prr|- of kingdom to any other part thereof, and all Packs or bags containing the lame, together with the cart, car, or other carriage or draft, and all tackle thereunto belonging, and the horse or bead drawing the fame, or car-ifbywattr, rying such malt, shall be forfeited; and in case of convey-forfciu.’i. mi- ance by water, the ship, boat, or other vessel conveying or flian\n"o- containing the fame, with all her tackle, furniture and duccil, apparel, shall also be forfeited, unless a permit for the

conveyance of such malt shall be produced for the fame, under the hand of the proper officer; and that every porter or carman, or master or person having the charge of such cart, car, carriage, or beast, ship, boat, or other vessel carrying, conveying, or containing such malt, shall forfeit the furn of five pounds, and in default of payment thereof, shall fufler three months imprisonment.

CXXX. And be it enacted, That every permit for conveying of malt, shall contain the real name and surname, or names and surnames, and place of abode, of the person or persons fending such malt, and of the person or persons to whom the same shall be sent, and the true quantity thereof, and the real name and surname of the person who made Inch malt, and was charged with the duty thereof, and the time when the duty which had been charged thereon was paid, and shall specify the time it shall be in force, and also shall contain such other particulars as shall be directed from time to time by the commissioners of the revenue; and every permit in which there shall be any erasure or alteration, shall be null and void.

CXXXI. And be

am! every person having cliatgf thereof, shall forfeit 5l. or be iuipiifoned 5 months.

What ihe permit is to contain }

if anycraftue lie made, pcimit void.

Permit* to be lodged . with fmvtyor or oilier olfi-

it enacted, That in all cases where by a permit for carrying malt from one place to another is

required.

The thirty-first Year of George III. 621

required, and such permit shall be issued or tnk'cn out, 'the A.D. owner or other person or persons to whom such malt flial'1 be fold, consigned, or sent, shall either within twenty-four hours, or in case a Sunday, Christmas-dav, or Good-Fridav "r'

t ’ 111, who (hull

shall intervene, then in forty-eight hours after the arrival of s'»'« such malt, at the place to which it shall have been sent or SIf.iA-uTi"-directed, or within twenty-four hours, or forty-eight hours aJ respectively, as the case shall happen as aforesaid, after the expiration of the time limited in such permit, Tepavr to the surveyor or other officer of excise at such place, with such , permit, and lodge the fame with him, and such surveyor or other officer of excise, shall thereupon repair to the place where such malt shall then :be, and shall then and there compare the fame with the contents of such permit, and shall take such permit from the owner or other person having charge of the fame, and upon affidavit made by the person or persons to whom such malt shall have been so sent, which affidavit such surveyor, gauger or gaugers, are hereby respectively authorized to take, that the malt mentioned in such permit was really and truly brought from the place mentioned in such permit, by virtue and in pursuance thereof, such surveyor or gauger shall, without fee or reward, forthwith give to the person so bringing such permit, a certificate Cgned by such officer, that such permit was lodged with him, which certificate shall contain a copy of such permit, without erasure or interlineation, and the day of granting such certificate: which certificate shall be errttfente -r deemed, 'taken, and allowed to be of the fame effect, as XL

such permit for every purpose for which such permit might be used, had not the fame been lodged with such officer as aforesaid, in manner herein dircQed.

CXXXII. And be it enacted, That if any malt be found am, *c. in the pofiession of any person or persons, after the space -of twenty-four hours, or forty-eight hours Tcspectively, as aforesaid, from the arrival of such malt, and from the cx- "n of ti* piration of the time limited in the permit, by which such lificate be not malt was conveyed, the same shall be forfeited, unless such person shall have obtained and shall produce such certificate as is herein before dire<3ed, and that it shall and may be lawful for any officer of his Majesty's revenue, to seize such- malt, together with the faeks in -which the same shall be -contained. 4

Vol. XV. n S CXXXIII. And

&21

A.D 1791. Chap. 16.

V..-v—

Brewers and diiliUcts tu

'keep suit made by tiicmselves separate from rri ilt toade by oilier*,

penalty 20l.

officermay demand a permit for all malt, except what shall be made by the mahlter in whose pofilf-lion found,

jf no permit 01 certificate* produci'd, or mi.if made

pj herein,

&c.

iurtcilcJ,

and 20s. per barrel.

Ground malt wetted or mathed in aoy kteve,

See and no permit or certificate produced, or proof made as herein,

The thirly-frfi Year of George III.

CXXXIII. And be it enacted, That every brewer and distiller who shall make malt, shall keep in his or her stores, all malt made by him or her, separate and diflintl from malt made by any other person, to the end that officers of the revenue may be the better enabled to keep the accounts of each flock, and to grant permits for the fame and that every brewer or distiller, in whose fiores any malt made by him or her shall be found mixed with any malt made by any other person, or not kept separate and distinct shall for every time such malt shall be so found forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

CXXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any officer of the revenue, entering pursuant to the provisions herein contained in the houses, out-houses, mills, store-houses, or other places whatsoever herein mentioned, to demand a permit, signed by the proper officer, for all malt that shall be found therein, except such malt as shall have been made by the maltster or maker of malt in whose public or registered stores the same shall be found; and if on demand made by such officer as aforesaid, no permit for such malt signed as aforesaid, or such certificate thereof as aforesaid, nor copy thereof attested by the proper officer shall lie produced within a reasonable time after such demand, or proof made that a permit or certificate had been granted for the fame, and was afterwards lost or mislaid, then all such malt shall be deemed and taken to be unlawfully made, and shall be forfeited as such, together with the sacks in which the same shall be contained, and the fame may be seized, and every person in whose possession any malt shall be found without such permit or certificate as aforesaid, shall for every barrel of such malt so found iu his or her possession, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings.

CXXXV. And be it enacted, That if any ground malt shall be found in the possession of any brewer or difliller, wetted or mashed in any kieve, pan, boiler, back or other utenfii, in the possession of such brewer or distiller, and if on demand made by any such officer as aforesaid, a permit for such malt, signed as aforesaid, or a certificate, or a copy thereof attested as aforesaid, shall not be produced within a reasonable time after such demand, nor: proof made that i permit or certificate had been granted for the fame and

was

The thlrly-jirji Year of George III.

was afterwards lost or mislaid, then all such mall so found shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized, and the brewer or distiller in whose posselfion the same shall be found, shall forfeit the film of twenty pounds.

CXXXVI. And be it enacted, That if any malt exceeding in the whole the quantity of fix (lones, shall be conveyed by land or by water from place to place within this kingdom, and that there shall not be marked on the outside of every sack or other package containing such malt, on both fidcs thereof, and at or near the middle of such sacks or other packages the word MALT in plain black roman letters, not less than three inches in length, or if that part of every such sack or package on which the word MALT shall be so stamped or marked, or if the uppermost sack or package where there shall be more sacks or packages than one on the fame carriage, or in the fame boat or vessel, shall not be placed so as to appear to public view, without altering - the position of such sack or other package then and in every such case, all such malt, with the sacks or packages containing the fame, and also the bcaft and carriage, or boat or vessel carrying, bearing, or drawing the fame, with all tackle thereto respectively belonging, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

CXXXVII. And be it enacted, That every brewer or dil-tiller who shall remove any malt from any kiln-house, store-house, or other place belonging to him into his or her brewery or distillery, shall obtain a permit signed by the proper officer for the fame, whether such malt shall have been made by such brewer or distiller, or purchased from any other person, for every such permit the sum of one penny and no more shall be paid, and if malt shall be found in any brewery or distillery, whether such malt shall have been made by such brewer or distiller, or purchased from any other person, for which a permit signed by the proper officer, or a certificate shall not be produced on demand of any officer, or within a reasonable time after such demand, un-lcfs proof shall be made that such- permit or certificate had been granted, and that the fame was afterwards loft or mif-hid, then all such malt together with the sacks (if any) in which the same shall be contained, shall- be seized and forfeited, or the said malt if mannfaduring into beer, ale, or fbirits shall be conndered as malt which had not paid

7 S 2 duty,

otlicnvife fu.li malt 3*1*1 packagis, i:i 1 1'C.ill or v.;:!J

forfeited

Brewer or difltliir to take out a peimit for removing malt into brewtry or dillilicry,

if no peimit, cetrilic.vc or proof produced,

m3?! fori* (t*

A.D.

\W-Chap. ,i<5

or if.n<anu- fa&uring, liable Jo forfeiture, and the owner fujject. to fie-nuliitfs for concealing.

ids. per -barrel to be forfeited for so much as shall he deficient of the quantity of Uock entered in officer's ftoi»kbook.

'No bounty for malt brought to Dublin, un-. Itfe a ccrlilj-cate he delivered as herein.

Maltfiers to regiller their names, tralt-hmtfes.

#c. as htrein,

The thhlj-first Year of - George III.

duty, and shall ;be liable to forfeiture, and the -person in ivhofc possession it shall be found, -shall be subject and liable to such fines and penalties as persons in whose -pof-session concealed malt is found are liable to.

CXXXVIII. And whereas maltsters and others dealing in milt, have frequently after the officers of the revenue have taken an account of the stock of malt of such -persons, and entered the fame in their stock books, decreased their flock of malt, and have suffered malt -to be removed from their stores without a permit, whereby great frauds have been -committed; for prevention whereof, be it enacted, That in every case where the flock of malt in the stores of any imaltfler, or dealer in malt, brew-cr, or distiller, shall be iefs than the quantity of malt which by the flock account kept by such officer of the malt of such person or persons, he, flic, or they ought to have in his, her, or -their stores, every such person for every time such decrcafc shall appear, shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings for every barrel which shall be deficient of the -quantity which by the flock book, or account of flock kept by such officer, such maltster or dealer in malt, brewer or distiller, ought to have in his, her, or their possession.

CXXXIX. And be it enacted, That no inland or coasting bounty whatsoever, shall be paid or payable on any -malt brought to the city of Dublin, unless the person or persons who (halt claim such bounties respeaivcl-y, shall at the time of demanding the fame, deliver to the officer empowered to pay the same, such certificate as is herein before directed to be given, in lieu of such permit, a true copy whereof every such officer shall forthwith give to such person attested by himself, which copy shall be of equal authenticity with the original certificate -for the several purposes hereby cnafi-ed in respect of such certificate.

C-XL. And be it enacted, That no maltster, or person making malt, shall make, fell, or expose to sale, any malt without having first registered with the collector of the dif--trifl in which such person shall reside, his or her name and place of abode, and his or her several. malt-houses, steeps, oifterns, uting-vats, kilns, utensils, and other implements for making corn qr grain into malt, and the several rooms, -stores, and other places -for the keeping of malt, or of corn or grain making into malt, and also the several floors iq h]s

or

The thirty-fnjl Year of George III.

er her malt-house or malt-houses, and the dimensions thereof, specifying the number of square feet which they contain, and also the dimensions of the federal sleeps or ciilcrns therein, and also specifying the quantity of barley which each shall be capable of holding, or in default thereof shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and for every such registry t'nc sum of one shilling and no more shall be paid.

CXLI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall register his, her, or their malt-house or malt-houses, or carry on the trade of a maltster in any other name than his, her, or their own name or names, or in the name or names of any person or persons, except those who shall be really interested in such malt-house or malt-houses, and for whose benefit and advantage the same shall be carried on, then, and in every such case the person or persons so offending, shall respectively forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That no registry of any malt-house or other house, which after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, hath been, or which shall be created for, or converted to the purpose of making malt for sale, or shall be used by any

penalty lolls. for sc-Riltiy.

Penalty for regifleting or carrying on the tiaile of inalllt r in any fictitious naiiu, 50J.

No regtf-try of any malt house erected finec Zjtli Match,

17'$, to he

UClMVttJ. tlU-

kfs it HiaU

brewer or diffiHer, shall be received, unless the ftccp or 1,°".^ " ciftem therein shall be of dimensions sufficient to contain twenty-five barrels of barley at the least, nor unless such malt-house shall contain after the rate of two thousand six hundred square feet of growing and drying floors, and three hundred and twenty-four square feel of kiln floor for every twenty-five barrels of barley which the ftcep shall be capable of containing; nor shall any registry of any such malt-house and siam« be received, unless there shall be a square couch Frame for hm-in, every. ftcep or ciftem contained in every such malt-house, erected, fixed and secured in such manner, that the surveyor or other officer may take an area thereof, and which shall be of the depth of two feet at least, and not more than three feet, and capable of receiving the fame quantity of grain as the deep or ciftem; and if any registry of any malt- if any rn-if-house, the steep or ciftem in which shall not be of the "'.ia

dimensions aforesaid, or which shall not contain the respectlive numbers of square feet of growing and drying floors »>hIo '-dl.

1 3 ° . r- B'dry i!:all

and kiln floors, or in which there shall not be such square l>, voij, frame for every steep or eiftern therein as aforesaid shall be made, such registry is hereby declared to be null and void;

6.26 The thirl)-first Year of George III.

A.D.

1

Clnip. 16

;iiul tin’ pri"

foil

fill'll, IllIlKCt

to pinaUic'*.

Where the floor of the Kiln i>-covered with iron, fcch malt-house may he irgidrrcd although not of content afoirfnid.

I^ifnns nmlcr 21 \rars li.ihlc to ail dntice, penalties and forfeitures.

StHilS to

In: fcrpt to < vei y fluo:, &c.

mil otTf'T I'limtilftlwish hchtr. to f.ai’ge, &e.

unity 2c!.

otlt of tV«C 11 cep to he immediately

put into the couch statn: and rent »in

theie 50 hours, other-u :fc no al-loO'Jl'CC to nahiler.

A s!t. ice.

i>!.:ci*s not lc?i:Ur-J,

and the persons uling such malt-house fliull be fuhied to all fncli penalties and forfeitures as any person tiling a malt-house not registered is by this act subject to.

CXLIII. Provided always, That in all cases where the floor of the kiln of any malt-house so eroded or converted, shall be covered with iron wire or iron plates, fuel] malt-house may be registered, although it shall not contain a number of square feet of kiln floor after the rate aforesaid.

CXLIV. And be it enacted, That where any malt-house shall be registered in the name of any person or persons under the age of twenty-one years, every such person shall be liable to the payment of all duty or duties of excise, and of all penalties and forfeitures that may be incurred and become payable by this act, and be subject to such regulations and restrictions as fully to all intents and purposes as if fuel] perfer. or persons was or were of full age.

CXLV. And be it enacted, That every persons making malt, or making corn or grain into malt, shall keep confinntly fixed in his or her malt-house or malt-houses, flairs or steps belonging to every floor or other place belonging to every such malt-house which shall be used for keeping malt or corn, or grain making into malt, sufficient to enable the officers of excise who shall enter such malt-house at all times, to have eafv and convenient access to the several floors, fiorts and other places belonging to every such malt-house; and shall on demand of any such officer as aforesaid made to the owner of such malt-house, or to the person attending at fncli malt-house, furnish such officer with lights sufficient to enable him to view, gauge and take an account of malt and coin, or grain making into malt in such malt-honfe, and in every floor, /lore or other place therein; or shall for every neglect or default in either of the said cases, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

1 CXLVI. And be it enacted, That all corn or grain making into malt, shall immediately after the same shall be thrown out of any ftcep or cittern, be put into such couch frame as aforesaid, and shall there remain thirty hours at least, or such malt tier or maker of malt shall not be entitled to the allowance herein directed.

CXLVII. And be it enacted, That if any malt or corn, or grain making into malt shall be found in or upon any

kiln,

The ibiyU-f-rjl Year of George III.

kiln, floor, (tore or oilier place for live making or keeping of malt or of corn, or grain making into nnlt, not dull' entered and registered according to the -provisions of this atl, or if any corn whatsoever be found deeping or wetted in any place except in cisterns, tiling vats, or other wetting places, or utcnfds duly entered and registered as aforesaid, all such malt and corn, together with the sacks, bags or vessels containing the fame shall be forfeited, and the owner or owners thereof, or the person or persons in whose possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings for every barrel thereof.

CXLVIII. And be it enacted, That if any corn'(hall be found deeping or deeped in any field or other place except a cidern in a registered malt-house, proof whereof having been made to the satisfaction of any justice of the peace of said county where such offence shall be committed, all such corn and the bags containing the same shall be forfeited, and the occupier thereof, and of the place in which the same shall be found, shall forfeit for the fird offence five shillings, and for the second offence five pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the offender, by the warrant of dtid judice.

CXLIX. And whereas it is necessary for the coliedlion of the duties on malt, that papers called specimcn papers should he put up and preserved in every malt-house, in order that the officers of the revenue whose duty it is to vifil such malt-houses should enter on such paper their visits at such rnalt-houses 'respectively, and the gauges' depending oii such visits, be it enacted, That cvctv maltster or maker of malt for sale, who dial I be fimiished by any oliicer of the revenue with any such specimcn paper, shall pod or put the fame up in his malt-house, in the most public and conspicuous place, and preserve and keep the fame so polled, in such manner that any officer of the revenue vifiling such malt-house may view the fame, and make entries thereon; and if any such maltder or maker of malt, shall not pod or put up, or keep and preserve such specimcn paper, in manner herein directed, unavoidable accidents excepted, he c.r flu shall, for every such offence, forfeit the luni of ten pounds.

CL. And be it enacted, That if any ojitn vslar, spirits, or drong waters, shall be made or distiiicd within this kingdom, from any corn or grain ummalted, or which filial! not 7 T 2 hive

Jv’c fmfeiied,

r1

ban

Corn for.nJ ftcc;»injr in ji'mcc but a ciitcm in .» upstcicd r.'.ult-ii.jufi;, upon inuul'M

n-.-.ci, r.., -

(Viud, ini I j lor tin* li’ X ;ikJ jl l'.ir llic kClH.d.

Sp-mrn pi}.-*.* to.I*

t|S

i . I

v !'

:t ? S <?:". t’l*- >.

i

6*8

A.D.

17V ‘ 0’iap. 16.

The thirij-fn]ft Year of George III.

have paid the duty on malt, all such aqua vita, spirits, or strong waters, and the calks or other vessels containing the fame, found in the possession of any -dilUtlcr, shall be forfeited-and seized, and in every such case the proof shall lie the party claiming such spirits, and not on the officer

Conditions on which (he bounty.on the carriage of malt to Dublin is to Itcpaid.

on

seizing the same.

Monies atlfiR}: from Isle of malt, \'C. fei/cd, to go to the officers, tic* tlucting 2s.

6J. per barrel over the duty, &c.

No abate* ment to brewei or dilliller, save as in this act allowed.

CLI. And be it enacted, That no bounty whatsoever shall be paid on the carriage of any malt to Dublin, unless the same shall fell for twelve shillings at Jeaft per barrel, and that but one-half of such bounty shall be paid upon all malt which shall fell for more than twelve shillings, and not for more than fourteen shillings per barrel, and that no bounty whatsoever shall be paid in any case, on the carriage of malt to Dublin, unless there shall be added to the oath to be taken before the paymaster of corn premiums, or his deputy, by the corn factor, or person felling the fame, and claiming bounty for malt so brought, the words following, that is to say, " 'That every barrel of malt for which the said " bounty is claimed, was good, merchantable, properly manufactured, well trodden., Jcreened and cleaned from dirt, and other " impurities, and that every barrel of such malt, and not merely " the average thereof did actual/y fell without any praSice or " collitfion, for the full sum of twelve fillings, or fourteen Jhil.lings and upwards, by the barrel, as the case may be."

CLII. Provided always, That the monies arising by the sale of any malt, or of corn or grain making into malt, and of the sacks in which the same shall be contained, which according to any of the provisions of this act shall be forfeited, shall go to the officers respectively, who shall have seized the fame, deducing for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors thereout, two shillings and sixpence for every barrel so forfeited, over and above the duty chargeable thereon, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLIII. And be it enacted, That no abatement or allowance shall be made to any brewer or distiller, out of the duties on any llrong beer or spirits which shall have been brewed or distilled, or in the process of brewing or distilling, after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, as a compensation for the duty of the malt, of which such strong beer, ale, or spirits were respectively brewed or distilled, or on any other account, favc as in this act is allowed, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ike thirty-frf Year of George III.

CLIV. And whereas collectors of his Majesty's duty of hearth-money, often defraud his Majesty of the duties received by them, and sometimes have not returned the books of their respective collections, whereby the balances due by them cannot be sufficiently ascertained, and have in several instances wholly neglected to account, and as the law now Hands it is difficult to ascertain the sums received by such hearth-money collectors, in order to charge them and their sureties therewith; wherefore be it enacted, That in every case where any collector, or dismissed collcdor of hearth-money, shall not within thirty-one days after demand in writing, signed by three commissioners of the revenue, served on him, or at his usual place of abode, make a return, or furnish to the chief collector of the district, any account of the duties of hearth-money paid and payable in the walk of such collector, for the year ending the twenty-first day of January next preceding, or of such parishes in said walk as lie shall have been directed to collect; then and in that case the produce of such walk or parishes, as the case may be, shall for such year be deemed equal to the produce of such walk or parishes for the year next preceding, for which an account for such walk or parishes was settled by general abstracts; and such collector shall be charged with such sum, as by such settled account or abstract it shall appear such walk or parishes produced in such preceding year; and he and his sureties shall be liable to, and shall pay the same.

CLV. And be it enacted, That in every case where any collector, or dismissed collector of the said duty, shall not charge himself with the receipt of a turn in any year, as the produce of any one or more parish ot parishes within his col-ledion, equal to the sum which appeared to be the produce of such parish or parishes by the general abstract for the last preceding year, for which an account was settled; and that

6 ’9

A.D.

t79I-

Chap.

6.

Hearth-money collector not nuking a return as herein.

the produce of walk or parities deemed equal in tlx- preceding year,

and the col-Irdor chained therewith,

and lie and his sureties Hull pay titc fame.

Ci!lector not charging himself with a sum equal to the produce of preceding year,

and that three

three or more instances of fraud or suppression of duty recci- lUnccIVf' ved, shall appear in the account of any such collector, ordif-miffed collector of hearth-money, the produce of every such parish for such year as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be equal to the produce thereof, in the next preceding year, for which an account was settled by abstrad as aforesaid; and the col- coMor to lector or dismissed collcdor of hearth-money, in whose account such instances of fraud or suppression shall appear, shall be charged with such sum, as by such settled account or ab- account, V«?l. XV. 7 U strad

630 The thirty-frft Year of George III.

and he or \v~ furttics shall pay fame.

All foreign hops imported to he locked up as herein, and not taken out, except forex-.pnitation, unit fs tlicniid-dle price, of Britlfhrhops exceeded at the time of landing or delivering such hops,

<;!. per.c, \vt.

Commissi-

strafl it shall appear that every such parish or parishes produced in such preceding year, and he or his sureties shall be liable to, and shall pay the same.

CLVI. And whereas it may tend to the encouragement of - the growing of hops in this kingdom, if foreign hops imported into this kingdom should not be vended, except at such times as the middle price of British hops imported into this kingdom shall exceed the sum of nine pounds by the hundred weight, be it enacted, That all foreign hops imported into this kingdom, shall upon the landing thereof, be lodged in the presence of the officer of the revenue, and under the joint locks of his Majesty, and the importer or proprietor, in such -warehouse or warehouses, to be provided at the foie expence of such importer or proprietor, as shall be approved of by the commissioners of the revenue, or any three or more of them, or by the collector or other chief officer of the port, where the same shall be imported, and the same shall not be delivered out of such warehouse or warehouses, except for exportation, unless it shall appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the revenue, or any three or more of them, that the middle price of "British hops imported into this kingdom, shall have exceeded at the time of landing such hops, or the delivering out thereof, the said sum of nine pounds by the hundred weight.

CLVII. Provided always, That the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue shall, from time to time make enquiry, ilrreiHl when antl whenever it shall appear to them, or any three or more lie middle of them, that the middle price of hops exceeds the sum of

price of hops # r

exceeds 9). nine pounds the hundred weight, it shall and may be lawful

p.r c. wi. por tj,e paj(j commissioners, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby required to give notice in the Dublin Gazette, that the middle price of hops doth exceed the said foreignliops sum of nine -pounds the hundred weight; and it shall and

months may be lawful for three months after the date and publica-

witLuTiwing t‘on of such notice, to fell all foreign hops without their be-wardioL&d. j,g warehoused as aforesaid, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

-Tij ail fuiis, -CLVIII. Be it enacted, That in all suits, actions, indifl-

by uragauift -meats, or informations brought against any officer of his Majes-ccriiiicdcopy ty’s revenue, and in all fiiits, actions, indictments, or informa-of commit-' *'ons brought by any officer of his Majesty's revenue in his ovyn oners for ap. name, or in -his Majesty's name, or in the name efianv informer

peals may he ' ' J

lead in tvi* where

tjcncc.

The thirty-fnf Year of George III.

where it may be necessary to prove any proceeding, decree, or order of the commissioners for appeals, a true copy of any such proceeding, decree, or order of the said commissioners for appeals, attested by their secretary or register for the time being, shall be admitted, and allowed to be read in evidence, upon the trial of any such action, indictment, or information, as if the original decree or order of the said commissioners for appeals, were produced and proved on any such trial, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CL1X. And be it enacted, That the commissioners of the revenue, or any three or more of them, or such person as they or any three or more of them shall empower for that purpose, shall and may appoint such place as they or he shall think proper for evey ship or vessel arriving at the custom-house quay, in the port of Dublin, to discharge the cargo of such ship or vessel, and that it shall not be lawful for the mafier or other person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, to discharge the cargo of such ship or vessel, or any part thereof, at any other place than the place so to be appointed, and the mailer or other person having the charge of such ship or vessel offending herein, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds for every hundred weight thereof, above all other penalties inflicted by any law now of force.

CLX. And for the more easy recovering of surcharges, be it enacted, That where the entry of any goods shall be fur-charged by the examinator of customs, and that the person who made the said entry shall neglect or omit to pay the amount of such surcharge, it shall be lawful for the discharging officer of the port where the entry so surcharged has been made, to detain any goods entered, subsequent to such surcharge, by the person whose former entry has been surcharged, until the person against whom such surcharge has been made, shall pay the amount thereof.

CLXI... Whereas by an act passed in this session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting for one year, the several Julies therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties, payable upon the articles therein specifed, during the said term, and for continuing Ike effect of a treaty of commerce and navigation between his Majesty, and the mof Chrifian King, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom, and his Afajefy s colonies, and for other purposes therein mentioned, it is enacted, That the duty of nine shillings per barrel on all herrings imported, should 7 1J c be

Commifli-onrr$» *<c may 3ppoint a place fur all vefich to discharge their catgoci at herein;

penalty U.t difeharyiag caigo chc-wlure, 5]. per C. wt.

Good* entered fulil’e-qtictu to a furchaigc on a funner entry, may he detained until payment thucuf.

Recital 31 Geo 3.

by said act 9s. per bir.ei oil imported hcniiigi applied to Client! ay* merit oi Uhlvt «*.

632 The thirty-first Year of George III.

A.D.

be appliedto encourage the fisheries of this kingdom, in such 79^ manner as should be directed by parliament: and whereas it will contribute to the safety of the vessels employed in such fisheries, that light-houses shorild be erefled in different parts application of'of the channel, be it enacted, That the amount of said duties, fad duty. together with the balance of the duties on imported foreign herrings, by any former act of parliament, shall be paid to the epmmissioners of his Majesty's revenue, to be by them applied to replace any money Which may have been, or shall be repaid in every port for drawback of the duties paid on import.

Remainder 'CLXII. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners of said duties

furfupponing may apply such other sums remaining of the sums appropriated liglltToufa. for the-encouragement of the fisheries of this kingdom, which shall appear to be in the hands-of the vice-treasurers of this kingdom, as may be necessary for erefling, maintaining, and establishing of light-houses on the coasts of this kingdom, at such places, and in such manner as the said commissioners for the time being, or any three or more of them, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, thall think proper, regard being bad to the fisheries of this kingdom.

CLXIII. And whereas a duty of nine thillings per barrel, has by said receited act been imposed on all white, full, or thotten herrings, ‘be it enacted, That a duty of five pounds eight thillings the last, containing twelve barrels of such herrings, be paid from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two in-clulive, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, or by the several acts of parliament hereby continued, or by any of them, other than and except as by this act, or by any of ' ‘ the said acts of parliament so hereby continued are otherwise provided for, shall and may be sued for, recovered, and levied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities, as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled,. An act for settling the excise or new inipof

upon

Tram 25 th March 1791, to 2^ Match, 1792, a duty of $1. 8s per littl on betting?.

All fine?, fee. under this, and the acts hereby

conlinticd,

may he sued for, &c. as hv 14 5r 15 Char. 2.

The thirly-first Year of George III. .633

upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book A.D. of rates therein inserted, as fully and effectually to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted in this act, with like re- wiih like tc medy of appeal to and for the party or parties who shall think ofa|> him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act is provided.

CLXV. And be it enacted, That an act made in the thir- 5o Geo. 3. tieth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for continuing and amending several law relating to his Majestys revenue-, and for the more effectually preventing offrauds therein, and for other purposes therein mentioned, and all and Angular the and the act. acts thereby continued, and every clause in the said acts re- con spectively contained, except such parts thereof as are altered, " repealed, or amended by this act, or by any of the said acts so continued, or by any act passed this session of parliament, together with this act, shall continue to be in force until the ,nj twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and j1""'1,' ninety-two, and from thence to the end of the then next fef- 3,1"1 '"J of

' % the then next

fion of parliament, and no longer. tut.

CHAP. XVII.

An Act to prevent the horrid Crime of Murder, and to repeal an Act passed in the Tenth Year of King Henry the Seventh, Entitled, An Act to make Murder of Malice pre-penfed Treason, and for repealing an Act made in the Ninth Year of Queen Anne, Entitled, An Act for bringing an Appeal in Case of Murder, floiiuithstanding the Statute of King Henry the Seventh, whereby Murder is made High Treason.

WHEREAS an act passed in this kingdom, in the tenth Year of the reign of King Henry the seventh, Ht"' ‘‘ entitled, An act to make murder of malice prepenfed treason: and whereas an act passed in the ninth year of Qjieen Anne, rtc;tai gih entitled, An act for bringing an appeal in case of murder, not- A"c-withstanding the statute of King Henry the seventh, whereby murder is made high treason, and it is fit that the said acts should he repealed, and that persons guilty of murder should Vol. XV. 7 X be

Tlk.thirty-frjl Year of George III.

A.D.

be pimiflied as felons, and not as traitors, b.c it therefore 179l- enacted1 by the King’s most: excellent Majesty, by and with

firlvi'm* timl- <\( tlir- IatHs- fniritHfll' nnrl- frmnnriil

said ac\s repealed from

i ll day of

IVdller tom *79'.

persons \-lto shall cum mil

the-advice and: coil lent of the kmds spirituaf and temporal, and common's in this present parliament assembled', and by the authority of the same, That the said recited act's (fell be repealed' and of no eft’edt, from and after the first day of Easter term, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and that all' persons who' shall from and after and l>c found the said day, commit and be found guilty of . wilful murder der'd«TOdr" mal>ce prepenftd, or of any abetment, procurement,- help-fdons. ing, maintaining, or counlelting of, or to any such murder, shaft be adjudged-felons, and utterly excluded from the be-. fiefit of clergy,1 and (hall- suffer -death as felons-.

After said If. And be it further eti:f£led by' the authori ty aforesaid,

found guilt)- That1 from- and after the said first- da-V of Batter term) in

the year of our' lord, one thousand seven IfOndred-aitd-nteely-

dne,-1-stirperfohs- who-(hast be found; guilty of wilful murder,

M[ ttfn; ftia'll be executed according to law, on the day nest but one urtfxySuriilay - - y

ucepicd. after sentenec' paCed, unless the fame' shall. ha-ppento be Sunday, and in that case on the Monday following.-

Bodies of

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, imndeierb J

executed in That the body of such murderer so conviacd shall, if such glvLn'loti'i.-IL convitflion and execution'(hall be in the county of Dublin, or in the county of the city of Dublin, be immediately conveyed by the (beriff or sheriffs, his or their deputy or deputies, and liisr or their officers, to- the hall of the fur-gcoffs company1 in' the city of Dublin, or to-such other'place av the said cdmpSrtv ffiall1 appoint for this purpose; add be delivered so fu'ch perforr as- the said- company /half depute 0t appoint, who (hair give to - the (beriff or sheriffs, his or then* deputy or deputies' a receipt for the fame, ’and the body so delivered to the said'-comparry of surgeons-, shaft be diffccled and anatomized by the said surgeons, or-fitch-per-vlion extern- for, as they shall appoint for that purpose and in case such riLr>p’acc!>iu cdnvtiftion and execution'(hall happen-to be in any other li^'in 'ron or- °theii pkice iif Ireland, then the' judg&or jnftrce

of iiic county of affi-zc, or other propeF judge, shall award the fentpnes

itilitmaiy, v

to- be put-ih execution- the next: dpy but one after , such ' eonvifl-kaiy...(except as is before excepted-),; and the body of such murderer shall in like manner be delivered by the.sheriff oft his deputy, and his officers,- to the . futgeoh of the infir-'iriary of the county in which such trial shall be?-if thtfe be

' an

The- thirtjrfirst Year of George III. 63.5

an infirmary of such county, and if not, then to such fur- A.D. eeon as such jud->er or justice. shall direct for the uurpose aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, lf,:ollllii-

' J mary. to such

That fcnlence shall be pronounced in open court, immedi- furis-wiM ately after the conviction of such murderer, and before the ltaiouW. court shall proceed' to any other business, unless the court :ffInuilaTdv shall fee reasonable cause for postponing the fame; in which sentence shall be expressed, not only the usual judgment of

\ . ' r , 'tic fcr.-

death, but also the time appointed: hereby for the execution uardlull thereof, and the marks of infamy hereby directed for such offenders, in order to impress a just horror in the mind of the offender, and on- the minds of such as shall be present, of the heinous crime of murder.

V. Provided always, and lie it enabled,’ That after such Jmlpc mar sentence pronounced as aforesaid, in case there shall appear !,! c'.'tj'ssn-reasonabLe cause-, it shall and may be lawful to and for the aWc c*"1'-judge before whom such criminal, shall have been so tried, to

stay the execution of the sentence at his discretion, regard; being always had to the true intent and pptpose of this act.-

VI. Provided alfoi That it shall be in the power of any Bodiciof fuelif judge or justice, to appoint the body of any such.cri- mull hcM-minal to lie hung m- chains;, but that in no case whatsoever f^jj,111 the body of any murderer shall be suffered to be buried, cl'u"‘-unless after such body shall; have been diffeded and anatomized as aforesaid, and every- such judge or justice shall, and

is hereby required, to direct the fame cither to: be disposed of as aforesaid, ’ to be anatomized, or to be hung in chains in the same manner as is now practised'for the most atrocious offences.

VII. And be it further enacted by the a,uthori,ty aforesaid, H,v-. ,ll(. That from and after such conviction, and judgment given thereupon, the gaoler or keeper to whom such. criminal shall Prir°"'r aftct

° 1 ./» cenvicuo».

be delivered for safe cufiddy, feall confine such prisoner to feme cell, or other.’proper and.sese place within the prison, separate and apart from the other prisoners, and that no person or persons except the’ gaoler or keeper, or his servants, shall haveaccefs to any such prisoneT, without license being first obtained.for that purpose, under, the hand of such judge or justice,' before whom such offender - shall have, been tried, or under the hand of the sheriff, Jiis. deputy, or under sherifE

7X2 VIII. Pro-

Chap. 17.

If thete be cause to ie~ spitc execution, T«~

iliaints on the gaoler may be relaxed.

After sentence to be ftd with hiead and water only, except as herein,

physician, fee. may he admitted as

herein,

gaoler for offending herein to forfeit his office and 20l.

Persons rescuing, or attempting to refeue as herein,.deemed felons, wirbout benefit of elcr-Sf-

For re foiling, or attempting to refeue after execution, transpoiu* lion-

The thirty-first Year of George III.

VIII. Provided always, That in case any such judge or justice shall fee cause to respite the execution of such offender so condemned as aforesaid, such judge or justice may relax or release any, or all of the restraints or regulations herein before, or herein after directed to be observed by the gaoler or keeper of the prison where such prisoner shall be confined, by any license or writing signed by such judge or justice for that purpose, for and during the time of such flay of execution, any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further cnaCled by the authority aforesaid, That after sentence passed as aforesaid, and until the execution thereof, such offender shall be fed with bread and water only, and with no other food or liquor whatsoever, (except in case of receiving the sacrament of the lord’s supper, and except in case of any violent sickness or wound, in which case forac known physician, surgeon, or apothecary, may be admitted by the gaoler or keeper of the said prison, to administer necessaries, the christian and surname of such physician, surgeon or apothecary, and his place of abode, being first entered in the books of such prison or gaol there to remain ); and in case such gaoler or prison-keeper shall offend against, or neglect to put in execution any of the directions or regulations hereby enacted to be observed, such gaoler or prison-keeper shall, for such offence forfeit his office, and be fined in the sum of twenty pounds, and suffer imprisonment until the fame be paid.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall by force set at liberty, or refeue or attempt to refeue, or set at liberty any person out of prison, who shall be committed for, or found guilty of murder, or refeue, or attempt to refeue, any person convicted of murder going to execution, or during execution, every person so offending shall be deemed, taken and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall suffer death without benefit of clergy.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 'if any person or persons shall, after such execution had, by force refeue, or attempt to refeue, the body of such offender out of the custody of the sheriff or his officers, during the conveyance of such body to any of the places hereby directed, or shall by force refeup, or attempt to refeue such

body

The thii ty-fir/l Year of George III. 637

body from the company of surgeons, or their officers or A.D. servants, or from any county infirmary, or the house of any surgeon, or other place where the same shall have been dcpofiled, in pursuance of this act, every person so offending shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall be liable to be transported for the term of seven years, in like manner as is directed by the laws now in force relating to the transportation of felons, and shall be subject to the like punishment and methods of cor. vi "ion, in case of returning into, or being found at large within the kingdom of Ireland, within the said term of seven years, in all respects as by law other felons arc subject to,- in calc of unlawfully returning from transportation.

XII. Provided always, That any person charged with a t\.rf,n, murder, committed, or to by committed before the said first day of Easter term, shall be indicted,' tried,1 and 'in all re- mjtu-i'klWc

J .; . ,; . saul day, to

speds proceeded aeainst, and '(if convidedj, sentenced and be proceeded

r J r , 1 IT j againdasif

executed, as rt this act had. pot been passed. ' this a4i had

not passed.

CHAP. XVIII,

An-, Act to render Prof rent ions for Perjury? and Subornation of Perjury, more enf and effrBual, find for affirming the Jurisdiction of the Quarter Sessions in cases . of Perjury-

WHEREAS by reason of difficulties- attending pro-fccutions for perjury, and subornation of perjury, those heinous offences have frequently gone unpuniffied, to the rhanifeft let an’dhinderance of justice; for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty,-by. and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem-

Prcarr.b’c.

posal, and' commons in this' present parliament affefnbled, and’by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, in every information clr indictment far/orprrjnry» tviiful and corrupt perjury, it shall be fofficiem to Yet forth the substarce of the offence charged upon the defendant, and by what court, and before whom the oath was taken (averring such court, or person or persons to have a competent authority to administer the same,) together with the Voi. XV. 7 Y proper

The thirty-frfl Year of George III.

proper averment or averments to falsify the matter or matters wherein the perjury or perjuries is or are assigned; and that in every information or indictment for subornation of liryvWji-Kt" l>crjl,ryi or for c°rrupt bargaining or contrasting with others foul, in an to commit wilful and corrupt perjury, it shall be sufficien!

iiiuicimciit , J '

for fubonia- to set forth the substance of the offence charged upon the jtio.,of|.ir {£cfcnctailt. ancj that it shall not in either case be necessary «liat din" not to fct forth tile bill, answer, information, indictment, dc-

be ncctfliiry to fct forth ii cither case.

to £.1 furili in claralion, or any pari of any record or proceeding either in law, or in equity, or the commission or authority of the court cr person before whom the perjury was committed, or was agreed or promised to be committed.

II. And the better to prevent great offenders from efeap-ing punishment by. reason of the 'expence attending such prosecution, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, lawful to and for the court before which any person shall have been examined as a witness

Comt may jt and may be

older a |tmu:

cutioti to be carried on as

tiettin, iviiti- upon any trial in fuels court, and such court is hereby autho-to'ho'pJiion rized (fitting the court, or within twenty-four hours after) imkrtakiii- to c[jrciq a {jill of indifluioit to be preferred, and such person to be prosecuted for the said offence of perjury, in case there shall appear to the court a reasonable cause for such prosecution, and to assign the party injured, or other person undertaking such prosecution, connfel, who shall, and are hereby required to do their duty without fee or reward, and every such prosecution so directed, shall be carried on without payment of any tax or duty, and of any fee in court, or to any.officer of the court, and the proper officer of the court (who shall be attending when such prosecution is directed) shall and is hereby required without any fee or reward,- to give the person undertaking such prosecution, a certificate of the fame being directed, together with the name of the counsel assigned by the court, which certificate shall be deemed suffieient proof of such prosecution having been directed as aforesaid; provided that no such direction or certificate shall be given in evidence upon any trial to be had pursuant to

such. direction as aforesaid.

III. And whereas doubts have been entertained whether justices of the peace have jurisdiction in cases of perjury at common law, be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

justices

Just tecs of peace at I’tmtcr ftffiuns may tU-tyrtnitic iti cales of (Kijiny.

The thirty-Jhjl Year of George III. 639

justices of the peace at their quarter sessions to hear and A.D. determine in all cases of perjury committed within their jurisdiction.

CHAP. XIX.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for rendering more effectual the several Laws for the better enabling the Clergy having Cure of Souls to reside upon their Benefices, and to build on their respective, Glebe Lands, and to prevent Dilapidations, and for the Encouragement of Protestant Schools within this Kingdom of Ireland, and also to amend an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to amend an Act passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for creftittg new Chapels of F.afe in the Parish, of . Armagh," and making fitch Chapels, and those that are already crafted in.

fat'd Parish, perpetual Cures, and for making a proper Pro-.

vision for the Maintenance of perpetual Curates to officiate in the fame, and for other Purposes.

WHEREAS by certain chufcs contained in the afore- n said acts, passed in the eleventh and twelfth years, & 14 G. 3 3 and the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty, it may happen when an archbishop, 'bishop, or other ecclesiastical person, or mailer of a free school, having according to the said acts* begun to ered buildings^ or-make other improvements on a new site, within his'demesne, glebe, or mensal lands shall die, or be removed before he shall have finished and completed the fame, and made’them proper and' fit for the residence of himself and successors, that an unequal proportion of expence, the true intent of said acts being considered, may fall upon the successor of such arclibi-Ihop, bishop, or other ecclesiastical person, or mailer of a free school, who shall finish and complete the same, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent ’of the lords- spiriluat-and -temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That'in all cases where any arch-7 Y e bishop.

64®

A.D.

mu

Chap.- 1-9.

where any

ardj-l>ill»Dp, Etc shall cri£t anyiniiMii^s, or make im-jirovenunts. as l>y i!

12 6- 3. and shall l>c temovvd, &e. tafore fame limit be eom-fileted as herein,

ami when a commissioti shall iiUie, pnrftiam to

12 Geo. III.

the pci son auili«ii*/.ed to ifiiic such cnminifliou to infma« heu'iu.

Smlt flint 15 shall he ne-ctflary to omplete fuclt to

'c daltCUd from the him which fneh Mshop, &c. "otiM have in-i n entitled touvihc if

Tie thirty-fa rjl Teat of George III.

bishop, bishop, or oilier ccclcfia.ftic.il person, or master of a free school, shall from and after the passing of this act, ercdl any new buildings, or make other improvements on. a nciv fitc, within his demesne, glebe, or inenfal lands, in such manner as is by the said nil passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of his present Majesty’ directed, and shall be removed, or shall die before he shall have finished and completed the fame, agreeably to a memorial or memorials pre-ferited' to, and approved of liy the person authorized' and impowered to receive and approve of the fame, and' made them fit and proper for flic rcfidcncc. of himic'f arid fticccffors; and when any core.million shall issue or be granted1 for the ptir'pose of cftim:iting and valuing such new buildings or improvements, pursuanl id'an act pafit'd' in this kingdom, in the twelfth year of his late' Majesty King George the fff.fi, entitled, (in act to encourage building' cf heufes, and making, other improve mails on church lands, mid I o' prevent dilapidations, if shall and may be lawful to and' for the person who, lit or fl-iill. bc by the laws in being authorized and impowered to grant red issue fuclt commission, p.ird he is hereby required1 to" infi v> a cfaufc therein,' impowenng and authorizing the conuhissioners thcicin named and appointed, to return a true, just, and faithful account and cflimatc, of v/liat sum or sums it shall be requisite and necessary to lay out-, and expend in finithing,ppd completing such, buildings or improvements, pursuant: and agreeably to such meihprial or memorials, so’as to rendps-the fame fit, and convenient for the residente ;of such; archbishop,;bishop, or oilier ecclc-fialtkal person; or master of a-, free school, and his fucccffiirsj according, to the.|.bcfi of their , thill and knowledge, and (tlfo ini powering and authorizing, such. commissione.rs to examine Witrfeffes upon oath, for the purpose of, enabling them the :better to al'certain the former films it shall: be rcfjjiifite and/tiecessary to lay, out and expend, in so finishing and completing.such buildings,or Approvements.

il. And be it further.etia&ed- by the authority, aforesaid, That such ftmv,is shall-by; such return of, said commissioners appeal to.be requisite.and necessa.ryr to.be,laid out and, expended'in so finfthing and completing such buildings or improvements, shall bp dedufied out of the sum which, such archbishop, bishop, or other- ecclesfaftieal person, or master of 'a free schook bi's executors or administraton, who shall

The thirty-.hr ft Year of George III. 641

be removed or die before he shall have so finished and com- A.D. pleted such new buildings or improvements, would have been I79u entitled to receive, or be paid by his successors, his cxeco-tors or administrators, under and by virtue of the nforcii.id acts, of the eleventh and twelfth years, and of the thirteenth and foutlccnlh years of his present Majesty, in case he had finished and completed the same as aforesaid, before his death or Tcmovai; and every archbishop, bitliop, or other p.rUivim ecclesiastical person, or matter of a free school, his executors or administrators, who shall be removed or die before he shall 111 c.bl:u"a

ITItlJkv.U' Ui

have finished and completed such new buildings or improve- ments, shall obtain a certificate for such ftrni, as shall amount to the difference between the sum which he, his executors, or administrators would have been entitled to receive from, and be paid by his successor, his executors or administrators, in case he had so finished and completed such buildings or improvements, and such sum as shall be returned in the manner, aforesaid, to be requisite and necessary to be laid out and expended in finishing and completing such buildings or improvements in the manner aforesaid, and for no greater or other sum.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, r.«;rr?tc That where any certificate has been already granted, or shall i,',:r~,7a!fur be hereafter granted to any archbishop, bishop, or other ^,'1;,'^ ecclesiastical person, or master of a free school, or to his executors or administrators, ascertaining the sum to he received and recovered for buildings or improvemen's crctled and made by any such archbishop, bishop, or other ccc'cfiaf-tical person or inafter of a free school, on his dumefne, glebe,

or mensal lands, and on a new iitc therein; which buildings wiachlmin.

or improvements have been left unfinished and incomplete

at the time of the removal or death of such archbishop,

bishop, or other ecclesiastical person, or master of a free

school, by virtue of which certificate, any successor of such i,7 wt;..h r.r-

archbiiliop, bishop, or other ecclesiastical person, or master

of a free school is now charged, or may hereafter become ^"^4';';

chargeable with the payment of any sum whatsoever, that , , r..rfn.ll love

'>c.

such successor so charged or chargeable, who shall have finished and completed such buildings or improvements, pttr- a suant and agreeable to a memorial or memorials presented, or to be presented by him to, and approved by who is, or has been by the laws in being,

he person authorized and empowered

642

A.D. 179K Chap. .19.

such lucceflor deemed the original builder, $c.

and shall receive as herein.

Sum to-be To received not to exceed 2 years income,

proportions as herein to be paid by mcIi fucct,f-/or.

The thirij-fujl Year <jf George III.

empowered to receive and approve of such memorial or memorials, so as to render the fame fit and proper for the residence of himself and successors, and shall have obtained ctr fnali obtain a certificate, as di reded by the said act of parliament, passed in this kingdom, in the twelfth year of the -reign of King George the first, ascertaining the sum by him expended and laid oat, in finishing and completing the said buildings ox improvements in manner before mentioned, and the yearly value of such a-rchbishoprick, bishoprick, ecclesiatical benefice, or free schcol; that then and in such case, such successor shall be considered as the first or original builder or improver on a new site on his demesne, glebe, -or mensal lands, and be entitled to all advantages and emoluments provided for such first or original builder or improver, by the before mentioned acts, pa-fled in the eleventh and twelfth years, and in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty, and such successor who shall have so iiniihcd and completed such buildings or improvements, or his executors or administrators, shall from his next and immediate successor, his executors -or administrators, have, receive, and recover the amount of the sum of money 'by him actually laid out and expended, added to the sum by him paid to -his predecessor, his executors or administrators.

IV. Provided always, That the aggregate sum certified to be so -received and recovered, shall not exceed the clear value of two years income of such archbishoprick, bishoprick, ecclesiatical benefice or free school, and the first successor of the person who shall have so finished and completed such 'buildings or improvements, his executors or administrators -having paid such sum last herein before mentioned, shall have, receive, and recover three-fourth parts thereof from his next and immediate successor, his executors or administrators, which successor, his executors or administrators, having paid the said three-fourth parts of the said sum, he, his executors or administrators shall have, receive, and recover from his next and immediate successor, his executors or administrators, two-third parts of the said sum (that is, one moiety of the sum so certified, and such successor, his executors or administrators having paid - the said two-third parts of said sum, shall have, receive, and recover from his next and immediate successor, his executors or administrators.

Toe thhij-first Year of George III. 643

tors, one-third part of said sum (that is one-fourth part of A. lithe sum so certified, the said several and respective sums to be recovered in such manner, and by l'ticii ways and means as ecclesiastical persons are enabled by former acts to recover any Aim or Aims of money laid out and expended in building, or making other improvements on their demesne, glebe, or mensal lands.

V. And whereas doubts have arisen relative to the times of payments to be made by the successors of such arch-bishops, bishops, ceclefaflical persons, or masters of free schools who shall have erected. buildings, or made improvements on their demesne, glebe, or mensal lands on a new feite, and shall have finished and completed the fame pursuant to the aforesaid acts passed in the eleventh and twelfth years, and in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such ecclesiastical persons and matters of free schools, ah biflmpj, or their successors, their executors or administrators respect nave'ci'mpict-tively, who shall have finished and completed such build- cci ., Ull,li"ss

J or improve-

ings or improvements as aforesaid, pursuant to the afore-""'as, n> i>e said acts, and also to this act, shall be entitled respectively propnilion-; to receive from their successors, their executors or adminif- S'" l|lc’ trators respectively, the sum so certified as aforesaid, in such proportions, at such times, and in such manner as shall be herein after specified, that is to say, the first successor ,a |-ucci.(rur of the person who so finished and completed said buildings or improvements, his executors or administrators, shall pay llKC,‘ three-fourth parts of the sum so certified in the following proportions, and at the following times, namely, one moiety of the said three-fourth parts as soon as lie is become a successor chargeable therewith, that is at the end and expiration of one year after the death or removal of his predecessor, and the other moiety of the said three-fourth parts by two equal half-yearly payments within the next year, but shall not be compellable to pay the last remaining fourth part of the sum so certified and made payable by this and former acts until the end and expiration of two years, to be computed from the time he became chargeable with the: payment of the whole sum of money so certified as aforesaid, that is at the end and expiration of three years from the death or removal of his predccessor, and the other per- 0.!,cr fUCKr-fons in succession, their executors or administrators, who 10

7 Z a shall

644 37><? thirty-firfc Year of George III.

A- U. shall be chargeable with the payment of a proportional CliV^it Part ^le ^um certified as aforesaid, shall pay the

moiety of the said sum with which they are so chargeable as soon as they shall become successors chargeable therewith, (that is at the end and expiration of one year from the death or removal of their predecessor,) and the othei moiety of the said film by two equal half-yearly payments within the next year.

VI. And whereas it is reasonable and just to extend the relief provided by this act to the successors of all archbishops, bishops, and other ecclesiastical persons, and masters of free schpols who shall have begun, or shall begin to ered and make huildings or other improvements on their respective demesne, glebe, or mensal landG, though not on a new feite therein, pursuant to a memorial or memorials by them respectively presented and approved of for that purpose, and which buildings or improvements last mentioned, have been or shall he left unfinished and incomplete at the times of the removals or deaths of such archbishops, bishops, or other cc-clefiastical persons, or masters of free schools; be it therefore CoinmifTwns further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases a^buMding'*1 v-'i'ere any archbishop, bishop, or other ecclesiastical person, ..r improve or master of a froe school, has heretofore begun to ered and

rr. c.nts,tlimigh

not .1 nov make, or shall hereafter begin to ered and make any build-

(cite, in the . 1 />* 11

manner lure- ings, or other necessary improvements, though not on a new mdirc&ed. fcjt6) within his demesne, glebe, or mensal lands, pursuant to a memorial or memorials, presented and approved of in such manner, as is directed by the said several acts passed in this kingdom to encourage building of houses,- and making other improvements on church lands, and to prevent dilapidations, and shall be removed, or shall die before he shall have finished and completed the fame, agreeably to such memorial or memorials, and made them fit and proper for the residence of himself and his successors, and when any commission shall issue, or be granted for the purpose of estimating and valuing such buildings or improvements, pursuant to the said act passed in this kingdom, in the twelfth year of his late Majesty King George the first, entitled. An act to amend and explain an aB, entitled, Ah- aB to encourage building of houses, and making other improvements on church lands, and to prevent dilapidations, it shall and may be lawful to and for the person who is, or shall be by the laws in being, authorized

and

The shirtj-frjl Year of George III. 64

and impowered to grant and issue such commission, and he A.D. is hereby required to insert a clause therein, impowering and authorizing the commissioners therein named and appointed, to return a true, just, and faithful account and estimate of what sum or sums it will be requisite and necessary to lay ont and expend in completing and finishing such buildings or improvements, pursuant to such memorial or memorial-;, so as to render the fame fit and proper for the residence of such archbishop, bishop, or other ccclcfiastical person, or matter of a free school, and his fueccflors, according to the heft of their {kill and knowledge, and also impowering and authorizing such commissioners to examine witnesses upon oath, for the purpose of enabling them the better to ascertain the sum or sums it will be requisite and necessary to lay out and expend, in so finifiiing and completing such buildings or improvements.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Sunn cite

J J C <p Ml'lo I til

That such sum as shall by such return of said commissioners i, liniih'ii.', appear to be requisite and necessary to be laid out and expended, in so finishing and completing such buildings or improve-t"" ments, shall be deducted out of the sum which such archbishop, billiop, or other1 ccclcfiastical person, or matter of a free school, his executors or administrators beginning such buildings or improvements, not on a new feile, and dying, or being removed before the fame were so finished and completed, would have been intitled to receive from, or be paid by his succes-for, his executors or administrators, under and by virtue of the said several acts passed in this kingdom, to encourage the building of houses, and making other improvements on church lands, and to prevent delapidations, in case lie had finished and completed the same as aforesaid, before his death or removal; and every archbishop, bishop, or other ecclesiastical person, or mailer of a free school, or his executors or administrators who shall die, or shall be removed before lie Avail have so finished and completed such buildings or improvements, shall obtain a certificate for such sum as shall amount to the difference between the sum which he, his executors or administrators would have been entitled to have received from, and be paid by his fncccflbr, his executors or administrators, i:i case ho had To finished and completed said buildings or improvements, and such sum as shall be returned in the manner aforesaid, to be requisite and necessary to be laid cut and t.q.vnd'.d in Vol. XV. 8 A linishing

646 The thirly-f-rjl Year of George III.

A. I), finishing anti completing such buildings or improvements, and 1791 fitch sum as shall be resumed in the manner aforesaid, to be requisite and necessary to 'be laid out and expended in finishing and completing such buildings or improvements in the manner aforesaid, and for no greater or other sum. flora

VIII. And he -it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, i ,;. That where any certificate has been already granted, or shall PlfheU ivorts ^erea^ter granted, to any archbishop, bishop, or other ec-tirfim 1.; a- clcliastical person, or-mailer Of a free school, or to his exccu-fciirV, cmiii- tors or administrators, ascertaining the sum to -be received ti'nliVuflatu. an<l recovered for buildings or improvements erected and made by any such archbishop, bishop, or other -ecclesiastical person, or mailer of a free school, on hie demesne, glebe, or mensal lands, but -not on a new feite therein, which buildings or improvements have been left -unfurnished and incomplete, or shall be left unfinished and incomplete at the time of the removal or death of such archbishop, bishop, or other cc-clefiastical person, or mailer of a free school, by which certificate, any successor of such archbishop, bishop, or other ecclesiastical person, or mailer of a free school is now charged, or may hereafter become chargeable with the payment of any sum whatever, that such successor so charged or chargeable, who shall have finished and completed such buildings or improvements, pursuant and agreeably to a memorial or memorials preferrted, or to be presented by him to, and approved of by the person who is, or has been ’by the laws In being, authorized and impowered to receive and approve of such memorial or memorials, so as to render the fame fit and proper for the -residence of himself and his successors, and shall have ^obtained, or shall obtain a -certificate as directed by the said act, passed in this kingdom in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the first, ascertaining the sum by him expended and laid out in finishing and completing the said buildings or improvements in manner before mentioned, and the Yearly -value of such arch.bishoprick, -bishoprick, ecclesiastical benefice, or free school, that then, and in such case, such successor shall be considered as the first or original builder or improver who began said buildings or improvements, and be -entitled to all advantages and emoluments provided for such original builder or improver, by the before mentioned act of the twelfth year of King George the first, and such successor who shall have so finished and completed, nr who shall so

finish

The shirty-jirjt Year of George III.

finish and complete such buildings or improvements, or his executors or administrators, shall from his next and immediate successor, his executors or administrators, have, receive, and recover a sum of money, amounting to three-fourth parts of the aggregate sum, composed of the sum he, his executors or administrators actually paid to his prcdcceflor, his executors or administrators, and of the Aim ascertained to have been laid out and expended by him, in finishing and completing the said buildings or improvements.

IX. Provided always, That the aggregate sum so to he paid and recovered, shall not exceed the dear value of one year and a haifs income of such archbishoprick, bishoprick, ecclesiastical benefice, or free school, and such first successor of the person who shall have finished and completed such buildings or improvements, his executors or administrators, having paid the said furr.so to be received and recovered to his predecessor, his executors or adrfinistrators, shall have, receive, and recover from his next and immediate successor, his executors or administrators, two-third parts thereof, and such successor, his executors or administrators, having paid the said two-third parts of said sum, shall have, receive, and recover from his next and immediate successor, one moiety of what he has so paid, the said several and respective sums to be paid, received, and recovered at such times, and such manner, and by such ways and means, as ecclesiasticnl persons erecting buildings, or making improvements, not on new feites, are enabled by former acts, and by this act, to have, receive, and recover any sum of money laid out in buildings, and making other improvements on their dereefne, glebe, or mensal lands.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, when any archbishop, bishop, or other ecclesiastical person, or matter of a free school shall die, or be removed, leaving any buildings or improvements as aforesaid, whether on a new or an old feite unfinished and incomplete, that the immediate and every other successor of such archbishop, bishop, ecclesiastical person, or master of a free school, his or their executors or administrators, who shall not finish and complete as aforesaid, said buildings or improvements, shall have, receive, and recover from their successors, their executors or administrators, such portions of the money paid by them, by virtue of a certificate granted under this act, to their pre-

8 A 2 dceeffur

Stun In tecovirci! r.m to exceed one year and an Itiilf'a income.

Where !m-provi-maits, for which certificates have been granted, shall remain unli-tiirticd, tilt* poittona paid by each fuc-c.ITot may be r<c-*Vicd.

648 The. thirt'j-first Year of George III.

A.D. decessor or predeccflors, or their executors or administrator-:, i79r- as are appointed to be paid to ccclcfiastical persons making ' ’ buildings or improvements on church lands, by the aforesaid

act, passed in the twelfth year of his late Majesty King George the.first, and at such times, and in such manner, as are directed by an act passed in the ninth year of his late Majesty King George the second, entitled, An act for making more efllBual an all, to amend and explain an act, entitled, An del to encourage building of houses, and making other improvements on church lands, and to ptevent delapidalions.

CHAP. XX.

An Act to regulate the Insurance of Lottery Tickets.

[Preamble.]

iyol. to bt*

lor a l{-t'culeto inline

lottery tickets.

anti cool, to lie lotlpctl in I he bank of lieknnl, there to tannin f,»r months af-lertlieex^ita-tittit of the li-i-fiafc.

ihtn to he re* paid 'll ini toil he com-immceii,

«i a f.'it he

tOtltt.l.TCvil,

iiinI hi. M1 jell* Hull oh-

UK i, to be ;* 1 I in;.*

the i.teluty,

WHEREAS the laws heretofore made, and now of force In this kingdom for regulating the insurance of lottery tickets, have -not been sufficient to answer the purports thereby intended; for remedy whereof, be it cn-. a tied by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliamentaflembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person and persons to whom any license shall be granted, whereby he shall acquire a right of infilling any lottery ticket, -or to register the numbers of any ticket in any lottery, shall at the time of renewing such license pay the commissioners for managing the stamp duties the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds for the use of his Majesty, and also deposit in flic bank of Ireland.flic sum of one thousand pounds in money,- or government fecnriiics, there to remain until three months after the expiration of the license :to such pc.rfon, and if no, suit or proceeding on the said bond on account of any violation of the condition thereof, shall lie commenced within such three months, then the person or persons who so deposited the said sum shall be repaid the fame; and in case that any suit be commenced, and that his Majesty shall ob-l1!! final judgment thereon, then the money so deposited foal! !-e paid into his Majesty's treasury in the fame manna as the penalty ut the said Kwa would lie in case the fame had boa-, levied under Vih iu.K.n.ent, and thali give fecu-

rity

The thirty-ftrjl Year of George III. 649

rity by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the A.D. sum of one thousand pounds, v.-it!i two or more fufileiciU '/91

securities, to be approved of by the managers and directors __________/

of lotteries in this kingdom, or any three or more of them,

the condition of such bond shall be, llr.it if such person or '> i»- i-.'ol.

persons shall well and truly conform to and ofclerve all the

rules, regulations and provisions of the laws now of force in this kingdom relative to the insurance of lottery tickets, so

far as he, flte, or they shall be concerned therein, such bond

shall be void, but otherwise to be and remain in full force;

and the said managers and directors, or any three or more m-.sre-uM

of them, are hereby authorized to take the said bond; and "

if at the end of the vear for which stich license shall be

' t! I III. f.Mt.li-

granted, it shall appear to the said managers and directors, ii.«> oi tl.c or any three or more of them, that the person or persons l,"', ;,7Ju so entering into such bond hath, or have acted in all things in conformity to the condition of such bond, and to the di- >lu--

J_’ ;rc to LCUIr it

redtions and provisions of the said laws relative to the in- tobcuucd-furance of lottery tickets, and hath or have not acted in contradiction thereto during the year for which the license shall be granted, then the said managers or directors, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to cause such bond to be delivered up and cancelled, but otherwise the said managers and directors, unless they otWiic m fee sufficient reason to forbear from prosecution, shall cause fUL'd every such bond to be sued upon; provided that nothing licensai per-herein contained, shall prevent any person licensed, pursuant vc"tTr!n to any law now of force in this kingdom from felling lottery tickets under the conditions thereby.

II. Provided, and be it enacted, That the form of the IW of policy, contract, or agreement to insure lottery tickets, expressing the name of the possessor of such ticket at the time of such insurance, the number thereof, the lottery to 1'":l>?‘ikuf

Uie ticket.

which such ticket shall belong, and the amount of the premium received thereon, and the name and surname, or names and surnames of the person or persons subject to pay the sum assured, be respectively written on the back of the lottery ticket, the value of which shall be so insured, and that no other writing or policy shall be valid in law, any tiling to the contrary notwithstanding.

S B

CHAP.

The thirlj-frfl Year of George II3.

C :H A P.

XXI.

An Act for the Relief of infohent Dehors, with Ref eft to tlft Imprijimment of their Persons.

- W"

From soth April 1791, per forts in gaol for debt iinee til Sept. *7!A

iPreamble. \ WHEREAS several persons have teen for a long time, and are now confined for debt in the several :gaols of this kingdom, who are ready and desirous 'to surrender all their property to their creditors, but cannot by so doing obtain ihcir liberty, without the interposition of the legislature; and whereas it is reasonable to make provision for the relief of such of them as shall be willing to satisfy their creditors to the utmost of their power, for which ipurpose, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twentieth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every person and persons who were on the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, actual prisoners in the custody of any public gaoler or gaolers or keeper of any public prison respectively, upon any execution, writ, action, or any process whatsoever, out of any court of law, for or by reason of any debt or demand, whatsoever, without fraud or collusion with their creditors or others, and who have ever since continued in prison, the fame appearing satisfactorily to the court, and by the affidavit or affidavits of such gaoler or gaolers respectively, in whose custody, :hc, (he, or they have actually continued for the time aforesaid, which affidavit or affidavits as far as the same shall be warranted by the truth of the fact, every such gaoler shall and is hereby required to make before any judge or justice -of a (live, or before any commissioner authorized to take affidavits in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, to exhibit a petition to that court of law from whence the process issued, upon which lie, (he, or they were first arrested or taken, setting forth the said original canfe or process, and also all the other causes of his, her, or their Imprisonment, and in a schedule to be annexed to such petition,

to he proved

by affidavits of gaolers,

may petition the courts from whence proccfiei llfticd,

fits whatsoever, which he, file, or they in law or equity entitled unto, tinder or

The t/jirty-JirJi Year of George III. 651

lition, setting forth a full and true account of his, her, or A.D. their whole real and personal estate, and of all and every *791-Turn and films of money, gifts, legacies, charges, and bene-

is, arc, or may be (l'="'inr1!,e

c.m ei ot im*

by virtue of any

r 1 , c r awl Mima

will or settlement, or olhcrvnfe, as tar as the fame hath fckniu'n of come to the knowledge of him, her, or them, with the dates ^u-slnd'rf-of their securities, wherein any part of it consists, and of.fK 23 ll,rc‘ the deeds, wills, writings, or notes relating thereto, and the names of the witnesses to the fame, as far as his, her, or their knowledge extends thereto, and in whole hands the fame respectively are; but before any such petition shall he received by the said court, out of which the original or first process as aforesaid has issued, every such prisoner or prisoners in order to obtain the benefit of this act, shall give or cause to be given, a notice in writing to all and every the creditor notice to or creditors, at whose suit such prisoner or prisoners Hand crta',0r'> charged, or his or their executors or administrators, or at his, her, or their usual place of abode, and also to and for his, and jbetrat-

torm,.

her, or their attorney or agent last employed in any such action or actions on which the said prisoners were arrested, and under which they weTe detained.

II. Provided always, That where the attorney under whose ww at-name such process issued has been dead, it shall not be nc- X"?(Tucd ‘ ceffaTy for such prisoner or prisoners to serve notice on any other attorney who shall or may have been employed by said creditor or creditors, said notice to be given fourteen days jmMrt 14 <|»ys at least before any such petition shall be presented and re- on patented; ceived, signed with the name or mark of such prisoner, importing his or her intention to petition as aforesaid, and shall also give notice in the Dublin Gazette of the like import, to K-K; all his, her, or their creditors in general, at lead fourteen days before the presenting of such petition, and an affidavit of the due service of every such notice at the time of presenting such petition shall be read, and at the same time proof shall be made to the satisfaction of such court of such publication in the Gazette, and thereupon such court shall by p inf > order or rule cause the said prisoner so petitioning to l^c pijf.l’ner a»".( brought up, and the several creditors at whose suit lie, file, 1;],°;','" or they are charged as aforesaid to be summoned to appear personally, or by their attorney in court, ,at a day to be appointed for that purpose, and upon the day appointed for 8 B c fud.

652

A.D. 1791.

Chap, c t.

whether ere* ditor>> appear or not 011 day appointed, court may ex* amine;

oath to be adminidercci to prisoner.

The ihirly-first Year of George III.

such appearance, whether the creditor or creditors so summoned, or any other creditor appear or not, proof being made of such service and of such publication in the Gazette, and of such adiual imprisonment, such as shall appear satis-factory to the said court, the court may in a summary way examine into the matter of such petition, and hear what can or shall be alledged on either fide, for or against the discharge of -such prisoner, and upon such examination the court may and are hereby required to administer or tender to the prisoner an oath to the effect following, which oath the said court is hereby empowered to administer.

0lta 7 A.B. do solemnly swear, in the f refence of Almighty God,

that the account by me delivered into this honourable court in my petition to this court, and the scheditle thereunto annexed, doth contain a trite and full account of all my real and personal estate, debts, credits, and elseBs whatsoever, which I, or any in trufl for me have, or at the time of my said petition had, or am, or was in any respect entitled to, in possession, remainder or reverson, except the wearing apparel and bedding for me or my family, and the tools or instruments of my trade or calling, not exceeding ten pounds in value in the whole, and of all and every sum and sums of money, charges, and benefits whatsoever, which in law or equity I am or may be entitled to, under any will, felllement, or otherwise, as far as hath come to my knowledge, and that I have not at any time since my imprisonment or before, direct, or indireBIy fold, leased, assigned, or otherwise disposed of, or made over in trust for myself, or any of my family, relations, or friends, or otherwise, other than as mentioned in such account, any part of my lands, efate, goods, flock, money, debts, real or personal estate, or sum or sums of money, charges and benefits in law or equity as aforesaid, whereby to conceal or discharge the fame, or whereby to have or expeB any benefit or profit to myself, or any of my family, or whereby any of my creditors to whom I am indebted, may be defrauded of or deprived of the fame, or hindered from recovering his, her, or their just debt or debts.

So help me God.

IF creditors And in case the prisoner shall in open court take the said oath, whhu'ic'11 and upon such examination and his or her taking the said oath, lull!' "he ' t'lc cre(litors shall be satisfied with the truth thereof, the court may

immediately

The thirty-firJ} Year of George III. (ij j

immediately order the lands, goods, and effects contained in such A.D. account, and all other the real and personal estate of such prisoner, 1791 and all lum and sums of money, gifts, legacies, charges, and be-nefits to which he or she may be entitled in law or equity as omit may aforesaid, to be assigned to some one or more of the creditors of j’.'.nVto wrn.'in the said prisoner, who may appear competent to the said court in that respect, or to some officer of the said court, to be fixed Oil by effects ate to the said court for that purpose, and all and every the lands, goods, tM.!Uo"aH J and effects, and all the estate real and personal of such prisoner, and all sum and films of money, gifts, legacies, charges and bene- Iwiikiiiptcv, fits as aforesaid, shall be fully and effectually assigned to and veiled in such creditor or creditors or officer, by a short endorlement on the back of said petition or schedule signed by such prisoner; and the person or persons to whom such alignment is or shall be made, may take possession of, or sue for the same in law or equity, in his or their own name or names, in like manner as assignees of commissioners of bankrupts, to which suit no release of the prisoner, his or her executors, or administrators, or any trullee for him or her subsequent to such assignment shall be any bar, and the said assignment shall be in trull for all the creditors of the said prisoner, who shall within six months after such assignment, in (.;.1;ir.s ..f rc-pursuance of notice being given in the Dublin Gazette for that purpose by such assignee or allignees, come in and claim and prove mmuhs npa their debts respectively, upon oath to be made before a mailer ordinary or extraordinary in the court of chancery, or before some person authorized to take affidavits in any of the law courts of this kingdom, or before any going judge of assize, or before any mayor or chief magistrate of any cities, borough, or town corporate, near to which such creditor or creditors shall refule, within this kingdom or elsewhere, and immediately upon such assignment executed, the said prisoner shall be discharged out of custotly by order or court, and such order shall be a sufficient warrant to the theriff,

Wirh-'V

gaoler, or keeper of such prison, to tiilcharge the said ptiloner, «. if detained for the causes mentioned in such petition, and no other, ' '

and he is hereby required to discharge or let him or her at liberty forthwith without fee, nor Audi such ihcrifl or gaoler be liable to any action of escape, or other suit or prosecutien upon that account, and the person or persons to whom the said elseds shall he .;r;,n, assigned, shall and are hereby required to divide the e-fleas' so Uiv U--(i-.-t -assigned among themltlves if creditor?, and all the persons for ji,',!, whom they shall lie cntrulled, amongst whom the gaoler or keeper :,; j’’ of the prison in whole custody the party uncharged was, lh:d! be included as a creditor for his fees, in proportion to their rdpcdive Yol. XV. 8 C ' debts

'654 77*? thirty-first Year of George III.

A.D. 1791. Chap. 11.

If a creditor or creditors require further time, prifuiier may be remauded until within 8 days of fame term or first week of next term;

if no omission in schcilulc, or probability of being for-sworn, the prisoner may be difehatged.

I'ersons d‘f-chargnl under this act not to be arrested for debts prior thereto,

provided notice was faced as preferred.

debts as aforesaid; but in case the person or persons at whose suit such prisoner was charged,-or any of them, shall not be satisfied with the truth of such oath, hut shall desire further time to inform himself of the matters contained therein, the said court may and shall remand the said prisoner, and direct the said prisoner and the person or persons diflatisiied with such oath to appear at another day, to be appointed by the said court, some time within eight days of the fame term, or within the first week of the term next following the time of such examination j and if at such second day so to-be appointed, the creditor or creditors diflatisiied with such oath shall make default in appearing, or-in case lie or they shall appear, hut shall lie unable to discover any estate or effects of the prisoner omitted in such his or her petition or schedule, or to shew any probability of his or her having been forsworn in the said oath, or to shew any other sufficient cause to the said court why he or flic should not be discharged, then the said court shall immediately cause the said prisoner to be discharged upon such assignment of his or her estates, effects, benefits, and interests in manner as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the person or persons of the debtor or debtors so discharged shall never after be arrested or liable to imprisonment for the fame debt or debts for which such debtor was so arrested or detained in prison, nor for any other debt or debts due to persons on whom or whose executors or administrators notice as in manner before prescribed shall have been regularly fer.ved upon, and in case he, she, or they shall be arrested or imprisoned for any such debt or debts, and any suit or suits shall be commenced against him, her, or them in respect thereof, such person so discharged, shall and may be discharged and set at liberty by any judge of the court out of which such process issued, by any order made on hearing the matter in a summary way, or by any judge of assize, commissioner of general gaol delivery, or commissioner of oyer and terminer, and such person so discharged may plead this act, and his discharge under the fame, in bar of any such action or actions.

If prisoner tV. Provided always, That in case the said prisoner shall refuse refutes tire to take the said oath, or having taken the fame, shall be detested

oalli, or takes ’ ° ’

n false oath, of falsity therein, before the said court, he or flic shall be presently 1 TnefitVf'this remanded by the said court to prison, and shall forfeit all benefit of this act.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such person who shall take such oath as

aforesaid,

The ibhty-frf Year of George III.

aforesaid, shall upon any indieftment for perjury, in any matter or particular contained in the said oath, be convicted by his or her own confession, or by the verdict of twelve men, as he or she may be by force of this act, the person so convicted shall fuller all the pains and forfeitures which may by law be inflicted on any person convicted of wilful perjury, and shall likewise be liable to be taken upon any process de novo and charged for the said debt, or any other in the same manner, as if he or she had never been discharged or taken before, and shall never after have the benefit of this act:.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons obtaining his, her, or their discharge from imprisonment, under or by virtue of this act as aforesaid, shall knowingly and willingly remove, make away with, conceal, or embezzle any part of his, her, or their estate, goods, and effects, or any beneficial interest to the value of ten pounds, or any books of account, papers, securities, or writings relating thereto, with an intent to defraud his, her, or their creditors, all and every such person and persons being thereof lawfully convicted by indictment, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall suffer as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy, or the benefit of any statute made in relation to felons; and in such case all the goods, effects, estate and interest of such person and persons so convicted, shall go to and be divided by such assignee or assignees as aforesaid, amongst all the creditors of such person or persons, in like manner as the fame would have been done if included in such schedule as aforesaid.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the said assignees so made or appointed as aforesaid, or any of them, shall refuse or decline to act in the said trust, that then and in such case, on application to the court for that purpose, the said court is hereby empowered to substitute one or more assignee or assignees in the room and place of the person or persons so refusing or declining as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no more shall be paid for any notice or publication under any part of this act in the Dublin Gazette, or any other public newspaper, than one Hulling, and the publisher of such Gazette, and of every public newspaper, shall be bound upon request, and on payment or tender of the said film of one shilling to print and publish the same.

IX. And whereas it may be necessary to prevent fraud and imposition upon such assignee or assignees, and upon all and every

8 C 2 assignees,

If convict

r«l of tvrjmy ir. fil'd oath, to full" r <;! pciKiI-1<, end may be taken fir said debt? d' n:V).

Person? (ill-charged as aforesaid. convicted id Concealing or embezzling property m

defra (1 or- dilois, drenc i<i fc ons

and aligood, &c. divided

amongst ck» ditora.

If assignees refuse to act* others may be appointed by the court.

No more than is. to be paid for any thing published under this act in Gazette or oilier paper.

The th 'trl)-frjl Yetfr of George III.

A.D.

assignees and trustees of the estate and effefls of any prisoner or 1791 prisoners to whom this act shall extend, as herein after is mention-Chap. 21. c(!f Ijy persons claiming debts due to them by such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, or as hereafter mentioned, and also to prevent delay in the distributeion of the estate and effects and interests so assigned to and veiled in such assignee or assignees, trullee or trustees as aforesaid, to provide some proper course to be had and purftted in such cases respectively; be it furthet enacted by the att-Ifatlifiiets th°.rity aforesaid, That if any such assignee or assignees, trullee or &c. doubt the trustees, shall entertain any doubt or doubts concerning the truth, cWm. die/ fatmefs and reality of any debt or claim made upon the estate and llie\:tnilccl- ally such prisoner or prisoners, as aforesaid, or as herein

Jot, src.after mentioned, such assignee or assignees, trullee or trustees, or to iiemadT,"7 any two creditors of such prisoner as aforesaid, shall be at liberty deraHradn to Pre*ent as often as may he necessary, a petition to the lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or the commissioners of the great leal of this kingdom for the time being, Hating such doubts as to the truth, fairnels and reality of such debt or claim, and praying that the fame may be enquired into, and thereupon such enquiry shall he made in a luminary way upon a reference to one of the matters of the high court of chancery, or otherwise, as to the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners of the great seal parties to be shall lcem meet; in the prosecution of which enquiry it shall he lawful to examine all necessary parties upon oath, by interrogatories or otherwise, and the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, and lords commissioners shall have power finally to decide, and to make if oliim be order upon and respecting such claim and debt as aforesaid; and in umliity made, case it shall appear that such debt or claim hath unduly and wi'.h-lur. xc. may out any reasonable foundation been let up and made, the said lord fame' wi'ib chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners shall and may let

cells. alide and disallow the fame, and order such costs to be paid to such

assignee or assignees, trullee or trustees, or to such erditors as aforesaid as shall seem reasonable, and for non-payment thereof shall and may proceed to enforce payment by attachment or otherwise, as in ordinary cases of contempt of the said court.

Dividend X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and

to be made every such assignee or assignees as aforesaid, and all and every af-

momhs^fter lignee and assignees, trullee and trustees herein after mentioned, aliicnment, (]lap maj;c a dividend or dividends of all the estates and cftedls of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, or as herein after mentioned coming to their hands, within nine calendar months after the same shall be so assigned to or vested in him, her or them as aforesaid, as far as the nature thereof will admit, unless upon petition, af_

signing

The tUny-frjl Year (f

Occrge

111.

fi-.;ning for.ic good cai:lo for defilin'; the lame, to the lord c’un-riilor, io;.i keeper, or lords cnminissioners afurafaiJ, further time shall lie given j and in case any of the cilatcs, effedfs, ami intercfls so assigned to and veiled in such assignee or afngnees as aforesaid, or in any -assignee or alliances, trustee or tmllees as herein after mentioned, dial I he of such a nature as not to he reducible into poiTeiTiou or into money within a convenient time, such assignee or adignecs as aforesaid, and such assignee and assignees, trudec and trustees as herein after mentioned, shall and may by petition date the same to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners aforesaid, who may refer it to one of the mailers of the said court of chancery, to sell and dispose thereof so circumdanced, for the bed price that can be got for the fame; and in cuie that the fame diall J:e fa lye ft to any honed and lair charge or incumbrance, may fell and ilifpose of the fame, iuhject to such chsige or incumbrance, and shall have power to convey, allign, and transfer the fame, and the whole intered which such person had iIiitc-in, and the produce arising by every Inch file, shall be paid to such assignee or adigi’.ecs, trufiec or trudccs, to he divided asaloie-said, after payment of Inch cods as shall reasonably have been expended touching the fame, and the venders or ptirchafers shall not be anftvcrable for the application or milappiication thereof.

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case

any creditor or creditors of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, diall he didaiisfied with the conduct of inch assignee or assignees as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall and may petition the lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners as aforesaid, praying relief against such assignee or a'lignees, whoreuppu the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners diall, ami may give such relief by removal of such assignee or adignecs, and by appointing some other person or persons in his, her, or their dead, or by making such other order or orders as shall seem jud and adequate to the occasion. '

XII. And whereas great difficulties have arisen in the execution of the acts heretofore made for the relief of insolvent debtors, for want of a proper method having been provided by the said adds, for ascertaitiing in a summary way, the several demands against the estates of the debtors which have been assigned in order to be distributed among their creditors, for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where the estate of the debtor has been assigned in pursuance of any of the said adds, and that no distribution thereof has been heretofore made, it shall and may be lawful for the adigoce or adignecs, and they are hereby

Vol. XV. 8 D - empowered

D.

Chap, ci

Hilun of »* oduce.

Creditor

with

liidj |uliii.iii

clmuu'li^r*

&C.

Wlrrc the ell.itc of the delitcrh.i's Jictii assigned under forrr.rr acts, and nu d:vi«it nd made, altig*

658 The thirtj-first Year of George III.

A.D.

empowered to examine upon oath, the person who hath put in a 1791 claim against the estate To assigned to him, concerning the reality Chnfh 21. of his claim or demand, and also the debtor whole estate and e!Fe£ls M.tu nia) exa have been assigned concerning the same, and if upon such exami-

Il.i'nilla and 1111(1011 he or they shall be satisfied concerning the reality of such dttjinrupim claims, be and they'is and are hereby required to allow the fame; ifatrLnces lmt if such aliignee or assignees'shall, after such examinations, en-foCthey1'*' tertain -any doubt concerning the reality, or fairness of such debt T-U'ulcfT or 'il'011 and in such case such aliignee or assignees, or any lor, as herein; two of the CTcditois of'such debtor, shall be at liberty to present a pdition'to the lord Chancellor, 'lord keeper, or lords commissioners of the great Teal of this kingdom for the time being, 'stating such

doubts as to the truth, fairness, and reality of such debt or claim, enquiry to be and praying that the fame maybe enquired into, and thereupon

such-enquiry shall be malic in a furr.mary way, upon a reference to one of the mailers of the high court of chancery, 'Or otherwise, as to the said lord chancellor,'lord keeper, or lords commissioners of the great seal shall seem meet, 'in the prosecution of which enquiry. it shall he lawful to examine all'necessary parties upon oath,

l.mldurcel- by'interrogatories or otherwise, and the said 'lord chancellor, 'lord

|l,r, In (J|»-

ciileiinally. keeper, and lords commissioners, shall have power Anally to decide

and to make order upon, and respecting such claim and debt as afoi'Osaid, and if it shall appear that such debt or claim has unduly, and -without any reasonable foundation been set up and made, then the said Tort! chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners, shall and may set alidc and disallow the fame and order such costs to be paid to such aliignee or assignees, or two petitioning creditors of such debtor, as shall fecin reasonable, and for non-payment thereof, 'shall and may proceed to enforce payment by attachment or otherwise, as in ordinary cases of contempt of the said court.

When ere-

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Uiio'sor kb- That whenever the creditor or creditors of any insolvent debtor,

tors under

former nils who has in purfimice of any former act for the relief o'f infol-rvhh'th.'coir t'ent debtors, assigned his or her cllate or effefls, shall be difia-Uiidl ..fad.;- |'|S|'1CC) with the condufl of the assignee or assignees, lie, flie, or

licet, tlu’y , 0 0

may petition they shall anti may petition the lord hrgh chancellor, lord 'keeper, llr.&c.'utlo or lords commissioners of the great seal, praying relief against. such 1,1.1! give re- a)];,y,)ec or assignees.'whereupon the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or

lief a, lioiun. 0 .: . 11

lords commissioners of the great seal, shall and may give such relief, hv obliging Inch aliignee or assignees to give in an account of the cflute and cried-; assigned to them, and the application thereof, or by removal of him or them, and appointing some other person rr

persons

The ibirty-frjl Year of George III. 659

persons in his, her or their stead, or by making fitch other order A. V). or orders as shall Teem just and adequate to the occasion. ^1791

XIV. And whereas it may happen that some person or persons

may be found in possession of some part or parts of the estate of 1W.hu

fitch prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, or of such prisoner or pri- ||, Xjiion of

foners as herein after mentioned, pretendin'; to be entitled thereto, al,y part of

’ 1 0 7 pnfc-nci s

under some custodiam or custodiams, or under some foreign at- iilate, pre- tachment or attachments, for some fictitious debt or debts, or for ,m tlcdumlcr some debt or debts which have been wholly, or in great part fa- Sa-

tisfied, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every aSancts, such case the assignee or assignees as aforesaid, and such aflig-nee or assignees, trustee or trustccs as herein after mentioned, shall c5rr,n

0 . chequer fur

and may petition the nigh court of chancery, or the court of ex- an enquiry, chequer, praying that an enquiry may be made, and that justice may he clone to all the creditors of such prisoner or prisoners respecting the fame; whereupon the said court to whom such peti- the court may tlon shall bepresented, lltall and may, in a summary way, esquire yjtom.'" "vay into, and finally decide upon such custodiam or custodiams, to- :llc'con-reign attachment or attachments; and if it shall appear to such court that such custodiam or custodiams, foreign attachment or attachments, was or were obtained for a debt or debts really and fairly owing by such prisoner, then and in such case such creditor shall, if such debt shall appear to he a simple contrail debt, be entitled according to the amount of his debt, to such proportion of the effects of such prisoner or other creditors praying simple contract debts are entitled to; but if such custodiam or custodiams shall appear to have been obtained upon one or more judgment or judgments, then in such case such creditor shall be entitled to be paid according to the priority of his judgment or judgments, in such manner as other judgment creditors are to be paid by -this act.

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall t\,t t,... extend or be conftrned to extend to deprive any mortgagee or mortgagees, or creditor or creditors, by statute staple, or statute inc.-m-Ji-merchant, recognizance or judgment, of any estate or filtered, or jljje of any lien, charge, priority or benefit, to which such mortagee

or mortgagees, creditor or creditors, for a fair and valuable confi- ly.jo. deration shall have or be entitled to, in law or equity against or in respect of any of the lands or real estate of such prisoner or prisoners, such mortgagee or mortgagees, creditor or creditors, cr the person or persons under whom he, flic, or they may claim, being truly, and buna fide hich, oil the fil'd day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

8D’i

XVI, Pro-

66o Thi thirty-fufl Year of George III.

A.D.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority 17<J f - aforesaid, That this act shall not extend to any prisoner or pri-hners seeking his; difeliarge by his otvn application as aforesaid, who tvas not in aflu.il custody for debt in fonie public gaol on the n.'iic-'i'nns '1' fu'ft day of September, one thoul’and seven hundred and ninety, h-.-Tii ac- without fraud or collullon, nor to any such prisoner as aforesaid, who fhoil he in prison, and charged in custody for any debt to one person exceeding the fttm of two luindred pounds, unless f ic-h prifc.-.’.er shall appear to have obtained his certificate under fame comminion of bankruptcy, or to have been discharged under some insolvent debtors aft, within Great Britain or Ireland, and hall appear co he imprisoned for foine debt owing by him before the obtaining of such certificate or discharge, nor shall the fame extend or be couftrued to extend to any such prisoner seeking his difeliarge as aforesaid, to discharge him from any arrest or imprisonmen!, or for or in respect of any debt owing by him or Iter as treasurer of any county, or as coliedor of1 any public money, or for any lum or films of money received by Jiim or her, which have come into his or her hands for the use of any charity, or charitable ' lbeiety, or as a trultce for any widow or children, or as attorney

‘ or folidtor for any client, or as high-sheriff, fub-flierift, or coro-

ner for any execution, or as church warden, high or petty con-itabics of any parilit, or in respect of any debt owing to the , crown; nor shall this act extend to any person within the provisi-

on of the bankrupt laws of this kingdom, in case any commission of bankruptcy shall be sued out and prosecuted against him or her before such time as such person may, according to this act, obtain a discharge from his imprisonment; nor to any person who shall appear to have embezzled the effects entrusted to his care, or who has by false tokens or other fraudulent devices incurred the debt for-which he or he is. in custody; or to any person who is confined on account of damages recovered in an a'dion for false imprisonment.

T.

XVII. Provided also, That this act shall not extend to free or

I-iiturtct- ’ ’

feits liable tn difeliarge the future effects of any person seeking the benefit of

u'.u'i'S. this act, ivliich shall originally accrue to any such person, or be

gained by him or her after having taken the benefit thereof, but the same shall be liable and subject to his or her debts now owing by

him or her, as if this act had not been made.

Aiiigrc.'s,

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, iiiii a.-t, e;u- That all and every iffignce and assignees, trustee and trustees of the f ITnri't" c^Jte a,1d cllcds of any prisoner or prisoners within the provisions ki-.:o-s of this act, shall have power and authority to compound with

tJ.prsfoncsfi, ’ r

Ihe thlri'i-first Year of George III. 661

pcvfor.s indebted to such piil'uner or prisoners, or to fuhmit to ar- A.D. bitration any suit, debt, or claim of or against such prisoner or Zf*1'

prisoners, or of or against Inch alligncc or aliignees, trullee or trustees as such, and i’uch com as shall be l'o made by such nrtofuhmit assignee or assignecs, trullee or trustees, and all and every award on^fuis!" and awards as shall be made by any arbitrator or arbitrators, urn-

4 J t damn of or

pire or umpires, in consequence of any reference to arbitration, by against pii-any such assignee or aliignees, trullee or trustees, shall be good, so,lers' effectual, and binding to all parties concerned, and the said allig-nee or aliignees, trullee or trustees, are hereby indemilied for what he, flic, or they shall fairly do, according to the directions aforesaid.

XIX. Provided allb, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all and every case or cases wiiere mutual credit hath been given between any prisoner or prisoners within the provisions of this act, and any other person or persons, or body politic or corporate," before the exhibiting of such account or schedule of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, or as herein after mentioned, then and in every such case the respective allignee or aliignees, trullee or trustees of such prisoner or prisoners shall have, and have hereby power on their part to state and allow ail account between them, and nothing more shall he deemed to be yelled in any such aliignees or trustees, as the estate or effects of such prisoner or prisoners, than what shall appear to be due to him, her, or them respectively, for the balance of such account when duly Hated.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases wherein by this act in any part thereof an oath is required or directed, the solemn affirmation of any person being a quaker, to the fame efied, shall and may he accepted and taken in lieu thereof, and every person making such affirmation, who shall be convicted.of wilful and false affirming, shall Incur and suffer Inch and the fame penalties as are inflicted and imposed by law upon persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective assignees of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners, who shall obtain his, her, or their discharge in pursuance of this act, or any person or persons duly authorized by them for that purpose, from time to time, if need be, to apply to any judge of assize, commissioner of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, thereby dehring that such prisoner or prisoners, person or persons, may be examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their estate or

Vol. XV. 8 E effects,

When: mutual credit has been |»i* vni between pd'otiers arid oilier pel (on:, no more than

tl,c Maun! :o

be velif'l ii;

iruAco.

Where an

Mill IS If quired, the

nllirmailoii of a quaker accepted, in lieu thereof.

AssignrM may apply to judge of assize, &r. to hnve persons wild l.nve Leci dj’r-

examined :n to il-e'r cilhtrs

ortfiefts.

GGa ‘The thirtyfujl Year if CcGrge III.

A.' 1"). cfTcils, -whereupon such judge or commissioner fli.iil fend for, or 11 c.sll before them, fudi prisoner or prisoners, person or persons, by 'vilrran-> luminous, 'ways or means, as they shall think fir, and upon such prisoners appearing shall examine him, her, or them upon oath, as to such matters and things as such assignee shall de-fire, relating to the cllate or cffefls of such prisoner or prisoners; twfctaH'e am! if any prisoner or prisoners on payment or tender of payment aii.m-atV"' °‘ fi|Ch reafoiv.'.ble charges as such judge or commissioner shall i.ii'.ji.rrs deem fiifiicienr, shall neglect or reftife to come and appear, net

or. rt,.|pO to ° r

at'miur n- having aiawiul exetiie to he mat.e known to such judge or com-iwo!i!,"&i-. milfionr.', and by him or them allowed, or being come before them, CMtintau-i! to fi-.iil refuse to be sworn, or to ar.fwer ail or any of such cjueftions as by such judge or commissioner shall be put 'to him, her, or them, rei.iting'to the discovery of his, her, or their estate or cffefls, so veiled or intended to he veiled in'such assignees as aforesaid, that then it shall and may he lawful for such judge Or commissionrr Ire warrant under his or their hands and Teals, to apprehend such prisoner or prisoners so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or'litem to commit to the county gaol, there to remain without hail or mainprise, until such time as he, she, or they shall fub-init him, her, or themselves 'to such judge or commissioner, anti answer upon oath to all such oucliions as shall by such judge Or commissioner be put to him, her, or them, for the purposes aforesaid.

‘prnlr. :cth April

n!| will) were h: a&u&l cm f-loily for <M>t in any gaol,

« \,vpi in the city oi county of liu.- cf:>' vf Dub ir, ett lil Si pc. i:9‘\ ever liii'.v, may put.ion t l:u i\r. l.i

wht'.fi

p- ccJa iiTueii;

a Clhcdulc to Ic.l.iu SCil !* iatl. petition to t'CtOIC,

XXII. And whereas it may be inconvenient to bring prisoners up to any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, from country prisons at a t'ilinnce from Dublin, by reason of the difficulties and expences attending the fame; for reason whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twentieth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, all arid every prisoner and prisoners who were on the aforesaid first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in admfi Custody for debt in any public gaol or prison of this kingdom, other than the gaols or prisons within the city or county of the city of Dublin, and who have been continued ever since in such culiody, shall and may petition the court of law out of or under which the original or til'll procel's issued, upon which he, flic, of they were and shall be so imprisoneJ, in like manner as prisoners in general arc herein before enabled or authorized to do, and ail rend every such prisoner and prisoners so petitioning, shall annex to his, hen, or their petition a schedule setting forth and containin'.; a foil account of his, her, or their whole real and persona! clinic, iiitercft and benefits, in like maimer as is herein before

prescribed

The thirtj-first Year of George III.

66;

prescribed as to fitch prisoners as aforesaid, blit giving notice to A. I"), the several creditors at whole suit he, she, or they (land charged or imprisoned, and their respective attornies, in manner and form herein before prel'eribed, and also giving notice in the Dublin nctiictu

1 w ... t . cruhnus and

Gazette to alibis, her, or their other creditors ot lueh mteuuon tinirauoi-to petition, in like manner as is before directed respecting prisoners lecking their discharge under tins aft, and upon every such peti- Os-«uc, as tion and schedule being so presented to (uch court as <oJorcsaid, the said court shall make a rule to cause the prisoner or prisoners to Ire brought, at an expence not exceeding four pence per mile, to brimfhi: cpst he paid as herein after mentioned, to the next alli/.es to be hclden fortl'ccu* for the county, city, or place where he or-ilie shall be imprisoned; m,t fuelt expence as aforesaid to be paid by such prisoner, if able to pay the same, or if unable, and such inability be made out to ft 'fj; the satisfaction of the judge before whom such prisoner or prisoners L'k,’it',', shall be brought, then to be. paid by the treasurer of the county; and the grand jury of the said county are hereby empowered to euaury i make a preferitment for the lame, upon a certificate under the hand of the said judge, certifying such inability, and the several credi- croVinrsaa.i tors at whole suit such prisoners shall (land charged, Avail he served i'J with a copy of such rule and of such petition and scheduic, and the same shall be also left with his, her, or their attorney or attor- mlcs pennies, as in manner before prescribed, or at his, her, or their dwcl- f.TinV*. ,0 ling house, or usual place of abode, ten days at kail before such r\'!'r‘"' affixes; and it Avail be lawful for the judges of alfr/.e at such effizes, or one of them, and lie and they are hereby required to ;]. of appoint a -time for hearing the matter upon the hud petition at or during such affi7.es, at which time the said judges, or one o( lea|i»6i them, upon proof that such creditor or creditors were served with rpnn p-ost, a copy of the aforesaid rule of court, and also with a copy of (lie lcbedule containing an account of such prisoners veal and per- aa aru,cri'!ll> fonal estate, interests and benefits as aforesaid, Avail in a fmnmary way examine into the matter of such petition, and hear what can ami <xamim. or shall be alledged oil either tide for or against the discharge of

lion for or iit-MUiil i)ic

Inch prisoner, and upon such examination the said judges, or one ["'.oi.a; of them, Avail order or directthe clerk of the crown or clerk of oatlnnlw the peace of such county to administer or tender to every such per- to'p'jr.n.'J,'’1 ion the oath herein before directed and appointed to lie taken by a *' lufec Ji-prisoner lecking his dilbharge under this act as aforesaid, before the " ' judges of the court out of which the said original or lirll procels issued, under which such prisoner is or Ilia 11 be imprisoned; and fuci, the said, judges, or one of them. Avail give such judgment, relief "'r"! miyf and directions as the court out of which such process issued as r.w> m"*i ® ~ a*ui

664'

A.D.

i79r. Chap. 2l.

jr>fniit‘i to j fil/it A «c, Ac ;t«-I'cforc; r^i'i-V pc* ti’insi ji»*H

»o

lie trani'iiit-lid to jwlpc if aflhttf, and the fame. to* gctlu'r with a nwmorattdotw ot v/hat {c dune, fciit li.ltk to tc* jritiin on ic* cord.

Si-rciaf pt ifiiiuTs have ia-miiigly cltofcn to con* limit1 i» pri-Mn,

tlit'ir fill)* fiance to the tnjuty of thtfir creditor;

i creditor, or more btrinp partners, to whom tool, doe by any prisoner in city or co. cf . Dublin on the i\\ day of the (vtknm, and 3 months before, and 2 creditors for J50l.

or 3 or more for 2001. m.iy petition a» herein.

The shirtj-fnft Year of George III.

aforesaid may or ought to give, according to and under this act j and the said judges of assize, or one of them, shall cause such prisoner by a short indorsement to assign all his estate, real- and personal, interests and benefits, in like manner as is herein before directed, respecting prisoners brought up to the court out of which the said original or first: process issued, and under which he, she, or they is or are imprisoned, and for that purpose the said court out of winch such process issued, shall and may cause the said petitioner’s original petition and schedule to be delivered over or trar.l-mitted to the said judges of assize, or one of them, and the fame, together with a thort note or memorandum of what shall be done before such judges, or one of them, signed by such judges, or one of them, shall be in the next term after such assizes sent back to liich court as aforesaid, there to remain on record, and what shall be done before such judges of assize, or one of them, and a'l proceedings before them, or one of them as aforesaid, shall be as good and effectual in law, as if the fame had been had or done before such court out of which such process issued as aforesaid.

XXIII. And whereas several persons, prisoners for debt, have seemingly chosen to continue for a length of time in prison, spending and confuining their substance there, and living in a manner bespeaking an ability to make satisfaction in the whole or in part to their juil creditors, but from whom they have contrived to conceal or withhold their estates and effects, to the great injury of many of his Majesty's honed; and industrious fuLjeds, to the great scandal of publick justice, to the diminution of private credit, and the probable prevention of that relief which public policy and national humanity may extend to the honest though unfortunate insolvent; for remedy whereof, and to prevent so great an evil as far as may he, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the jiafiing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one creditor, or any two or more being partners, to whom the sum of one hundred pounds shall be owing by any prisoner for debt, who was in actual custody for debt in any gaol or prison within the city or county of the city of Dublin, or within the county of Dublin, on the first day of this session of parliament, and who had been for three months before that time; and for any two creditors of any such prisoner to whom the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds shall be owing by such prisoner; or for any three or more creditors to whom the sum of two hundred pounds shall he owing by such prisoner, to petition the court out of which any procels hath issued, under which such prisoner shall be then

charged

21.

The thirty-first Year of George III. 665

charged in custody, letting forth that such prisoner is indebted to A.D. him, her, or them respectively as aforesaid, and that such prisoner ,79I-was a prisoner for debt on the first day of this session of parliament, and had been so for three months before that day, and that he, she, or they hath or have good caul’e to believe that such prisoner chooses rather to I'pcml and live on his substance in prison than apply the same to the payment of his just debts, and praying that said prisoner may be ordered to make a full and fair discovery of all his or her estate real and personal, and of all his and her effects and substance whatsoever, to the end that the fame may be applied to the payment of his or her debts, whereupon in case if allegations such creditor or creditors shall verify the allegations in such peti- b)r

tion by affidavit, as to the truth of the debt or debts claimed to be !«>" due to such petitioner or petitioners by such prisoner, and by the and by «r-certificate of the gaolers or keepers of the prison or prisons where of such prisoner shall he or shall have been imprisoned as alordaiib as to the fad of I nch prisoners having been and being in prison as aforesaid, which certificate cvcrv inch gaoler or keeper is hereby to topmlcr required to give c.n payment or tender of one shilling for the talc. fame, then and in every such case the said court shall order'such gaoler or-keeper of the prison wherein such prisoner Hull be to pinner to be bring-such prisoner before such court, on some certain day to -be appointed for that purpose, at the distance of fourteen days at the 1+days from lead from the time of making such order, or before some one of the i,g judges of the said court out of term, in case Inch prisoner shall be *hejihlg". imprisoned within the city or county of the city of Dublin, or the 'county of Dublin, together with a certificate of the cause or causes with ajeti-of his or her detainer, and such prisoner upon being served with a ,f detainer, copy of such order fourteen days before the day appointed for his being brought before such court or judge, shall, and he is hereby prisoner to required to prepare and to bring with him an account or schedule *, containing a true and perfefl: account of all his, her, or their estate l>w«". or eflefts, real and personal, and of all gifts, legacies, charges and benefits to which he or flic is or shall be entitled to, in like manner as prisoners fccking their discharge under this act arc required to do, and such prisoner when so brought before such court or judge, shall exhibit and deliver.upon oath, or if a quaker on solemn astir- fci,cd-:ct, mation, such account or schedule to such court or judge, and shall deii’ercJ

7 jo* tocotut upon

subscribe the fame, and the oath or affirmation to be taken by every <»t!> or affuclt prisoner on exhibiting or delivering such schedule as aforesaid, on the application of any one or more of his or her creditors, shall he in the following words, that is to say,

I. A. B,

666

The thirty-fitjl Year of George III.

A.D. 1 A.B. upon my corporal oath, (or if a quaher on 'my folaim 1791 affirmation) in the presence of Almighty God, do solemnly (wear, (or

2_[j if a quaker do solemnly affirm) protef and declare that the fhednle Oiih. now delivered and by me subscribed, doth contain to the bef of my knowledge, remembrance and belief a full, jnfl, true, and perfcB amount and discovery of all the goods, effects, and estate, real and personal, either in poffiffion, reversion, remainder, or in trufl for me, or for my benefit or advantage unto me in any wise belonging or appertaining, andfuel) debts as are to me owing, or to any person or persons in Infl for me, and of all the securities and contraBs whereby any money now is, or will, or may hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage accrue to me, or to my life, or to any person or persons in trufl for me, and the names and places of abode of the several persons from whom fitch debts are due and owing, and of the witnesses that can prove fitch debts or contraBs, and neither I or any person or persons in infl for me, have any lands, money, foci, or any estate, real or personal, in possession, reversion, or remainder, other than what are in saidfchedulc contained, except wearing apparel, bedding for myself and family, working tolls, and necessary implements for my occupation and calling, and these in the whole not exceeding ten pounds in value, and that I have not, nor any body for me, direct, or indirectly fold, lessened, or olberwife conveyed, disposed of in trufl, or concealed all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, flock, debts, securities, contraBs, or estates, real or personal, whereby to secure the fame, to receive or expeCi any profit or advantage thereof, to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors to whom I am indebted in any wise whatsoever.

So help me God.

if jirifoiier But in case any such prisoner shall desire further time to prepare ther'inwVt account or schedule as aforesaid, then such court or judge

may be al- shall give to such prisoner such further time as shall seem reason-imfonci again able, on the last of which days such prisoner shall again he brought anTfcbei'lule UP the gaoler or keeper as aforesaid before such court if then flf'i 'l or I,e^ore f°me judge thereof, to be named for that pur-

and vended

pole in the order giving further time, and shall then and there on oath. exhibit and deliver such schedule as aforesaid, and shall be required to subscribe the fame, and to verify the fame upon oath as aforesaid.

Prisoner

XXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if rcfufimi'to do prisoner shall neglect or refuse to deliver in such account as aforesaid, and schedule as aforesaid, or shall refuse to subscribe the fame, or

deemed a 7

bankrupt* al* tO

though not a trader,

The thirly-first Year of George III.

laws,

(o verify the fame upon oath as aforesaid, then every such pri-llmcr so neglecting or refilling shall he, and be held, deemed and taken in law to he a bankrupt to all intents and purposes, from the passing of this act, within the true intent and meaning of the several statutes made in this kingdom respecting bankrupts, although such perl’on or persons never was or were a trader or traders, or with the description of a bankrupt contained in such statutes, or either of them, and no further or other act shall be necessary to no oilier aft prove such prisoner to be a bankrupt, than such his refilling or pr.wfbL'k-neglecting to exhibit and deliver in such account and schedule as ,ui'tcy' aforesaid, or rcfuling to subscribe the fame, or to verify the fame upon oath or affirmation as aforesaid, and every such prisoner so neglecting or refilling to exhibit and deliver in such account and schedule of the fame, or to verify the fame upon oath or affirmation as aforesaid, and every such prisoner so neglecting or refilling as aforesaid, and all his or herestates, real and personal, substance and all cltates and effects whatsoever, shall respectively be subject to the several 'a'fj,5 provisions and restrictions, and liable to the several pains, penal- bankrupt ties, disabilities and forfeitures by the laws of this land enacted and provided, respecting the persons and estates of bankrupts and traders becoming such, lave and except the several provisions, pains, penalties, and clauses contained in an act of the seventeenth crccpt 17 & and eighteenth years of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to 18 'exclude traders from the benefit of aiuaEl, entitled, An act to prevent frauds committed by bankrupts, who do not keep regular books of account, and for continuing the said law, and for other purposes; provided always, that before granting Inch order upon such peti- affidavit to tion, it shall appear to the satisfaction of the court by the affidavit creator'*ns of such creditor or creditors so petitioning, that such petition has been actually and bona fide preferred with a view to compel such made by the prisoner to discharge the debts which lie owes, and not by collusion with, or at the deftre of such prisoner.

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the chancellor lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or lord commissioners of the "Xnfffion great seal of this kingdom for the time being, upon application or of bankrupt-petition to him or them, by or on behalf of any creditor or credi- prisoner who tors of such prisoner, and upon affidavit that such prisoner is and Hands indebted to such creditor, if only one, in the sum of one h.cn:i" racn*

Honed,

hundred pounds, or to such creditors, if two, in the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds, or if three, in the sum of two hundred pounds, at the time of such application, shall cause a commission of bankruptcy to pass and issue under the great seal of this kingdom 'Ogainfl; such prisoner, as is usual in the case of traders com-

8 F 2 mining

668 The shirty-first Year of George III.

A.D.

mittrag acts of bankruptcy, according to the laws now in force 1791. respecting bankrupts, and the lord chancellor, lord keeper, and lords commissioners of the great seal for the time being, shall have the like powers, jurisdictions, and authority in all respects wliai-feever, anil shall and may proceed therein as in the case of ordinary bankrupts, and the commissioners named in every such commission shall proceed and aft and have the fame powers as in ordinary cales of bankrupts, and they or the major part of them no farther shall and may declare such prisoner or person bankrupt, without ra°«cyntc"r^’ further proof than that such prisoner or person hath neglected or fary than refilled to exhibit such account and schedule in manner as aforesaid', refafiiis"*0' or hath refilled to Jubleribc and verify the fame upon oath or account'and aH>rmation as aforesaid, and upon every such commission of bank-fcliatiilc'np- -mpt the proceedings anil the legal, eifefts and consequences respefi-procrc.iingj, ing such bankrupt, his estate and effects, creditors and debtors, £2" and respecting all other persons, "shall in all respects be the same as bankruptcy, if such bankrupt had been a trader, and had committed an act of bankruptcy, and a commission of bankruptcy had in the ordinary way', been issued again! him or her, and such bankrupts shall be subject to the fame laws concerning bankrupts, and to the pains fjvc at afore- and penalties thereof, save as aforesaid, and as herein after menti-ofttMuc!"' oiled, and also entitled to the fame allowances and advantages to turned. all intents and purpufes as if he or she had been a trailer, and hail committed an act of bankruptcy, and a commission of bankruptcy bad issued against him or her.

wiicntlie

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority pliraas'afare- aforel"a'?'i That 'n ca*"e fiwh prisoner shall not so refuse or neglect, said, and yet but shall duly exhibit and deliver such true account ami schedule nut fjtislic.l, as aforesaid, and (kill fnhl'cribe the fame, and shall take such oath !my be given or affirmation, verifying the same as aforesaid, but yet some credi-as before di- for Dr creditors of the said prisoner shall be dilfatisiicd therewith.

fcclcilp '

and shall ilclire further time to enquire into, and falsify the fame, such further'time shall'he given as is herein before directed in the like case respecting prisoner* voluntarily leoking their discharge

if accopot under this act; and in case at the end of such further time, such cot^disproved creditor or 'creditors shall not falsify or disprove the said account In creiluor, or schedule, and the said oath or affirmation in any reffieft, and

prisoner dil_' 1

dinged»if the court or courts, judge or judges who shall have power to hear, fcckbig^hc in a luminary way, the matter of the said petition and application, fwne- shall fee no cause to doubt the truth of the dlfcovery of the said prisoner, as to his estate and "effects, then and in such case such court or judge shall discharge and set at liberty every such prisoner in’ the same manner, and with tile fame benefit of such discharge,

and

The thiriy-fveft Year of George III. 669

and of making life of llie fame, as is herein before provided fc. A.D. (peeling prisoners voluntarily feeicing their discharge under this 1791

aft as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in EiUvs, Sic. ail cases where fitch prisoner against wiiom liteii compulsory proceedings shall be had as aforesaid, shall exhibit and deliver such account and schedule of his estate and effects as aforesaid, and shall iMWtaj, fttbferibe and verify the same as aforesaid, and thereupon he dif- maiur'".a charged as aforesaid, the court or judge before whom such prifoiter for

Shall be brought as aforesaid, and who Shall bear the matter of the said petition or application as aforesaid, limit, by a lliort cmlorfc- 5nif,;.c tnent on the back of the said account or schedule, declare that all the estates real and personal, in possession or reversion of the said prisoner or person subscribing the Same as aforesaid, and all his or her substance and effects whatsoever, shall from thenceforth be veiled in one of the mailers of the high court of Chancery, or such other public officer as the said court or judge shall appoint, and the same shall by virtue thereof, and of this act, be from thenceforth absolutely and to all intents and purposes transferred unto, and veiled in such mailer or officer as aforesaid, as tnillee or assignee for all the creditors of the said prisoner or person subscribing such account or schedule as aforesaid, who shall come in and tUl.isto prove their debts before such trullee or assignee within six months, from the time of notice being given in the Dublin Gazette for that n'uwbsficr purpose, which notice shall be given with all reasonable expedition Ca«tK, after the estate and e(lefts shall be so vested in the said truflcc asllul"'’ or assignee as aforesaid, and shall be published three times at the lead; and all the said estates, substance and effects, shall lie divided amongst such creditors, in satisfaction of their respective debts, in like manner as the estate and effects of the prisoners seeking their discharge under this act are herein before directed to he divided; and in case there shall be any surplus, the same shall be delivered imptu*, ;r or paid over, and shall as far as may be necessary, be conveyed or jic,!""1 ,n assigned to, and to the use of such prisoner, his or her executors, administrators, orassigns; but the said truflcc or assignee shall be ?pCrCrr.i. at liberty to deduct out of the estates and effects so vested in them r-

J tiuilcr,

as aforesaid, after the rate of five pounds per centum, for all money and effects which shall come to his hands as trustee or assignee as aforesaid, and which shall be actually divided and paid by him out of the produce of the said estates and effects of such prisoner as aforesaid, for their care and trouble in the execution of the said trull; and shall also be indemnified by, and cut of such estate am]inl! and effects, from all damages, cods, and expences which titev or f-' Vol. XV. S G cither a!'l!r'

6?v

A. IX 1791. - Cl Kip*

2 I.

Slid* jut-

foi;er fuiijcA

t<i like CM-

ruination an thX' vo’hii-taiily fcckisitj relief.

rrifoft'T v!io shall cx-fiii li accmint and fclu-diilc ;i[>-in oath not (Ururd a bankrupt.

Compulfo* rycourses nut to all* 61 tnortt:act*i X,c. prou’otis-)y made,

all such ertf-

ditm< to lie jniil out of cftVris according to ptiu-ri:y,

file of estate with. ut ftaud. before the first day of this fdli-on, nut to lie atTectctl, nor any order of court as herein,

The thirt]-frjl Year of George III.

either of them may he put to by reason of the trust aforesaidj which they may deduct cut of such estate and effects in the lirft piacc.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such prisoner again!: whom such compulfor.y proceedings shall be had as aforesaid, shall lie obliged to undergo the like examination from time to time, on the application of such trullee or assignee, of Ilia estate and effects aforesaid, as prisoners voluntarily seeking their difeluirge are by this act required to undergo, and iilbjed to the like commitment ami imprisonment for refilling to appear or answer upon oath as herein-before is provided respecting the said other prisoners.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where such prisoner again (I whom such compulsory proceedings Hull he had as aforesaid, shall exhibit and deliver Inch account and fcliedulc as aforesaid, containing a true account of all his real and personal substance and effects what-Ibever, and shall subscribe and verify the fame upon oath or affirmation as aforesaid, then and in that case no commission of bankrupt shall issue, nor shall such person or prisoner be a bankrupt according to the provisions herein before made, for cases where such prisoner shall neglect or refuse, as is before mentioned.

XXX. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained respecting the estate and effects of prisoners against whom such compulsory course shall be had and purfiicd as aforesaid, shall prejudice or hurt in any wise, or impeach any mortgage, judgment, statute-merchant, statute-staple,' recognizance, or other security heretofore made by any such prisoner as aforesaid, bona fide, and for good and valuable considera-lioq, or any elegit or execution or other proceedings thereon; but all and every the creditor or creditors, person and persons claiming under the fame, shall be paid, and shall be entitled to satisfaction out of the estates and effects of such prisoner, according to such degree and priority, as lie, (lie, or they is or are ehtitled to, or would have been entitled to, if this act had not been made, nor shall any sale or conveyance of any part of the estate of such prisoner made bona fde, or for a real consideration, and without any fraud, collusion, or intent to defraud his or her creditors, before the first day of this session of parliament, be affected, or impeached in any wise howsoever; neither shall any decree or order of any court of equity for a foreclosure or sale, or for relief of any fair and honest incumbrancer or creditor be in any wise

' delayed,

TU 1 Vi,;- of George III. 671

tiii.ived, hindered, or a-TccU-J by tins aft, but the Lime shall be A. TX proceeded on, and carried into execution, as if this act had never l79l-been made; and in case there Shall be any fundus alter fuh.fying jj

t’r.e laid decree or order, iucit ftu'plus and iiteii lurpliiucs only, ilnn!-.:. :.it-r shall be rendered to the aliiguee or trulk-e under this act, to lw '

applied as the other parts of the said debtors ellato shall be !ia-Ida to be, any thing herein before contained to the contrary not- =iuKi:cc. withstanding.

XXXI. Provided always nevertheless, Th.at all rtuivcvaiice', A':r=t:C.;. assignments, and incumbrances made by Inch prisoner with a frau-

ilulent purpose to conceal or secret his or her estate or eftl-fts, or allli "'A whereby his or her creditors may he duranded or hindered of their just debts, shall be absolutely null and void, and the aliignee or ami ilr »r-trustee in whom the efute and cflefts of Inch piifonor, according to the meaning and intent of this act, would otherwise be, shall 1,1 be absolutely seized and possessed thereof, and be entitled thereto, and may fell, convey, and dispose thereof, notwithstanding any fitch conveyance, alignment, or incumbrance, as if none Inch was made; lave only that if it fiia.ll appear that any sum or sums of if air mam-money shall have been really and bona juk paid or advanced for a, or on the lame, then the person or persons so having paid or [ advanced, Hull have a lieu on inch estate and effects, for so much v.i.k iucn-il. as shall have been so actually and bona fnfe paid and advanced, with interest for the fame, and for no more.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ivovision? That the provisions herein before made with respect to prisoners voluntarily seeking their discharge under this act as aforesaid, who voluntarily shall wilfully forswear themselves, or who shall conceal any of their iniiVaTcc*.'1'1 effects as aforesaid, and all pains and penalties provided in that

behalf, shall hold and take place fully, and in all respects as to and o.-cou«al against prisoners and pet-fons against whom such compulsory pro- m

ceedings shall be Itad as aforesaid, and all fetch prisoners and persons wilfully forswearing themselves, and concealing any part ol their estate and effects, shall be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, and of felony without benefit of clergy, in like manner, and under the like circumstances, as such prisoners voluntarily seeking their discharges under this act would have been.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Ferfm That in case any person or persons hath or have accepted of any

trust or trulls under any conveyance, alignment or otherwise, as uultiumfcr to any part <jf the estates and effects of any prisoner voluntarily &c. to con-seeking his or her discharge under this act, or against; whom such "j cc£"" compullory ccurfc or proceedings shall be ljad or purl'ped as afore- j|f :,"r if-

8 G 2 u.ct ami

dtu:i»lc the value covered,

Gjz The thirty first Year of George III.

A.D. ' raid, whereby any part of such estates or cffcdls shall be concealed 1791. from the assignee or trustee thereof, ami shall knowingly conceal Chap. 51. the fame, or shall wilfully neglect to discover the same to such . assignee or trustee respectively, every such person and persons shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and double the value of the estate and effects covered by such trust, or concealed by him or :her,' to he recovered by action of debt, -bill, plaint, or information . in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, wherein r.o tlloign, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance jM-nali > ur ill all' be allowed; and every such penalty or forfeiture shall belong douMem'ilf to 'llm or ^cr inform- or i'ue for the fame, together with

to go 10 ia- double costs.

"such pri- XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, charged from That prisoners delivering in such account and ichedule as before further ar- mentioned, and being discharged from their imprisonment thereon, rje/fJ/pri- shall have the like benefit cf being discharged from further arrests h!g ihcir'di'f- ant* "nprisonment of their persons for, or in respect of any former ch.ogc. . debt, as is herein before provided for, and given to prisoners seek-. ing their discharge under this act.

The fore-

XXXV. And be it further enacteil by the authority aforesaid, non* as°to" That the foregoing provisions, as to a compulsory proceeding no'npn against prisoners for debt in any gaol or prison within the city,

ToMtmdtn and county of the city of Dublin, and county of Dublin, shall H:^r;r,:Tu extend to all prisoners for debt who were, or have been such pri-moved as . foners, at and for the times before mentioned in that respedi in any other gaol of this kingdom, in case such prisoners, or any of them, shall be removed by due course of law, from such other gaol or prison, into any fuclt gaol or prison within the city, or county of the city of Dublin, or county of Dublin.

Proceedings

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority under iWs aforesaid,' That ail orders, rules, affidavits, adveitisements, notices

act not li.ible \ 1

u> Hump duty, mid proceedings to be made, -nfed, pubhfned, or in any wise had towards, or in order to the obtaining the discharge of any such prisoner as aforesaid, or towards the creditors of any such prisoner obtaining a satisfaction of his, her, or their just debts, by the means of this act, shall not be liable orfultjedl to any /lamp, or stamp duty whatsoever.

Prisoners

XXXVII. And whereas it may so happen, that prisoners for

abiT "prefer ^ht as aforesaid, meaning and desirous to seek their discharge un-

peiitionsor der this act, may not be able to prefer their petitions to the-court

obtain an e , r

order before Out or which tile process timed, under -which they are imprisoned,

Michaelmas, an(j to 0|,ta;, an ori]er for being brought up to such court, as is

herein before directed, before Michaelmas term next, or to the next

assizes,

'The thirty-frjl Tsar of George III. 675

aifr/cs, where such prisoners are imprisoned in gaols or prifo.ns out A.D. t;i the city, or county of the city of Dublin, or out of the county 1791 of Dublin, whereby many such prisoners, just objects of this act, nay be left to languish in prison for many months, for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That not only any j'n!j:c th.e court aforesaid, to whom any such petition rttall or ought to ’SXr'uf! be presented by any such prisoner as aforesaid, but also any one or 'ii'J«i. m >;, n,ore of the judges of such court, out of term and out of court in aiul out t f the vacation, upon any such petition, presented by any such pri- pXXr'rll'k-f mer, voluntatilv fee-king his or her dilcharee under this act, pvc- lruii.-,r!:c

°, c , to lie limiigi.t

fented to such judge or judges, he or they, by order under his heroic him, or their hand or hands, may order every inch prisoner in prison within any gaol or prison within the city and county of the city of Dublin, or county of Dublin, to be brought during the vacation out of term, before such judge or judges at his or their own

house or houses, or elsewhere, or before the recorder of the city,

77 , orhrfo-ctl.e

of Dublin, at some or any general quarter sessions of the peace mm At ..f

for the said city or county of the city of Dublin, or at any adjourn- i),ji)j;!,'n‘I‘ ment thereof, ir.ftcad of such prisoners being ordered to be brought ji"r ra' lip to such court out of which the said original or (irft procets

issued as aforesaid, as herein before directed, and such judge or judges out of court, or the said recorder and justice of the peace at Inch general quarter sessions, or some adjournment thereof rc-spectively, the recorder aforesaid being one present, shall have and are hereby inverted with all such and the like juri(’diction, power, and authority to hear, determine, aft, and do in all things towards JmXXai.r the discharge of such prisoner, and to discharge inch prisoner from Jj^J1 l>rour5 his imprisonment, as is hereby given to such court, out of which such process issued under which such prisoner is or shall be imprisoned as aforesaid, and to cause such assignment of such prisoners

estate and effects, and to act and to do in all respects touching

such prisoner so vo'untarily seeking his or her discharge under this ’aft, as such last mentioned court might, could or ought to have done, if such prisoner had been brought before such court in term time, and all due proceedings in respect of such prisoner had been

i'lltl

v l>r» l. before j|,c

carried on in such court, and such judge or judges as aforesaid, in <i", vacation out of term, shall and may also, upon a like petition of l,p u 1,1

any prisoner for debt, in any other county gaol or prison in this i"«JuJji-; kingdom, by like order as aforesaid, order such prisoner or prison- K, JC ers as last aforesaid, to be brought lip before the going judges of c

affree, in like manner as is herein before provided, as to the >wli iLai ,i courts out of which the original, or first proed's ili'ucd, under i, X Hjj!;,. which such prisoner is, or shall he confined as aforesaidl, and the !r"uk lI'1' Vol. XV. 8 H order

6/4

The thirty-frjl Year of George III.

A.D.

order of such judge or judges as aforesaid, in the particular afore-170 find, shall have the fame force and efieft as the order of such court vIl-v'Lj 'n ,'l2t rc*Pe^ would have had; and the judges of assize, or one of tlicm, shall have, and are, and is hereby veiled with the fame power and authority, and shall and may aft and do in all things

i,i and touching the discharge of such prisoner, and touching his c Hate anil cHefts, as if such prisoner was brought before them or him under an order of such court as aforesaid, according as is herein before enacted and provided in that respect, and ail and every prisoner or prisoners petitioning such judge or judges as aforesaid, or obtaining his, her, or their discharge out of prifou in the vacation as aforesaid, shall be in all respects circumstanced, and Hull he liable to the fame pains and incapacities, and be entitled to the fame benefits as be, flic, or they would have been, if the proceeding to obtain his, her,-or their discharge as aforesaid, hail been carried oil and obtained in the court out of which such process ililted as aforesaid in full term.

XXXVIII. Whereas persons now in custody, under process of the courts ol law, have heretofore endeavoured to obtain the benefit of an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign- of his pre-sunt Majesty, entitled, An act for the relief of insolvenl debtors, with rcljicft to the imprisonment of their persons by fraud and No to Ton iniposition on such courts, be it enacted, That no person shall be

nmtlad to Ins cntit]cc] to his discharge under this act, or under the said recited

unfanatge im- o

<ic. it. > an, aft, who shall lie proved by the oath of one or more credible Mln/iic.l'i tie* witness or witnesses, before the court out of which such original

h or Proce's issued, and to which such prisoner’s petition has

Jlj

or fn d! pro- been presented, or such judge or judges, or other person who to'rcMmit" Hull, by the provisions of this act, be appointed or enabled to a affidavit determine the merits of the said petition to have set forth in the

to lie made, 4

an) untruthi affidavit, to be by him or her made in pursuance of this act, cr of the said receited act, or Hull procure the gaoler or person in whose custody he or (lie are, or have been, to set forth in the affidavit to be by them made, any matter or fast which is not true, in order to entitle themselves to the benefit of this or of the said receited act; and it shall and may be lawful for such court, judge or judges, or other person lb determining the merits of the said petition, at his or their discretion, to determine on the truth of such charge, and annex to such petition a certificate; and if by such certificate lie shall be declared guilty of such charge, in such case. the prisoner or petitioner so olfentling and convicted in manner aforesaid, shall forfeit all benefit of this or the said receited act.

the judge to determine the tiuth of such charge, is hereto.

The ihiri'j-first Year of George III. 675

XXXIX. And whereas Peter Adams, late of Benjerftown, in A.D. the county of Meath, gentleman, hath by unforeleen accidents be- come insolvent: and whereas all the property of the said Peter i>cUr a.-Adams hath been fold under a decree of the court of Chancery, j’J" "ff for the benefit of his creditors, be it therefore, on the petition of r.u ik- k-the said Peter Adams, enacted, That the said Peter Adams may ait on fame have the full benefit of this act, and be discharged from his debts, so far as relates to the freedom of his person only, upon the fame l"' terms, and subject to the same rules, as if he had been in aftnal custody on the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Eouf.i of contained'(hall extend, or he eonfirued to extend to Timothy Cal'ey, late of Kiltoia, in the county of Cork, farmer, and now a prisoner pcifmi!. line in the gaol of the county of Cork, James Brady, late of Coole, in the county of Westincath, and now a prisoner confined in the gaol of Mullingar, Martin Murphy, and James Neale, both of the city of Waterford, now prisoners in the gaol of the said city,

Mary Fitzmaurice, of the city of Dublin, widow, now a piilbner in the four courts marshalsea in the said city, or any of them, hut that they, the said Timothy Casey, James Brady, Martin Murphy,

James Neale, Mary Fitzmaurice, and each of them, shall be, and they are hereby excluded from the benefit of this act.

CHAP. XXII.

An Act to extend the Provisont of an Act passed in the Twenty-ftrjl and Twenty-frond Tears of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for efablifning a Bank by the Name of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An at7 for efablifning a bank by the name of the governor and-company of the bank of Ireland, it is enacted, That his Majesty, his heirs and successors, might by commission under the great seal of Ireland, authorize and appoint any number of persons at any time after the first day of August then next, to take and receive all such voluntary subscriptions as fiimild be made on or before the first day of January in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four by any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politic or

Red'a1 Si 2 2 0

21

3-

b’ H 2

corporate.

r76 Tie thirty-first Year of George III.

A.D.

corporate, for and towards railing and paying into the re-1791. d-ipi of his Majesty's treasury in this kingdom, the sum of six hundred thousand pounds sterling, to be paid in money, or by debentures issued from his Majesty's treasury, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament made in this kingdom, bearing an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and that such debentures should be taken at par from such fu'bscriber or subscribers, and be considered as money by the persons to whom the fame should be paid, for which sum so to be subscribed, a Turn by way of annuity equal in amount to the interest upon such debentures at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, should be paid at his Majesty's treasury in manner in the said act mentioned; and it is also enacted, that his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-eessors might by letters patent under the great seal of Ireland, amongst other- things, incorporate all and every such subscribers and contributors, their executors, administrators, futcessors, or assigns, to be one body politic and corporate, by the name of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland; and by the name of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, to have pepetual succession and a common seal, subject nevertheless to the proviso or condition of 'redemption therein after mentioned; and it is by the said act provided and enacted, that at any time upon twelve months r.otiee after the first day of January, one thousand liven hundred and ninety-four, to be published in the Dublin Gazette, by order of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and upon payment by parliament to the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or their successors, as well of the said sum of six hundred thousand pounds in like debentures, and subject to the'like interest of four pounds per centum, as of all arrears of the annual sum of twenty-four thousand pounds in the said act mentioned without any deduction, then and in such case the said annuity of twenty-four thousand pounds, and every part thereof, together with 6~n,oco1. WES the said corporation, shall cease and determine: And where-«mioinNd as 'n pursuance of the said act the sum of six hundred lliou-tubWi'ii'5 l)0,lni^ was subscribed and paid by such debentures

'"cor- as aforesaid, and his Majesty by letters patent under the

I'orauJ.

£rc:it leal of this kingdom, incorporated the subscribers thereof into one body politic and corporate, by the name of the

Tie thirly-frjf Year of George III. 677

the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, be it A.D. emitted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with '79 ' the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That such pai l of the said recited provi- partnfrm\,i lion contained in the fame ad, as relates to the determining 'c of the said annuity of twenty-four thou land pounds per annum, and the said corporation of the governor and company governor and of the bank of Ireland, upon the notice and payments there- nj-u?Cau. in mentioned, shall be, and is hereby repealed, and that the said governor and' company of the bank of Ireland, and all ainiitin,

1 . &c. for ever,

their fuceeflprs for ever, shall remain, continue, and be one body" corporate and politic, by the name of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland aforesairl, and shall for ever have,- receive, and enjoy the said annuity of twenty-four thou find pounds, together with all abilities, capacities', powers, authori-tics, franchises, exemptions, privileges; profits and advantages whatsoever to which the said governor and company of she bank of Ireland now are, or before the making of this act were infilled by the said recited act and charter, and the said governor and company, and their fuc- amtfr. c. 1 ccflors, shall be,- and are freed and discharged from1 the said t;,", , Jr"V condition' of redemption; dcinpuo".

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That at any time Tliecom-upotv twelve months notice after the 'first day of January, 5?SaUtL whiclv will he in the year one thou fund eight hundred and sixteen,- Vo' be published in the Dublin Gazette, by order the teremnamnl,

1 t t at tiivir own

lord lieutenant,- or other chief governor or governors of this ilciirc, by kingdom'for the time being, that the said company shall' be difiolved, and upon re-payment by parliament to the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or their succesl’or S, as well of the said sum of six hundred thousand pounds- in1 debentures as of all arrears of the said annuity without any deduction, or at any time previous to the said first' day of January, one thousand eight hundred and sixteen, upon like rc-payment, by and with the desire and consent of the said- governor and company, to be signified by them by their petition in writing sealed with their common seal, and addressed to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, then and-in-such case the said annuity shall from and Vol. XV. S I after

200.CC01. tO he subscribed hefmc 24 June, 1796,

and the remainder on or before 24

June 1801,

to be paid as directors shall appoint.

subscrlptions deemed pan of the i apital and iifed nc* coidii'^ly,

subscribers incorpointed after full payment,

The thirty-first Year of George III.

after the expiration of twelve months after such notice published ccafe, the said corporation shall be dissolved.

III. And in order to promote the extension of public credit, and to further the commerce of this kingdom, bo it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said governor and company, and they are hereby authorized and impowered so soon as they shall think proper to receive fub-feriptions from any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politic or corporate, for enlarging their capital stock or fund of six hundred thousand pounds, in any sum not exceeding the further sum of four hundred thousand pounds capital stock, so as to make their whole capital stock the sum of one million of pounds; provided that two hundred thousand pounds thereof at least, shall be subscribed for and paid on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and the remainder thereof on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred and one, which subscriptions shall be made, and the money for such additional flock shall be paid in such manner and form, and by such installments or proportions as the court of directors of the bank shall from time to time appoint; and the capital stock so subscribed and paid for, shall from and after the time of such payment be deemed and taken as and for a part of the capital stock of- the said corporation, and shall be employed and used by them in discount, or in any other manner in which by law the monies of the said bank may be employed, and the subscribers thereto from and after the time of making full payment for such additional flock, and their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, shall at all times be members of the said corporation, and incorporated therein, and shall be entitled unto, and have, hold, and enjoy all the benefits, privileges, advantages, and immunities, and be subject and liable to all the regulations, rules and orders to which the present flock-

holders and members of the said corporation in respect of the flock held by and belonging to them, are respectively intitled subject and liable unto by the said act of parliament and charter, ox by any bye-law of the said corporation or addiimnal lOtherwifo howsoever, and the said additional flock shall be fenbic', Tc. transferable and assignable in like manner, and the proprietors and holders thereof shall hold their respective shares of the said additional flock in like manner as the respective present

The thirty-jirji Year of George III.

font flock-holders of the said corporation now do, and hereafter shall hold and enjoy the respective sums now belonging to them in the present capital stock of the said corporation; and the same shall in all respects be consolidated and united as one joint stock.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said corporation shall and may, from time to time, make and pay the like dividends to the proprietors of the said additional flock, as they shall make and pay to the proprietors and holders of the present flock of the said corporation, the first of which dividends shall commence from such time, as shall be specified in the proposals or terms to be offered for such subscription by the said court of directors.

V. Provided always, That the said court of directors shall, and they are hereby required to give the option and preference in subscribing for the said additional flock, to such persons as shall hold the flock of the said bank, at the time or times of such subscription as aforesaid, so far as, and not exceeding upon the whole of the said sum of four hundred thousand pounds, the amount of sixty-six pounds thirteen shillings and four pence per centum, on the said capital, flock of six hundred thousand pounds, which shall be then held by each flock-holder so subscribing, and in the fame proportion for any sum less than the said sum of four hundred thousand pounds, which may from time to time be subscribed for and paid, pursuant to the proposals or terms to be offered for such subscription, by the said court of directors.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case any person after having subscribed, shall fail to make any of the payments agreed at the respective times appointed for making such payments, then and in every such case, all deposites and payments made by such defaulters, previous to such default, shall be forfeited to, and become the properly of the said corporation; and in such case, and in case all the proprietors of the said capital stock of six hundred thousand pounds, shall not subscribe for their respective proportions of the said sum of four hundred thousand pounds, then such deficiency shall be disposed of to such others of the said proprietors of the said capital stock of six hundred thousand pounds, as shall be willing to subscribe for the fame, in

8 I 2 such

Dividends to be imdc as herein.

Preference to be given to Itock holders, In the proportion heiu.i tpecilied.

In failure of payment at any appointed time, all <le-pofites forfeited,

if all proprietors of (lock do not fub-ferihe for their proportions, the deficiency to be difjfofed of to such others as are willing.

When 4oo»cccl. shall he Itih-fcished, lltC

rotporafion may borrow a;iy sum not exemting a Tllillio.l.

Sums to be paid into the treafmy, as ay iced u|H>n, for the life of ImMajcIly.

If either of the fnm> of 200.C001. flinll not he paid on ot he* iotc the linns

mentioned, the corporation shall not receive hi ndit by thi# and may be diffnlvtd, as by recited act,

fuhfenhers ioumhW the 4oo, C-Ool. t.» be repaid as herein

The thlrij-frjl Year of George III.

such proportions as aforesaid, or in default of their Atb-feribing for the fame, to such other persons as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from the time the said sum of four hundred thousand pounds shall be subscribed and paid in, the said corporation may borrow or give ftcti-rity for any sum or films, so that they shall not owe at any one time more, than a sum equal to the said Aim of one million, any thing in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas the enereafing of the said capital stock to one million, in manner aforesaid, will be produdiive of great profit to the proprietors of the said flock, and it is reasonable that a proportion of such profit shall accrue to the public, be it enacted, That such sum or sums of money as have been agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, and the governor and company of the said bank, to be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time or times as have bee so agreed upon, shall be received by the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers of this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, at such time or times, for the support of his Majesty's government, and shall be accounted by him Or them accordingly.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the said respective sums of two hundred thousand pounds, and two hundred thousand pounds, or either of them, or any part of them, shall not be subscribed for and paid, on or before flic respective times herein before for that purpose mentioned, then the said governor and company of the said bank, or the proprietors of the said flock thereof, shall not receive any benefit by this adjt, and the said corporation shall- be subject to he dissolved at the time, and in the fame mantlet, and upon the terms mentioned in the said recited- act, any tiling herein contained to file contrary notwithstanding; and1 in such case every person who shall have subscribed and paid any Ann towards the said sum of four hundred1 thou (end pounds, flinll be intifled to-, and receive from-, and be repaid1 by the said governor and' company, such sums as shall have been- subscribed for and paid by them respecti-vely, with such interest or dividend for the fame, during the time it shall remain deposited in- the said bank, as any proprietor of any part of the said capital stock (hall' be then intitled- ftr in rofpe£l thereof.

CHAP.

The thir/j-fif. Year of George III.

CHAP. XXIII.

(58 r.

A.D. 1791.

An Act to amend an Act, Entitled, An Act to prevent the PraHiee of fcditcing Artificers and ManufaBurers of this Kingdom, and of exporting the federal Tools and Ulenfth made Use of in preparing and working up the ManufaHiires thereof into Parts beyond the Seas.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of Rfc'u'-5 his Majesty's reign, entitled, An aid to prevent the practice of fcditcing artificers and mannfailurers of this kingdom, and of exporting the several tools and ntenjils tnade use of in preparing and working up the manufaBurcs thereof into parts beyond the seas, certain provisions were enacted to prevent any person from carrying out of this kingdom, to any place except to Great Britain, or to some of the dominions of the crown of Great Britain, any tolls or utensils used in, or proper for working up, or finiffiing any of the liianufactures therein mentioned, and forfeitures were inflicted on any person offending therein: and whereas the exportation of tolls and utensils used in certain other manufactures of this kingdom, will be equally injurious thereto, be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven rerfont Pm-hundred and ninety-one, if any person in this kingdom shall load ST&c.'at’ or put on board, or cause to be loaded or put on board of any 5,'"^"'°, Blip, vessel, or boat, which shall not be bound directly to some iiouiidtoforac port or place in this kingdom, or Great Britain, or to some of the nimuofGicat dominions of the crown of Great Britain, any machine, engine, Bnt:ul,> tool, press, paper, utensil or implement whatsoever, commonly used in, or proper for the preparing, working, or finishing of any manufacture of, or in ftecl, iron, brass, or other metal, or of any manufactures in said act mentioned, or any parts or parcels of any such machine, tool, or implement, by whatever name or names any such machine, tool, or implement shall or may be called or known, or any model, [dan, or description of any machine, tool,

or implement used in, or proper for the preparing, working up, or finishing of any of the said manufactures; every such machine, cmyma-tool, or implement, and every part thereof, and every such model, mo'j-i, >.c’ plan, or description, shall be foricited; and every person so offend- r,ir'1’

YoI. XV. 8 K ir-g.

CRl The thirty frrjl Year of George III.

A.D. 1ng, dial] -for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred 1 701 - pounds, to he recovered in such manner, as by the said act is pre-

icri!

>ed in respect of any forfeiture for any rnnilar offence against ami acol. the said act; and in case any such machine, tool, or implement, or auf I'lan, or description thereof, shall be loaded or put on

iifudJs hoard of any fitin, vessel, or boat, which shall he bound to any

lnilllKl l.> Bri- ’ 1

tish domini- port cr place in tins kingdom to Great Britain, or to soir.e of the dcurhy^a^ dominions of'ihc crown of Great Britain,’the mailer or commander Mll";rjJhy df every such drip, vciTJ, or boat, shall give the like fecitrity by bond, with the like condition as by the said act is required in respect of so.putting on board any of the tools or utensils in the said act mentioned-; and such certificate thereof shall be given, as by the said act is required, and -every ship, boat, or vessel, which shall have on board any such machines, tools, or implements, or any such model, plan, or description thereof as -aforesaid, 'before -such security and certificate shall he given, with all her guns, ammunition, and apparel shall be forfeited, which forfeiture shall -be recovered, and the produce thereof -disposed of in such -manner as in the said act is directed, in the case-of any ship, vessel, or boat forfeited thereby.

II. And be it enacted, That every officer of his Majesty's cu(-toms or cxciic in this kingdom be, and he is hereby impowered to seize and fame any machines, tools, or implements, or models, plans, or descriptions thereof, by this act-prohibited to be exported, as fully ashy the said act-such officer is impowered to seize and secure any of the tools or implements thereby prohibited to be exported, and such machines, tools or implements, models or plans, fusil be disposed of as in the said -aft is mentioned; and every captain or-matter of any ship, vessel, or boat, -who shall knowingly permit any such machines, tools or implements, or models, plans, or descriptions thereof as aforesaid, to be exported, which are by this act prohibited, shall incur such forfeiture and incapacity, as in the said act is prescribed with respect to any offence against the said act committed by any captain or matter of any iliip, vessel, or boat; and every officer of the revenue who -shall take, or knowingly or willingly flutter to be taken, any entry outward, or fha! if"

a*ccit«fieatc la be gtvcu.

if no security ?.tul cci tili-CMc jjivm, fee

fyrfciltJ.

Ouiccrsniny a- l-y rcciud jit;

captain'!, kc. 'iidlt’c to !i!;c prn iltics a* iu'flifled by recitt.il act

revenue n:tt-ccrd tubject to ),ke ju-ii i tu:«.

5:i*. at by ;c-

Citfi! jet.

Hn any cockct, warrant, or firfferance for the shipping, or exporting of any of the machines, tools or implements, -plans or models hv this act prrliilited, shall incur such forfeiture and incapacity, as is hv the bid aft innifted for any fmiilar offence, to be re- covered and dhj oied of in the fame-manner, as in the said act is mentioned, rest cftl.eg the same.

Tie thirtj-f,rJ} Year of George III. C83

III. And be it further enacted, That if any apprentice, or per- A.D. fen bound by indenture to serve in any trade or rnyfiery, iha!, ,791-during his or her apprenticeship, elope or run away from his or ^]1[)irl.,;a. her mailer or mistress, or wilfully refuse to learn, or to work at or

J . oilcrwile i>f-

the trade or mystery to which he or she is bound, or shall wiilully fii-hng as

cut, deface, spoil, or by mismanagement or neglect injure any 'ua"‘

work, or any loom, tool, or materials intrusted to him or her,

every such apprentice upon conviction thereof before any inagif-

trate, upon the oath of one or more credible witness, shall be im- n,i!l he'm.

prisoned for any time not exceeding three months for every time

he cr (lie shall be guilty of any such offence, and every magistrate

' 0 In Tot cauy

is hereby authorized and required to hear all complaints, and ad- nngiilute,

miniller the necessary oaths, and issue the necessary warrants for

carrying this act into execution. ’

CHAP. XXIV.

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Tenth Year of King George the Firf, Entitled, An Act for continuing and amending of the Law: in Relation to Butler and Tallow, and the Casks in which such Goods are to be made up, and in Relation to the curing of Hides, and making up Beef and Pork for Exportation, and for the preventing the Defruition of Salmon.

WHEREAS an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of R«ii 1 his late Majesty King George the lirft, entitled, An act for eontinuing and amending of the laws in relation to butter and tallow, and the cases in which such goods are to be made up, and ul relation to the curing of hides, and making up of beef and pork for exportation, and for the preventing the df ruction (ffa/inoii; which said act was explained and amended by another act made in the twelfth year of his late Majesty's leign, entitled, An act for explaining and amending an ail, entitled, An act for continuing and amending of the laws in relation to batter and tallow, and the enfs in which such goods are to be made up, and 'til relation to the curing oj hides, and making up of beef and pork jor exportation, and j-r preventing the defriiilion of salmon; which said acts have been amend- v.rc

eii, and further continued by several acts to the end ct the tef.toti ""^,.^4 of parliament, in the twenty-fu ll: year C’l the reign of h:s iate Majesty King George the l’ceond; and by an act inane in this 1.n;<m asi 8 K l kingdom "v

684 The thirty-frjl Terr of George III.

A.D. kingdom U\ the twenty-fiift year of his said late Majesty's reign, 1791. entitled, An eel for reviving, continuing, and amendingseveral tun. Uiap. 24. penary fainter, tire said acts were amended and further continued to the twenty-ninth day of September, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and from thence to the end of the ( then nest session of parliament; and by an act passed in the fifth

nv/uf ..'on year of his present Majesty, entitled, An aEi for continuing, reviving and amending f viral temporary fainter , and for empowering the grand jury of the county of Kilkenny, at the affixes, to encrease the yearly fillr.ry of the treasurer of the said county; the

i. id In- n c.

i'. air.u.iu-rl ‘Old mi tti tad I'1 H}

aujl.y s- G 3-

so fa* -as ic* laid

J.its :o Imt-

»«i ami tal- ing_

1 W, c\C whit

uiii- j I’.icUs s»nd and

It.i.UlU' tip I ttrfam! p n!;, alter

u-ith ss'teta- timn

tit'Jl?, \v. CiintumcJ to the

a«jt!i Jsvjit. l-«n.

tner.

making up hcef and pork for exportation, with the several r.tions and amendments therein contained, was further cen-:d until the twenty-ninth day of September, which will he in /car one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and from ce to tim end of the then next session of parliament; which laid Lift recited act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as it relates to the continuing and amending the said laws in relation to butter and tallow, and the casks in which inch goods are to be made up, and for the curing of hides, and malting up beef and pork for exportation, is found by experience to be extremely useful, and therefore fit to be continued, with such alterations and amendments as by this act are made therein; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesir, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled and by the authority of the same, That the said Iafl: receited act, so far as it relates to the continuing and amending of the said laws in relation to butter and tallow, and the casks in which such goods are to be made up, and for the curing of hides, and making up beef and pork for exportation, with the several alterations and amendments herein after contained, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September,

which will be in the year of our lord one thousand eight hundred

}Hi]K,wuhtke J 0

akciatious, and twelve, and from thence to the end of the then next session c'ultlnmlto of parliament, and no longer.

Mh-end*’ *° *e elK^ that the several rules, regulations, orders,

and directions in this and the said last recited acts mentioned and contained, may he strictly ohierved, and faithfully and truly executed in the city of Cork, which is a place of great export; be it er.acted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for.

fakl last recited ail, To Far as iudates to continuing and amending fisc! !atv< relative to 1ml* tci ami id-liny, and Curing hides «:td making up l-ecf and

id tht next fv

The thirtj-fiijl Year of George III.

for his Majesty, his heirs ami fueccftors, 10 appoint one or more persons to be weigh-master or weigh-mallers of the city of Cork, from anti after the end of the session of parliament next after the twenty-ninth day of September, in the year one thousaiul ('even hundred and ninety-one, with the like ices payable, and in the same manner recoverable, for the trouble, charges and expellees ..which they shall he at in the execution of the said oflice or offices, and subject to the like removal for miibe’naviour,'with liberty of appeal, and to the fame conditions, rules, regulations, orders, di-rcflions, under the fame penalties as the prei'ent weigh-master or weigh-masters of the said city of Cork is now liable to by the said last mentioned acts; which laid oflice or offices shall from and after the end of the next lellion of parliament next after the twenty-ninth day of September, in the year one thousaiul seven hundred and ninety-one, he executed by the persons lb to be appointed his or their deputy or deputies, to be by him or them nominated or appointed.

III. And be it enacted, That upon the death, relignarion, or removal of the perfems so to he appointed, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successor.s, to appoint other person or persons in the place of him or them so dying, resigning, or removed, and that all persons enjoying the said oflice or offices shall hold such office or offices during their good behaviour rel'pectively.

Hisi Majtllr may ftppmnt a ivcigh matter or weigh martcisof the city of Cm I:, a’tcr tiu* eml of the fttium after 2:j Sept,

*791.

with the like feus

and subject to like removal, rule.', &c, as the present wciglwnaltcr.

Upon the death, j/fig* nation, o> ic-moval of the person to be appointed, his MajrJly may appoint ani>' liter.

CHAP. XXV.

An Act to discharge such Recognizances entered into for the Appearance and Prosecution of Offenders, as mere forfeited before the Eighteenth Day of January, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and for more effectually executing the Green Wax Process.

WHEREAS many recognizances which have been forfeited by persons bound for the appearance or prosecution of persons charged with crimes, have for many years remained in force, upon which process from time to time hath HTucd, without producing any good esscdt, and yet many grievances and hard-ships under colour and by abuse thereof, hath been imposed upon his Majesty's subjects; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and con-Vol. XV. 'SI. ' sent

[Preamble.]

686

A.D.

'791-Chap. 25.

Recognizances for appearanccB or profeention (iiightrcafon and murder neetpted) forfeited before 18‘thjan. 1787, for ever difclimged.

If any sheriff, collector of forfeited recognizances, or any other person employed to execute the green wax prucefs, &c. or any person for their use, shall demand or receive any gift of any kind* or any security, 4c.

for any money* g'fti See. for not executing such proeefs, &c. or for delaying the fame,

or accept a less sum than mentioned in pioccfs, or make any false return,

such fticriff, roileftor, bailiff or other person shall forfeit treble the amount to every person changed in every such proctf',

The thirty-frji Year of George III.

sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and corntnorti in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the faine, That' all.recognizances which have been forfeited by periods bound for the appearance or prosecution of persons charged with any'crinits or offences whatsoo'ver (high' treason and murder' excepted) and which have been forfeited before the eighteenth day of January, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, aild which are now tinfatisfied,' be for ever remitted' and discharged to all intents and purposes wliatf'oeve'r, an'd from henceforth1 no proeefs or execution shall ifltie thereon from his' IVlajefiy's cotfrt of E>i-cheque;-.

II. And whereas many abuses have been committed, a:nd public justice often eluded, by reason of pefforis empowered to le\)y and execute the green wax proeefs of his Majesty's exchequer, mtfktn’j* false and untrue returns thereof!, for ierrfocly whereof, be it eri-acted, That if any sheriff, under ilieriff, collector of forfeited recognizances, or any bailiff or person employed by or under them, or any of them, or other person employed, empowered, authorized, or appointed to execute or to return the green wax procels of his Majesty's court of Exchequer in this kingdom, or any warrant thereupon issued, or any person for their or any of their use or benefit, shall ask, demand, of receive any lum or Turn's, of money, gift, gratuity', or reward of any kind whatsoever, or ahy security, promiie, or engagement for the payment of any film of sums of money, gift, gratuity, or reward of any kind whatsoever, for not executing such proeefs, or any warrant thereon issued, or to delay or portponc the execution of such proeefs, or any warrant thereon ifined, or shall ac.cept of a lei's sum upon account or in payment of such forfeited recognizance, tiffin 'as in such 'proeefs or warrant mentioned, or if any such fh'eriff, under sheriff, col-ledtor, bailiff, or other person employed by or under them,'Or'any of them, or employed, empowered, authorized or appointed as aforesaid, to execute or return such-proeefs or warrant, shall knowingly make any false or untrue return upon, or of such proeefs or warrant, then and in every such case every such sheriff, under sheriff, collector, bailiff, or other person employed by or 'tinder them, or any of them., or other person employed, empowered, authorized, or appointed as aforesaid, to execute dr return such proeefs ;or warrant so offending, shall forfeit and pay to every person charged, in every iiicli proeefs or warrant which shall not be duly executed, or the execution of which shall be postponed or delayed as aforesaid, or for or upon account of which less than the amount thereof shall be received,' treble the amount of every such

recognizance;

The tl'irl)-frjl Year of George III. 687

recognizance; to be recovered, together with the full colls of suit A.D. by every such person so charged in every such process or warrant, *79^ by action of debt, or by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's superior courts of record in Dublin; and every person offending in any- of the cases aforesaid, from and after judgment obtained against him in any such adiou of debt, bill, plaint, or information, or being any otherwise lawfully convicted thereof, shall for ever be disabled to hold, exercise, or enjoy any office or em-hold any of-ployment under his Majesty, his heirs or successors. ’

CHAP. XXVI.

An Act to promote a reciprocal Preference between this Kingdom and Great Britain, in the Corn Trade.

WHEREAS by an act passed in this kingdom in the twenty-third andtwen- E«pir*4

ty-fourth years of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for regulating the ° e* t9 ' am trade, promoting agriculture, ami providing a regular and Jleady /apply of corn in this kingdom; and for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the duties {herein mentioned, it is enacted, that whenever the price of wheat ascertained in the city of Dublin, in manner therein mentioned, shall be under thirty flitilings, and not less than twenty-seven killings the barrel, or of rye in like manner, shall be under twenty-six shillings, and not less than twenty-three shillings the barrel, or of barley in like manner, shall be under fourteen shillings and six-pence, and not less than thirteen shillings and six-pence the barrel, or of oats in like manner, shall be under eleven shillings, and not less than ten shillings the barrel, or of white peas in like manner, shall be under thirty shillings, and not less than twenty-seven shillings the barrel, or of grey peas and beans in like manner, shall be under eighteen shillings and three pence, and not less than sixteen shillings and three pence the barrel; all wheat, rye, barley, bere, big, oats, peas and beans, malt, meal or flour thereof, being of British growth, and imported from Great Britain, shall be exempted from the payment of any higher duties upon being imported thence than two pence for every barrel of such grain, and two pence for every hundred weight of such malt, meal or flour; the said exemption to commence so soon and continue so long as the similar articles of Irish growth when exportable from hence pursuant to the jirovisions in said act, shall by some aft or sfts of parliament to be made in Great Britain, be allowed to be imported from lienee into that kingdom upon the like or lower duties, whenever the prices of 'grain there according to^he.measures mndeufe of in that kingdqnu shall as nearly ,73 the different mode of weights vaij$l measures can be brought to correspond, be respectively as much lower than the prices at which such grain shall be allowed to be imported and fold therefrom 'foreign parts, ns the -foregoing prices are Jower than those at which the like articles are respectively allowed by fqid aft.tpjje imported and fold here from foreign parts; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent- Majesty, by, and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and.tem-porikt, and commons imthis present parliament assembled, and by the aijthqntj.of the1 fame, -'Bhalun case-proftfion (half be.made, by any.law qt laws to be^passed in

C88 The thh tyfirst Year of George III.

A.D.

the pariirmenc of Great Britain, dunng the present year for the of 2?r

1791 fpc6*es of cor:1 or gra>n» or a«y mult, meal, or flour made thereof of Irish grewdi

c:i,ap. 2(5. -anc* manufacture from this kingdom into Great Britain, sooner than fr mi f(-rei;';i parts i it shall be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or "iur-norsof this kingdom for the time being, by and with the advice and cor.frnt of in, Majesty's most honourable privy council, to determine the prices at which ever/ such species of corn, grain, malt, meal, or flour of British growth and mar.ujV.c-' ' * lure, and of foreign growth ought to be respectively admirable into this kingdom, so as to give a nmilar preference to the ndmission of every such specic*. . of corn, grain, malt, mc.d and flour, being of British growth and manufacture.

II. And be it cnn&eri, That when the price or prices of any species of corn

ascertained in the manner directed by Uw for regulating the import of corn Ih..! be at, or above the price or prices determined in manner aforesaid for the ad-

mission of such species of corn or grain, and malt, meal or flour made thereof

from Great Britain, being of British growth and manufacture; and in like manner when such price or prices so ascertained shall be at or above the price or price* so determined on for the.ndmission of foreign corn or grain from foreign parts; all such corn and grain, malt, meal and flour of British growth; and also all such corn and grain of foreign growth shall be allowed to be imported into this kingdom from Great Britain or from foreign parts respectively, so soon as the

fold prices so determined on shall be pub.iflied by proclamation in the Dublin Gazette.

III. And be it further enacted, That if in the provision afore-mentioned tlla-bliflung such preference, any duty shall be imposed in Great Britain on the import of any species of corn, grain, malt, meal or flour from this kingdom, or from foreign parts, the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and council shall in such proclamation, di-rest similar duties according to the different weights and measures used in the two kingdoms, to be levied and paid on all such corn and grain, malt, meal or flour as shall be imported by virtue of this act, on importation thereof from Great Britain, or from foreign parts resptrftively; and the said duties shall be raised, levied, and paid under the like regulations and penalties as the duties contained and emfted in the said receited act.

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con-ilrued to extend ro allow any corn or grain of foreign growth to be imported into this kingdom under any lower duty, or at any time sooner than it is or would be importable by the laws now in force-

V. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue m force unto the tenth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and no longer.

CHAP. XXVII.

An Act to emend an Act passed in the Third Year of His pre-salt Majesty, Entitled, An act to prevent Frauds in the Tanning of Hides, Currying of Leather, and the making of Shoes and Boots.

WHEREAS an act of parliament passed in the third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to prevent frauds in the tanning of hides, in the currying of leather,

and

Recital 3d Geo. 3.

77e ibhly-frft Veer of George III.

and in ike mamtfltilitn'ng of floes and hols; ami whereas the fa ill ad has been in many instances evaded on account of the infufiicicncy of the penalties therein contained; in remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same; I hat from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, every tanner or other person employed in the tanning of hides, shall fieflt the hide of every cow, ox and bull intended to be tanned by him, in a clear, fair, lionclf and merchantable manner; and shall also cut out from every such hide the ears by the roots, and shall cut off the brccch-piccc, the nose and lips and {hanks a short space above the dew claws, before he shall put such hide into the tan-pit j and every person offending in any of the before mentioned particulars, shall forfeit for every such hide which shall not be so trimmed, the sum of twenty shillings, to be recovered as herein after is mentioned.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the lime aforesaid, no tanner or other person shall fell, or Expose to fate any such tanned hide, unless the first letter of the christian name, and the surname at length, of the tanner of such hide, and the town in or near which he lives, in large and legible characters shall be stamped on the collet of such hide; and if the fame be the hide of a bull, unless the word bull be stamped on the fame in large and legible characters; and every person offending in any of the said last mentioned particulars, shall for every tanned hide ft fold or exposed to sale, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, so be recovered in the manner herein after mentioned.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the time aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for any person or persons to buy or fell any entire tanned hide or hides within the city of Dublin, or the liberties thereof, for exportation of for consumption of said city, or to be ma-nufactured therein, unless at some public market within the said city, and any person who shall buy or fell, or expose to sale any entire tanned hide or hides at any other place, shall forfeit for every such hide the sum of twenty shillings, to be recovered as herein after is men tinned.

arcr 29 Sr-pt. I'91, tan-

tier-, to pvc-

p.ne hides li.rein,

penalty per hide.

Hides *0 he {lamped ai herein,

paiahv 203. per hide.

Tanned

hides not to be or

fu'd in L)uh* H» htii at a public nnr-tit, prnu'ty ass per ItK’.e.

Ci;0 The lliriy-first Year of George III.

A.D.

>79> Chap. 27.

Not to he, cvadeil by cu*iin^r 01 imu iHii.ig

HuicMobe v.» 1

dried; tV.fjesence l*e,\va 11 - l>»i% e r and feller to he lictvrmitKtl 2b limeiii,

penalty on pe.fun- cho 1.hue U* do lifiein. lol tot On* pin)' ut the pjiilhi

IV. Provided always, That no tanner, leather-cutter or other person, Stall evade this act by the cutting off a final) part from stich hides, or otherwise mutilating them for the p.irpose of evading this act.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

front and after the lime aforesaid, no tanner or other person Stall sell or expose to sale any tanned hide or hides which ilia! not ho well and sufficiently tanned and dried; and if any diSerence shall arise between the buyer and feller of such hide or hides concerning the tanning or dryness thereof, the fame Stall be determined by four skilful persons, two to be cltofcn by each of the parties, whose determination Stall be final and conclusive; and.in case they Stall not agree within twenty-four hours from the time they are so chosen and assembled for said purpose, that then the person or persons who Stall think hintfclf or themselves aggrieved. Stall apply to the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, if such dispute Stall happen within the said city or the liberties thereof, or otherwise to the chief magistrate of any other city, corporation, market-town, or other place where such dispute Stall happen; which said lordmayor or other chief magistrate Stall immediately fun,moil the said parties, and the said referees before hint; and the said lord mayor or chief magistrate Stall there name 011c other reputable and fleilful person, who Stall fit as an umpire along with the said four persons chosen by the said buyer and feller as aforesaid, and Stall swear the said five referees to do equal justice between the said parties, and the determination of such five referees, or any three of them,. Stall be final and conclusive to all parties; and in case the said persons so cltofcn, or any one or more of them Stall neglect or reftife to obey the said Simmons, without good and fufricient cause, assigned on oath, or that they on the said fifth person or umpire who Stall as aforesaid be named by the said lord mayor or chief magistrate, or any of them, Stall neglect or reftife to determine such difference within twenty-four hours after they Stall be sworn as. aforesaid; that then each and every of fitch persons so offending Stall forfeit the stint of ten pwinds sterling, to be levied by war-r:nt under the hand and fail of the said lord mayor or other tf'ii.'i i.ta-sitrite. oil eoads of fecit offender, and to be

paid ec, r !o file ckuv’'-wardens of tile pariS) where such

cuce tit ft. arc, is i.n dist.ril uled antottgft the poor of the

Tie tih i)-jirf. Year of George III. 691

the !:!(! parish; and the said complaining party or parlies A. It, th. ! riion name other reputable and lkiiful persons in the ’791-place of Inch persons as shall so refuse to decide, who shall be fv.orn in like manner to decide as aforesaid, tinder the pe- ‘I111'"1 ln naities hcretn before mentioned; and in case any hide or hides o»iri» shall be condemned in the manner herein dated, as not tho- f,tu., roughly dried and sufficiontly tanned, every tanner or other person who shall have fold or offered to sale such hide or J! !,tK'"> hides so fold or nffigr.cd to sale, shall forfeit the fnm of twenty shillings, to be recovered as herein after mentioned; and in case any merchant or other person shall by collusion with any tanner, or otherwise, buy any hide or hides which shall not be so perfectly dried and thoroughly well tanned as a'.-!. l>w«. aforesaid, then that such merchant or other person shall for U cadi, every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty (ltillings for every unmerchantable bide so purchased as aforesaid, to be recovered as herein after mentioned.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, T1 Kit N'lcraticr, no craner or other person employed by him, shall buy or fell

ling For every such hide or (kin he or they shall purchase or fell; nor shall any craner for the time being follow the bn-finess of a tanner, currier, leather-cutter or (lioe-maker under the fame penalty; and that such craner as well in cvcry other city, town or district as aforesaid, as in the city of

Dublin, or the liberties thereof, shall keep a public book in f.-.uity;

’such crane, wherein (llall be entered in fair and legible cha- clny'dty, raders all tanned and curried leather brought to such crane or market, with the names at length of the persons to whom a^a-uin, they belong, and the name or names of the person or persons who shall have purchased the fame, immediately on the sale thereof, under the penalty of three pounds for every in, , neglect or omillion in litis particular, to be recovered as f'*ywnr

t.lllllilUU.

herein after is mentioned.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That siUn-.toi. from and after the time aforesaid, every currier employed iJul,' ’ ill currying any such curryable Ik ins as before mentioned,

shall curry the fame with good oil and dubbing, o; tallow mixed with dubbing, and not with back grease, tar or kitchcn-fuiff; arid b.all not fraudulently or ttnncci ffs.ris, overcharge the fame with oil or clubbing ftvff; and tint S f.I 2

U»" u-.l lea*

fKiii’.iy

201. for each

hit!*. , Ac-

nor full.iv.*

l!.c SlUtllM it

of 3 tJdri r,

Clin V., Ic.:-

evny

The tliny-frji T

ear

jfr.r.

III.

Chirp. 27.

lie t'llllul, <JikU, cur-mil. ami iiia1 kul as iuian,

pnwlry 5s. litffirctice

iMiicd ai i-UUH.

filioc.,> a:ul ’tJlK* to l.c

every person who shall curry any currvrhlc /kin in any oilier manner than as is herein mentioned, shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of five shillings on each skin.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That s.un ji.re from an(| aftL.r t}je tjme aforesaid, no curried calf skins, kipp

ii.'iri'.d 'u r

ikins, veal thins, runners or flitters, shall be exposed to file in the city of Dublin, or any of the places before-mentioned, unless the same shall be perfectly and mcr-ehantably tanned, dried and duly curried, as hereby required; and plainly marked with the full names and refi-den'ces of the manufacturers thereof; and every person who iliaII after the time aforesaid, expose to sale any such skin or ikins not so thoroughly tanned, dried, trimmed, and marked as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Arm of five shillings; and ‘n Ca^<; =">’ difference shall arise between the buyer and fel-irai.uaiitr lor respecting the due tannage, dryness, and currying, Rich difference shall be decided in the manner herein before directed, with respect to tanned hides.

IX. And to prevent frauds in the manufacture of shoes and boots, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

i ii’iir' from and after the time aforesaid, no person shall fell, or expose to sale, any shoes or boots, unless the name of the maker of such shoes or boots be stamped upon the inside of the laps of such shoes, and the inside of the tops of such boots in plain- and legible characters; and in case any person shall sell or expose to sale, any boots or shoes not stamped as aforesaid, such person shall for every such pair of boots and /hoes so fold or exposed to sale, forfeit the sum of two shillings and sixpence, to be recovered as herein after mentioned.

X. And for the better enforcing the authority of this act, and the more readily recovering the several penalties herein

Penalties^ mentioned, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 1 Iiociii, the said several penalties shall be forthwith recovered upon conviction of the party offending, either on his own confession, or by the oath of any one credible witness before the c}iicf magistrate or any one justice of the peace for the dif-tricl where the offence shall be committed; and shall be levied by way of distress upon the goods of the offender by warrant under the hand and seal of tile chief magistrate or justice before whom such conviction shall be, returning the overplus arising from sale of such goods; excepting only in

such

The thiriy-f.rj? Year of George III. 695

such cal’cs as are by this act heretofore otherwil'e provided; such decision to be in all such cases final and conclusive to all parties; and the said several forfeitures, excepting as before ro,^'ll"i"l1r" excepted, to go to the parties fuina for the fame. Mu;, met

OdLlfolC.

CHAP. XXVIII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Deferlion, and fa the letter Payment of the Army and their Quarters '.eithin this Kingdom.

WHEREAS the railing or keeping a Hanging army within this kingdom, ift time of peace, unless it be with the consent of parliament, is agsinft iaw: and whereas it is judged necessary by his Majesty, ami this prdent parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for the fafetv of this kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of his Majesty's crown 5 and that the whole number of such forces should conflft of fifteen thousand two hundred and thirty-two men *, whereof twelve thousand men, commissioned and non-commissioned oflicers included, shall be kept within this kingdom, for the necessary defence of the fame at all times, except in cases of invaflon or rebellion in Great Britain: and whereas no man can b: forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of pumfliment v/ithill this realm by mania! law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers, and according to the known and established law of tills realm $ yet nevertheless, it being requisite for the retaining all the before mentioned forces in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that soldiers who shall mutiny OT stir up (edition, or shall dtfert his Majesty's service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person being muttered.

Or in pay as an officer, or who is or shall be enlisted or in pay as a soldier, dial] at any time during the continuance of this act, begin, excite, ciufe, or join in any mutiny or sedition in the regiment, troop, or company to which he doth belong, or in any other regiment, troop, or company, either of his Majesty's land or marine forces in his Majesty's service, or flmll not use his utmost endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny, or intended mutiny, shall not without delay give information thereof to his commanding officer; or fh.».H misbehavc himself before the enemy, or shall fliamtfully abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, poll or guard committed to his charge, or which he Hull be commanded to defend, or fl;all compel the governor or commanding officer r.f any garrison, fortress, or port, to deliver up to the enemy, or to abandon the fame, cr shall speak words, or use any other means to induce fuih governor or commanding officer or others, to mifbehare before the enemy, or fliamcfully 10 abandon or driver upanygarrifon, fortress, post or guard commuted to their respective charge, ot which he or they shall be commanded to defend, or shall leave l»is post before relieved, or shall be found sleeping on his post, or shall hold correspondence with, or give advice or intelligence to any rebel, or enemy of his Majesty, either by let* ters, mefliiges, signs, or tokens, in ary manner or way whmbever, or fr.ail treat or enter into p.nv terms with such rebel, or enemy, without Idj M;*jefl\'s !: Vol. XV. ’ H K '"fl.V,

694 Yhe thirty-frjl Year of George III.

A.D. cenfc, or Kccnfe of the general, or < hies commander, or shall strike, or use any 17(^1. violence against his fapersor olhc-r, beintj in the execution of Lis office, or shall

OIkiJ*- 28. '!i!obry , in/ lawful co:nn:i!,l of his superior officer, or shall ilcfcrt his Majesty's service: all and every person or persons so offending in any of the matters b-;rose mentioned, shall fuss-r death, or such other punishment as by a court martial Hull be awarded.

1l. Provided, and it is hereby declared and enabled, That any noiucommissi-oned officer or soldi'T, enlisted or in pay in any regiment, troop, or company, who shall, without having first obtained a regular discharge therefrom, enlilfc himself in any oilier regiment, troop, or company, shall be deemed to have deserted hia Miijefiy’j service, and shall in like manner fuller death, or fuel* other puniffi-ment as by a court martial shall be awarded.

III. And whereas doubts have arisen whether soldiers who of right belong to another corps in which they fit ft enlisted, and from which they have not obtained a discharge, may be proceeded against and tried for deferring any corps in which they may afterwards have enlisted, for any crime committed by them whilst serving therein: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person who is or shall be enlisted or in pay as a foldter, in any regiment, troop, or company in his Majesty's service, shall desert the fame, or shall, while serving therein, commit . any offence against this att, or against the rules or articles of war, such person shall be liable to be tried by a. court martial, and punished in like manner as if he had originally enlisted in, and of right belonged to the fame, notwithstanding it shall have been discovered or known that he had previously belonged to some other regiment, troop, or company, and not been discharged therefrom.

IV. Provided always, That if such person shall be claimed by such other regiment, troop, or company, and be proceeded against as a deserter therefrom, his subsequent deferrion from any one of more corps in which he may have unwarrantably enlisted, may unless he shall already have been tried for the fame, be given in evidence as an aggravation of his crime, previous notice being always given to such deserter, of the fact or fa£b intended to be produced in evidence upon his tri.il.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his Majesty may from time to time by his royal commission, empower the lord lieutenant of this kingdom, or oilier chief governor or governors of the fame for the time being, to appoint general courts martial, from time to time, as well as to direct.his or their warrant to any general officer having the chief command of a body of forces within this kingdom, authorizing him to convene general courts martial, as occasion may require, for the trial of offences committed by any of the forces under his command j ail which general courts martial shall be constituted, and shall regulate their proceedings according to the several provffions herein after specified.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such courts martial by their sentence or judgment, to inflict corporal punishment, not extending to life or limb, on any soldier for immoralities, miftehaviour, or neglect of duty.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no general court martial which shall be held under the authority of this act, shall consist of a less number than thirteen commissioned officers, and the president of such general court martial ffisll not be the commander in chief nor governor of the garrison where the offender shall be tried, nor under the degree of a field officer, unless where a field officer cannot be had, nor in any case whatsoever under the degree of a captain; and that ail general courts -martial shall have power and authority,

and

The thirty-frjt Year of George III'.

c9 5

and are hereby required to administer an oath to every wkntfs in order to the A, 1). examination or trial of any of the offences that shall come before them. I^Ql.

Ylff. I’rovided always, That in ail trials by general courts martial, to be held Chap. *2S. by virtue of tins act, every member affixing at iueh nial, before any proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following ,.;-.ths upon the holy evangolifts, before the judge advocate, or his deputy, (who are lieicbv authorized to administer the same) tlu:t is to f.iy, u you shall well and tiuly try and determine according to M your evidence in the matter now before you."

So help vou God.

I A.B. dofwear, Thai will duly adminferjtflcc, according to the rules ard articles fir the hitter government of his Majests frees, and according to an of Parliament veto in fare for the punishment efr, uiiny and dfcrthn, and ether crimes therein mentioned, without partiality, favour, or affection; and if any doubtfall nrife which is not explained by the said articles or aft cf parliament, according to my cotfience, tie left of my underfunding, and the cufom of war in lih cases. And I further swear% That I will not divulge the sentence of the court until it fall be approved b\> his Majesty, or by feme persons duly authorized by him; neither will /, upon any account, a: any time whatsoever, difekfe or dfcover the vote or opinion of ant particular member of the court martial, unless required to give evidence thereof, as a ‘ivitnefe, by a court cf justice, in a due course of law.

So help vie God.

And as soon as the said oath shall have been adnuniftered to the respective members, the president of the court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the judge advocate, or the person. officiating as such, an oath in the following words:

I A.B. do swear, That will not, upon any account, at any time whatsoever, difelofe or d fcover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court martial, unless required to give evidence thereof as a witness, in a due course of law.

So help me God.

And no sentence of death shall be given against any offender in such case by any general court martial, unless nine officers present shall concur therein; ynd in all cases where a court martial shall consist of more officers than thirteen, then the judgment shall pass by the concurrence of two-thirds at least of the officers present: and no proceedings or trial Hull be had upon any offence, but between the hours of eight of the cfock in the morning and three in the afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate example.

IX. And be it further enacted and declared, That in case of any soldier tried and convicted of oefertion, whensoever the court martial which shall pass sentence upon such trial, shall not think the offence deserving of capital punishment, such court martial may, instead of awarding a corporal punishment, adjudge the offender, if they shall think fit, to serve as a soldier in any of the corps Rationed in' any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the fcas, or in foreign parts, for life, or for a certain term of years, according to the degree of offence *, and if such soldier shall afterwards, without leave from his Majesty, or from the commanding officer of the corps in which he shall be appointed to serve, return into tills realm before the expiration of the term limited by such sentence, and shall be^ convicted thereof by a court-martial, he shall suffer death.

X. Provided always, That the party tried by any general court-martial, shall be entitled to a copy of the sentence and proceedings of such court-martial upon

P N 2 demand

696 The thirty-first Year c/" George III.

A.D.

demand thereof nude by himself, or by any other person or persons on his tc-

]JQ]. half, he or they paving reasonably for the fame, at any time net fconer than three

Chap. 28. months after such sentence, whether such sentence be approved of or not, any , ^—v'"’*-' tiling in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That t every judge advocate, or person officiating as such at at.y general court martial

do, and he is hereby required to trnnsmit with as much expedition as the opportunity of time and distance of place-can admit, the original proceedings and lenience of such. court-martial to the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of the kingdom of Ireland, to be laid before him or them, ami when the determination shall have been made upon the fcntei cc therein contained, to be lodged with the judge advocate general in Dublin; which said original proceedings and sentence. shall be carefully kept and preferred in the office

01 such judge advocate general, to the end that the person entitled thereto may be enabled upon application to the office to obtain copies thereof,-according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That none of the proceedings of any general or regimental court martial,^nor any entry or copy thereof, shall bs charged or chargeable with any'damp duty whatsoever,any tiling contained in any former act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enacted, That no officer cr soldier being acquitted or convicted of any offence, be liable to be tried a second time by the fame or any other court martial for the fame offence, unless in the case of an appeal from a regimental to a general court martial; and that no sentence given by any court martial, and signed by the president thereof, be liable to be reviled more than once.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend, or be construed, to exempt any officer or soldier whatsoever from being proceeded against by the ordinary course of law.

XV. And for preventing of frauds and deceit in the muttering of soldiers, be it further unacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person do make or give, or procure to be made or given, any false or untrue certificate whereby to cxcufc any soldier for his absence from any inufter, or any other service which he ought to attend or perform, upon pretence of being employed on some other -duty of the regiment, or of sickness, being in prison, or on furlough; then every such person so making, giving, or procuring such certificate, dial), for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and shall be forthwith cashiered and displaced from his office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any military office or employment within this realm; and no certificate shall excuse the abfcncs cf any soldier, but for the reafor.s above mentioned, or one of them; and the commissiiry of the musters, is hereby directed to set down on the roll, at the time nf the taking of the muster, the reason of the absence of such soldier respectively, and by whom certified, and not to set down any such excuse without view of such certificate.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every' officer that diall make any false or untrue roufterof man or horse, and every commissary, muster-master, or other officer, who dull wittingly or willingly allow or sign the muster-rol), wherein such false muster is contained, or any duplicate thereof; and also every commissary, muster-master, or other officer who shall directly or Indirectly take, or cause to be taken, any sum or sums of money, or any other gravity, on or for the muttering of any regiment, troop, or company, or on or for the signing of any muster-rolls, or any duplicate thereof, upon proof thereof upon oath made by two witnciTcs before a general court-martial to be thereupon called,

which

The thirty-jirjl Year of George III. C. 9.7

which is hereby authorized and required to administer such oath, {lull for t'uAi j\t offence be forthwith cafluered, and difpUccd from such his office, and fluff bo 17^1, thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment Chap, 28 v ithin this realm.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every commissary or muster-roafter upon any muster to be made, had, or taken by him or them, fluff, by a convenient time before such muller nude, give notice to the mayor, or other chief magiftrute or pificer of the place where the kid soldiers h> to be mustered fluff be quartered, who is hereby required to be present at every such muller, and give his utmost ailillance for the discovering any klfc or untrue mutter there nude, or offered to be made* and that every such commitury or muster-toafter making or taking such muster, that fluff negletl to give fur): notice as aforesaid, or fluff refuse to take the aid and assistance of such mayor, chief magistrate, or officer where the soldiers to be muttered Avail be quartered shall forfeit the turn of fifty pounds, and fluff be discharged from his office and no muster-rolt shall be allowed, unless the fame be signed by the said mayor, or other'chief magiflrateor officer respectively; but in case such mayor, chief magistrate or officer shall not, upon due notice given, attend such muller, or fluff refuse to sign such muster-roll, without giving good and sufficient reasons for such his refusal, that then the commiflar'y may proceed to muster such regiment, troop, or company, without incurring the said penalty, and such muster-roll fluff be allowed, though not signed as aforesaid) provided that as soon after taking such muster as conveniently may be, oath be made by the commissary or muster-master, before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county where such muster shall be taken, or otherwise before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a matter in chancery in Dublin, that such notice was duly given to the said mayor, chief magistrate, or officer as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall be falsely muttered, or offer himself falsely or deceitfully to be mustered, upon proof thereof made upon oath by two witnesses, before the next justice of the peace for the county where such muster shall be made, and upon certificate thereof in writing under the hand of the oofnntiflary of the musters, or chief magistrates as aforesaid, made to such justice of the peace, the said justice is hereby authorized and required to commit such offender to the hnufe of coric&ion, there to remain for the space of ten days; and if any person shall wittingly or willingly lend or furnish any horse to be mustered, which shall not truly belong to tire trooper or troop so mustered, the said horse so falsely mustered shall be forfeited to the informer, if the fame doth belong to the person lending or fdrnishing the said horse) or otherwise the person lending or farnifliing the said horse, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, upon oath made by two witnesses before the next justice of the peace: which twenty pounds shall be levied by warrant under the haiid and seal of the said justice, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person so offending, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner*; and in Case such offender shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereon distress may be made, to the value of the penalty to be recovered against him, or shall not pay such penalty within four days after such conviction, then, and in such case, such justice of the peace shall and may, by warrant under his hand and seal, cither commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or main-prize, for the space of three months, or cause such offender to be publickly whipped at the difcrttion of such justice; and the fjtd forfeiture shall be to such person or persons that shall give information thereof; and the said informer or informers, if belonging to the fcrvtcc, shall have a right to be discharged forthwith, if he or they shall demand the same.

0\)S The thirtj-jhjl Year of George III.

J)t

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every com* IWQI. niillioned officer, store-kseper, or commiss.uy, that shall embezzle or mamjcfljy ’Chap. 28. cau^e to tmhezzled or misapplied, or shall wilfully, or through riegledt, suffer any provisions, forage, arms, clothing, ammunition, or other military {lores to be lpoileii or damaged, upon proof thereof upon oath made by two witnesses before a general court-martial, which is hereby authorized and required to administer such oath, shall be forthwith dismissed his Majesty's service, and forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and is hereby required to make good at his own expence, the loss and damage thereby Curtained, -to be -ascertained by such court-martial which shall have power to seize the goods and chattels of the person so offending, and fell them for the payment of - the said one hundred pounds, and such damage; and if fuffieicnt goods and chattels cannot be found and seized, then the person so offending’, shall be committed to prison, or the common gaol, to remain there fer 'six months, withourbail or mainprize, until he shall pay such. deficiency» and after the said sum shall be recovered and levied, the same shall be applied and disposed of as hiss Majesty rtiall direct and appoint.

XX. ’And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every commis-fary of thenmfters, or murter-master either of the land forces or marines, making or taking 2 mutter, do make oath before-the mayor or chief magistrate attending the making or taking such muster as aforesaid, if such mayor or chief magistrate so attending be a'justice of the peace, or otherwise before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a matter in chancery in.Dublin, who is hereby authorized to aiiminister the fame in manner following:

’ I A. I), d) fovear, that I faiv, at fie time of taking a mister of such troops cr

cvtpanics of this regiment as lay within my present circuit, such men or hsrfos (cf such imp.'or companies so unfit red by me as are kerne, and net refoiui cu the muser-rtll,

for which men cr hsrfos a fgtied certificate or certificates, are not endorsed, on tic bach f rthe roll, certifying their being ahfontfrem tie ntujler by renfon of being employd on feme otltr duty of the regiment, cr byleingfich, in prison, on furlough, or at grass, or by ,? ligmd Uaw from the colonel or field officer, cr officer comnumding the regiment, troop, or company. I iihenvlfc fovear, that I affifiedin examining and comparing this muJUr-rdl with the regimental hook; that I have seen and examined tie attejlations cf all tie

recruits of the periods, that I fuu! them complect, and believe them to be jujl and csr-\ reel,

Which oaths the said commissiry, or mutter-matter is hereby directed to insert, and subscribe on the back of the muster-roll by him delivered into the office of the coinmifiary-general of the -mutters, and as soon as the commissaries of the mutters shall have severally consented their circuits within twenty-one days after the fame, they are hereby directed personally to appear at the office of the muf-t<:r-matter general in Dublin, and in his presence, or in that of his deputy, (who is hertby directed to attend) before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a matter in chancery, to make and subscribe the following oath, viz.

I. A.B. do fovear, that at the times and places fvcrally named in the nufler-rclls taken by me of the following regiments, viz.

I was perfoitally present, and did at the time of taking tie said mujltrs, affiji in comparing tiefoveral nufler-rolls with tie regimental beds of tiefoveral regiments, troops, r companies, and that I believe than j:fl and esrreSI taken before me.

Which

The thirty-first Year of George III.

Which f.iid oath is to be attested by the said muster-master general, or his de- p^ puty.

XXI. And be farther enacted by the nnthoiitv nfnrilatd, That if any pay- qj^. master, r.genr, or clerk cf any ^arrifon, regiment, troop, ov company, find! w:!-rally detain or withhold by the fp:-ee of one month the pay of any officer or soldier, clothes, and all other just allowances being deducted, asur such pay shall be by him or them received, or if any officer having received his soldiers pay, shall refute to pay each respective non-commissioned officer and foldhr their respo

tive pay, when it shall become due, according to the several rates estabHflied by order of government, then upon proof thereof before a court-martial as aforesaid, to be for that purpose held and summoned, every such paymaster, agent, cter!:. or officer so offending, shall be discharged from Isis employment-, and shall forfeit to the informer upon conviction before the l.iid court one hundred pounds, to be levied as aforeflml, and the informer, if a soldier, if lie demands it, shall be, and he is hereby discharged from any further service; any thing i:i this act contained to the contrary notwithstanriitig.

XXII. And for the better execution thereof, anil that a true and regular account may be kept and rendered by the agents of the several regiments and independent troops and companies, the said agents are hereby required and directed to observe such orders and directions as shall from time to time be given by his Majesty, under his sign manual, or by his hhijcllj’s chief governor or governors of this kingdom; and if any agent shall refuse or neglect to observe and comply with such orders and directions, he shall be discharged from his office, and be utterly disabled to have or ‘hold any such office in his Majesty's tervice in this kingdom.

XXIII. And it is enacted, That if any officer or commissary shall mttfler any person by a wrong name knowingly, upon conviction thereof before a gen<ril court-martial, the said officer or commissary shall fuller such penalties, and in such manner as is directed and infiifted by this act upon those who shall make false musters.

XXIV. And whereas by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, entitled, An net to prevent the diferders that tuny happen by the marching cf fcldiirt) eitul providing carriages for the baggage cffotdiersctt their march, it is among!: other things enabled and declared, " That no officer, (either, or trooper in h*.r Majesty's army, nor the servant of any officer, nor any attendant on the train of artillery, nor any yeoman of the guard of battle-axes, nor any officer cotnmanding the said yeomen, nor any servant of any such officer, shall at any 4t time hereafter have, receive, or be allowed any quarters in any part of this " kingdom, save only during such time as he or they shall be, and remain in tome of seaport town, in order to he transported, or during such time as there shall be any commotion in any part of this kingdom, by re.ifou of which emergency,

« her Majesty's army, or any considerable part thereof shall be commanded' to 4< march from any p^rt of this kingdom to another, or during such time or times " as he or they shall be on their march as aforesaid."

XXV. And whereas the barracks in this kingdom arc not at preterit suffi unit to lodge all the forces upon its military establishment: and whereas it may Le nccdtiry to Ration part of the troops in places where there are nut barracks, or not sufficient barracks to hold them: be it enacted, and it is hereby declared and agreed by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he l.-.v.ft:I, notwftMlr.r.o-hig the said recited act, to and for the conftebics and '"tiier chief officers and magillratss of cities, towns, villages, and other place, wui.i.i tins kingdom, and in their default or absence, for any one justicr of the peace, inhabitim; in or near any such city, village, or place, and for no others, and fuih confutes

? I):

aru

~ GO

The thirty-jirjl Year of George III.

A.D.

an^ °Aw cViicf magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet 1791. ^1C °^cers and soldiers in his Majesty's service in inns, livery-ilables, alc-houses,

filiap 28. ant* l^e ^ou^"es of ^e^ers of wine by retail, to be drank in their own Itoufcs, or y—places thereunto belonging} and all houses of persons felling brandy, strong waters, cyder or metheglin by retail; and where there shall not be found sufficient room in such houses, then in such manner as has been heretofore customary; nor shall any more billets at any time be ordered, than there are effective soldiers present to be quartered; all which billets, when made out by such chief magiitiatcs or constables, shall be delivered into the hands of the commanding officer present*, and if any conflabtc or such like officer or magistrate as aforesaid, flinil prdume to quarter or billet any fu>.h officer or soldier in any house not within die meaning of this act, without the content of the owner or occupier, then such owner or occupier shall have his or their remedy at law against such magistrate or officer for the damage that such owner or occupier shall sustain thereby; and if any military officer shall take upon him to quarter soldiers otherwise than as limited and allowed by this act, or shall use or offer any menace or compulffon to or upon any mayors, constables, or other civil officers before menttoued, tending to deter or discourage any of them from performing any part of their duty hereby required or appointed, such military officer shall, for every such offence, being thereof convicted before any two or more of the next justices of the peace of the county, by the oath of two credible witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ipfifafto cafiuered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any military employment within this kingdom: provided the said conviction be affirmed at the tjext assizes or quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, or county of the city, and a certificate thereof transmitted to the judge-advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial; and in case any person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such constable, chief officer or magistrate, not being a justice of the peace, has quartered or billeted in his house, agreater number of soldiers than he ought to bear in proportion to his neighbours, and shall complain thereof to one or more justice or justices of the peace of the division, city, or liberty where such soldiers are quartered; or in case such chief officer or roa-gillrate shall be a justice of the peace, then on complaint made to two or more justices of the peace, of such division, city, or liberty, such justices respectively shall bave, and have hereby power to relieve such persons, by ordering such and so many of tin. soldiers to be removed and quartered upon such other person or persons as they shall see cause; and such other person or persons shall be obliged to receive such soldiers accordingly.

XXVI. And whereas great-inconvenience happens from the billeting of soldiers singly: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at no time hereafter, a less number than two men shall be billeted in any one house, and such billets may be changed once in every month if thought necessary by the chief magistrate, to prevent any burthen thereby arising from falling heavy on parties lar individuals.

XXVII. And as very great detriment and inconvenience arises to the service from the dispersing and billeting of soldiers when on a march at a great distance from the place or places where they are meant to be quartered, and contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said last receited act, and by Teafon of which they are placed wide of their intended route for the next day’s march: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at no time when troops are on a march, shall any of them be billeted above one mile from the place or places mentioned in the route.

Tie ihhtj-ftrji Year f George III. 701

XKVIiL. Provided always, am! be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That A.D. v ;.i;y officer shall tak?, cr cause to be taken, or know inglv suffer to be taken, ;.uy i jij j, money of any persons for excusing the quarters cf officers or soldier?, or any of Chap. 28. them* in any house allowed by this act, every such officer shall be eadiiered, mu! he incapable of serving in any military employment whatsoever.

XXIX. And whereas great inconveniencies have arisen, and may arise in such places where horse or dragoons are, or may be quartered, by the billeting of the mtn and their hcvrfes at different houses, and often at great dillances from one another, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act.: be it therefore eiucted by the authority aforesaid, That in all places where horse or dragoons shall be quauered or billeted in pursuance of this act for the future, the men and their herfes shall be billeted in cn£ and the fame house, except in '-ff* of ueceffity, and that in no other case whatsoever there be Icfs than one man billeted where there shall be one or two horses, nor less than two men where there Hull be four horses, and so in proportion for a greater number j and in such case cud4, man Audi be billeted as near his horse as possible.

XXX. And whereas some doubts have arifejt whether commanding officers of any regiment, troop, or company, may exchange any men or horses quartered in any town or place with another man or horse quartered in the same place for the benefit of the service: be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such exchange as above mentioned, may he made by such commanding officers respectively, provided the number of men or horses do not exceed the number at that time billeted on such house or houses, and the conffdbles, tithing-men, headboroughs, and oiler chief officers and magistrates of the cities, towns, villages, or other places where ar.y regiment, troop, or company shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such men and horses so exchanged accordingly.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the thirty-fivft day of Match, one thousatu! seven hundred and ninety-one, no paymaster.general or paynialler of the army, paymallercf the marines, her -tary at war, commiflury, or muUer-mader, or any other officer whatsoever or their under officers, shall receive any fees, cr make any deductions whatsoever our of the pay of any officer or fohlier in his Majestys army, or from their agents, which shall grow due from ami after the said thirty-full day of March, one ili'm-sand seven hundred and ninety-one, other than the usual deductions for clothing, and such other neccflkry deductions as are now made, or shall from time to time be directed by his Majesty under lus royal sign manual.

XXXII. And that the quarters of officers and soldiers in this kingdom, may hereafter be duly paid and finished, his Majesty's duties of excise better answctcri, and that the owners of houses on whom officers and soldiers shall be billeted, may be encourage d to provide proper accommodation for such officers, soldiers, and their horses: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That except during such times as the troops shall be on their match, or during such times as tin re shall be any commotion in any part of this kingdom, payment shall be made for each officer and soldier during the time he or they shall occupy such billet, at the following weekly rates, i-ufeficct, in Dublin, for each field officer and captain, eight shillings 5 for cadi fubaltcrn officer, seven shillings*, for each ferjeam of dragoons or foot, or corporal of horse, one (lulling and one penny; for each trooper, dragoon, or foot soldier, six pence halfpenny: in the coumiy, for each field officer or captain, five shillings; lor each fubaltcrn officer, three shillings and six pence: for each ferje.mt cf dragoons or foot, cr corporal of hoise, out Hulling; for each trooper, dragoon, or foot soldier, six pence *, the payment of the officers lodging,

Vol XV. fc I1 to

Tk ll.iiiyfrjl l'iar (,f George III.

to be m.ule by the officers themselves, in the prefctit accu1 croeil manner; the payment of the men's lodgings, to be made monthly by the commanding officer of each corps, in each cju irter in confctpjciice of money font them for that purpose, by their fever.il regimental agents; and in order to enable the agents to remit fm.li money futli sums fh.dl be advanced to them, as shall be necessary, for vlii'di the regiments shall be accountable, and which funv shall be accounted for in the ufua! maimer.

XXXIII. And as an encouragement to provide proper and sufficient fta'bling for the lio'rfes so billeted, four pence per week' shall be paid to the owners of ilabfos ' for each horse, during the time each shall remain in inch manner, and under such circunilhinces, as the quarters of the'nien are paid; and in case of any troop or company ’being suddenly ordered to march, and that the respective commanding offi* cers are not enabled to make payment of the sums due for the lodging of the men and ihbling of the horses, every fuclr officer shall/ before his departure, make up the account‘with every person with whom fuCli troop orcompany may'have been quartered, and sign a certificate thereof; which account and certificate' shall be tr.msmitted to' the agent of the regiment,'that immediate payment-may be procured in the aetuftomad manner.

XrXXIY. And be it further enacted, That the' clauses and rircumstances of this {'.ct,' shall, in every particular, extend to all recruiting parties whatsoever, and their recruits, of his Majesty's land or marine forces, that may be employed on thatfer-vice'wirhin this kingdom; and quarters shall at all tiroes upon reqalfirion, be granted to such parries ami their recruits as prescribed by this act, they paying for the same at the rates before directed, notwithstanding there may be barracks in the places where'such quarters are so demanded.

XXXV. And'be-ic further enacted, That every non-coniniiffioned officer anti ibldier, who shall be billeted according to the provisions in this act, shall be entitled to ami receive preper and sufficient accommodation respectively, and also the nfe of kitchen utensils, to cook and eat their victuals in their quarters.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better and more regular provision of carriages for his Majesty's forces in their marches, or for their arms, clothes, or accoutrements, all'justices of the peace within their several counties, ft,ires, divisions, liberties, and preemfls, being duly required thereunto by an order from the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, or the general of his Majesty's forces, or the master-general of his Majesty's ordnance, shall, as often as such order is brought and shewn unto one or more of them by the quarter mailer, adjutant, or other officer, or non-commissioned officer of the regiment, detachment, troop, or company so ordered to march, issue out his or their warrants to the couflabfe6 or petty constables of the division, city, liberty, hundred, and prcciiitfc, from, through, near, or to which such regiment, detachment, troop, or company Hull be ordered to march, requiting them to make such provision for carriages, with able men'to drive the fame, as is mentioned in the said warrant, allowing them sufficient time to do the fame, that the neighbouring-parts may not always bear the burthen *, and in case sufficient carriages cannot be provided within any such liberty, division, or precincl, then the next justice or justices ef ihe peace of the county or division, shall, upon such order as aforesaid, being brought or shewn to one or more of them, 'by any.of the officers aforesaid, issue his or their warrant to the constablts cr petty constables of such next county, liberty, division or preemft, for the purposes nforclwid, to make up such deficiency; and such constables or petty constables li*aH order and appoint such person or persons, having carriages within their re-jneclive liberties, a? they shall think proper to provide and furnish such carriages and me.: uxorfoig to the warm:;: aforesaid, who are haeby required io. provide

The shirtj-JiiJl Year of George III.

ar.ii furnish the fame accordingly; ami if any military officer or officer?, for the u ft* uf whose troop or company the carriage was provided, shall force ami cc-nllrain my carriage to travel more than one day’s journey, except as hereafter excepted, or shall not discharge the fame in due time for their return home, or Hull fuller any soldier or servant, (except such as are Tick) or any woman to ride in the carriage aforesaid, or shall force any constable or petty constable by thre.Uenings or menacing words to provide fadale-horses for themselves or servants, or Hull force horses from the owners by themselves, servants, or i'oldiers, every such officer, for every such offence shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, proof thereof being made upon oath before two of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the fimo county, who are to certify the same to the paymnfter-general, or other respective paymaster of his Majesty's forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid sum of five pounds, according to the order ami appointment under the hands and seals of the aforesaid justices of the peace of the said county, who ar: hereby empowered to deduct the fame out of such officer's-pay; and the aforesaid officer or officers, who by virtue of the aforesaid warrant from the justices of the peace are to -demand the carriage or carriages therein mentioned, of the constable or petty constable to whom the'warrant is directed, is and are hereby required, before the owner of such carriage shall be compelled to take any loading, or be forced to proceed in the march with his carriage, to pay down in hand to the owner of such carriage, or his servant, the sums herein after mentioned, for every mile or reputed mile they are to march, that is to say, for every huiulml weight w’hieh the owner or owners of any wheel-carriage shall take as loading on such wheel-carriage, the sum of one halfpenny for every mile, or reputed mile he or they shall therewith march; and if any officer or person requiring such carriages as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay to the owner of such‘carriage, the sums hereby appointed to be paid, he and they'flvall forfeit the sum of forty shillings sterling to the party injured, on such proof, and in such manner as is herein before appointed.

XXXVII. And be it further etiafted, That no owner of such carriage be compelled or obliged to take any loading, until the same shall be fit ft duly weighed at the cxpeace of the owner or owners of such carriage, if he or they shall think

'fit, and the fame can be done in a reasonable time, without let of hindrance of his Majesty's service; and if any officer or oilur person requiring such carriage, shall force or compel the owner to take any loading until the fame shall Wfirtl duly weighed, if the fame can be done in a rcaforrable time as aforesaid, or shall contrary to the will of the owner of such carriage, or bib servant, put, or permit any person Whatsoever to pot any greater load upon any carriage than as is herein after directed, either at the rime of loading, or on the march, every such officer, shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings to the party injured, oil ‘ such proof, and in*such manner as U herein before appointed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no carriage impressctl by authority of this act, Hull be liable or Obliged to carry above six hundred weight; and If the owner fiiali consent to carry above six hundred weight on any carriage*, he shall bc allowed and paid at the rate of one halfpenny per mile, for every h\m-ilred above the weight of six hundred pounds put on his carriage; and the own.T and owners of such carriage or carriages (hah net be compelled or obliged to proceed with such carriage or carriages under the sum of three pence per mile or reputed mile, at the lead, in case he or they shall be required to carry a left* weight on such carriage or carriages than six hundred pounds weight for each carriage.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it through the neglrfl of any constable, after notice giv-ii as aforesaid, to provide carriages as before mentioned, the

8 T -i Olfa-.l

704 The thirtyfnf Year of George III.

A.D.

oilc-er commanuir.fr in chief fiiali he neaflitated to hv.lt, that then, and in fecit 1791. cu^c only, u rh-’i :mc! m:.v be lawful to and for find officer to take the carriage*

Ch«in. cB. wn! day's march more according to the route, paying one halfpenny per mile for each hundred weight of loadings before mentioned; and the owners of such enr-riagi's, upon complaint made w them or their servant or servants to any justice of the peace or chicf magiflratu next adjoining to the place where such carriagesT^ to have been provided, shall receive* over and above the halfpenny perriffte per hundred weight of loading before fpixiffed, three pence more per mile for each carriage, to be paid by the conlh*M« who made default in providing carriages; the said last sum to be levied immediately after demand and refusal, by warrant of any justice of the peace or chief magistrate of the place next adjoining; which said justice or chief nugistrate is hereby required to grant the fame immediately on demand, without fee or reward.

XL. And be it further cnatted, That notice shall be given to the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, at Icafl twenty-four hours before the march of any troops or companies of soldiers out of the said city, of the number of the troops or companies appointed to march; whereupon the lord mayor for the time being, shall summon a proportionable number of cars out of the licensed cars, brick cars, and other cars within the county of the said city, and so from time to time the said cars are by turns to be employed in carrying the baggage of such troops or companies at the prices, and under the regulations herein before mentioned; ami it is hereby directed, that no country cars or carriages coming to the market of said city, nor any cars or carriages coming to any of the markets of litis kingdom, Hull be detained or employed in carrying the baggage of the army on any pTCtence whatsoever.

XII. And whereas -several acts of pirliamcr.t of the sixth of Queen Anne, and the second and fifteenth of George the second, and of the eighth and r.inc- tceMh of George the third, are now. in force for the providing of carriages for the baggage of soldiers on their march, be it enacted, That the several clauses contained in the said :tAs relative to the carriage of the army-baggage, do, from tbt passing of this aS, ccafc and determine.

XLII. And be it further cnafteil, That the number of carriages to be allowed each troop or company, shall be front time to time regulated by order of government, in proportion to the establishment of such troop or company; and the sums ordered to be advanced as aforesaid, for the payment of carriage of baggage by the officer or officers respectively, fliaM be to them repaid by the paymaster-geiie-T.d, or vtce-treasurer of this kingdom for the time being, without fee or reward, on oath made by such officer or officers before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, or chief magistrate of any city or corporate town, of lus or their payment of such sum or sums for cat riages as aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it further emitted by the authority aforesaid, That if any higli-constable, or petty-constable, shall wilfully neg!c£t or refuse to execute such warrants of the justices of the peace, a:> shall be directed unto them, for providing carriages as aforesaid; or if any person or persons appointed by such editable, or petty-conluble, to provide or furnish any carriage and man, shall refuse or ticgleft to provide the fame, or any other person or persons whatsoever, shall wilfully do any act or thing whereby the execution of the said warrant shall be hindered or frustrated; every such coulUbie or other person or persons so offend-tug, full for every such offence, forfeit any sum net exceeding forty shillings, nor lei's than twenty {hidings, to the life of the poor of the parish where any such offence dall be committed; and all mul every such offence and offences, fbul! and may be inquired of, heard, and !i:r.'!y detet mined by t*.vo of his M/tjcfiv’s justircs el’ the iv.lv, dv.ehing in or tk,;r the place where Inch offence fliuli be committed,

who

The ibirtj-Jlrjl Year of George III.

who have Hereby power to caulc the Cud penalty to be levied by dm:. A xv.J. (.i.c of the offenders goods ami chattels, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner.

XLIV. And be it enacted by the authority ah re said, That if any officer, military or civil, by this att authorized to quarter soldiers in any luudes hereby appointed for that purpose, shall at any time, during the continuance of ties art, quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid fciv.mts of any officer or soldier hi any such houses, against the consent of the o\vu< is, the party offending, if an officer of the army, shall, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the commander In chief of the army, or judge ndvccate, be ipp fafti c.iffiiereci $ and if .1 conibble, tithing-man, or other civil officer, he Ih.di forfeit tj the party aggrieved twenty shillings, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the uext justice of the peace, to be levied by warrant of such justice, by distress and fate of his goods, rendering the overplus to the party, after deducting reasonable charges in taking the same.

XLV. And for the better preservation of the game, in or near such places whore any officers or foldkrs shall at any time be quartered $ be it emitted by the authority aforesaid, That if, from and after the thirty-full day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, any officer or foidier, Audi without leave of the lord of the manor, under his hand and leal, first had and obtained, take, kill, oi dellroy any hare, coney, pheasant, partridge, or a:.y other fort of fowls, or any poultry, or fish, or his Majesty's game within this kingdom, and upon complaint thereof, shall be, upon oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, convicted before any justice or justices of the peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorized to hear and determine the fame, that is lo say, every officer so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be distributed amongst the poor of the place where such offence Hull be committed *, and every officer commanding in chief upon the place, for every such offence committed by any soldier under his command, shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, to be paid and riiilrtbuted in manner aforesaid; 2nd if upon conviction made by the justices of peace, and thereof ;flf> made by the constable or ovexfoets of the poor, such officer fii.J! refuse or wglcfl, and not within two days pay the ffitd respectirc penalties, such officer so refilling or neglecting, shall forfeit, and he is hereby declared to have forfeited his commissio:), and his commissioti is hereby declared to be null and void.

XLV|. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every non-commissioned officer who Shall be convicted at a general or regimental court martial of having embezzled or mifcpplkd any money, with which he may have been enrrufted for the payment of the men under his command, or fer enlitling men into his Majesty's service, shall be reduced to serve in the ranks as a private so-dicr, and be put under lloppages until the money be made good, and fuller such corporal puntlkment, not extending to life or limb, as the coutt-mauial shall think fit.

XLVII. And whereas several soldiers being duly lifted, do afterwards defort, and are often found wandering, or otherwise absent themselves illegally fresh his Majesty's service: it is hereby further emitted, Tim it shall and may be lawful to and for the constable of the town or place where any person, who may be reasonably suspected to be such a deserter, shall be found, to apprehend, or c.iufe him to be apprehended, and to ciufe such person to be brought before any jullici of the peace living in or near such town or place, who hath hereby power to examine such fnfpetted person, a;nl if by his conieill.in, or the testimony cf one or more vvkncls or witnessos upon oath, cr by the knowledge of such juili* of the peace, it flinU appear or be found, that foc:*. foipettad pel ion is a luled soldier, Voi, XV. y and

7 °5

A. P.

1791. C.li.’p. ;R.

o6 The ihirly-jirft Year of George III..

A.D.

ri-d ought ro be with the troop or company to which he belongs, such jufliee of i"Oi. £'ie Pc:ice forthwith csufu him ro be conveyed to the gaol of the county or Clirtp. 23. wlteTc he Avail be found) or the house of corre£ion, or other publick-prison in such town or place where such deserter shall be apprehended, or to the provost-nurttal, in case such deserter shall be apprehended within the city or liberties of Dublin, or places- adjacent, and trnnsmit an- account thereof to the chief secretary to the chief governor or governors of this’ kingdom for the time being, to the end such person may he proceeded against according to law;- and the keeper of such gaol, house of correction, or prison, shall receive the full subsistence of such dc-ferter or deserters during the time that he or they shall continue in his custody, for the maintenance of the fair! deserter or deserters, but shall not be entitled to any fee or reward on account of the imprisonment of such deserter or deserters; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVfH. And for the better encouragement of any person or persons to secure or apprehend such deserters as aforesaid: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 'I'hat such justice of the peace shall also issue his warrant in writing to . the collector or collectors of his Majesty's revenue, in the district where such de-

ferter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the revenue by him collected, into the hands of such person who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any deserter from his MsjcAy’s service, the sum of twenty shillings for every such de -9ferter that shall be fd apprehended and committed \ which‘fum of twenty shillings

shall be f.iustied by such collector or colJeflors to whom such Warrant shall be di-

rected and allowed upon his account.

XUX. Provided always, That if any person Anil harbour, conceal, or aflifl any deserter from his Majesty's service, knowing him to be such, the person so

‘ offending, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds; or if any person shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive anyneesffaries, or Any anils, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the king, from any foldicv or deserter, or any other person upon any account or pretence whatsoever, or cause the colour of such clothes to be changed, the person so offending shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds upon conviction, by the tfath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, beford any* of hie M.ijc fly’s justices of the peace, the said respective penalties of five pounds, and five pounds, shall be levied by warrants under the hands of the said justice or justices of the peace, by distress nnd'fnle-of the goods and chattels of the offender, one moiety of the f.iid first mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer by whose means such deserter {Hall be apprehended^ and one moiety of the said lull mentioned-penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer, and the residue of the said respCclive penalties to be.paid to the:o'fiicer to whom any such deserter or soldier did belong; and in case any offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring or aififlingany such defector or deserters, or having knowingly received Mlfy’necessarlcs^or any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, or having caused the colour of such clothes to be changed contrary to the intent of this act, shall not have 'fuflicierit goods and chattels Whereupon distress may be made to the value of the penalties recovered against him for such offence, or shall not pay such penalties within four days after such coiiviction, then, and in such case, such justice of the peace shall and may by warrant under his hand and fe.d, either commit such offender to the common gaol, ther.e to remain without bail or mainprize for the spacu of three months, or cause such offender to be publicly whipped, -at the discretion of such juf-t ice.

L. Provided always, That no commissioned officer shall break open -any house to feateli for dcfcrteis without warrant from the justice of the peace; and that every

The thlrty-first Year of George III. 707

every commissioned officer, who shall, without warnnt from one or more of his j)

Majesty's julHces of the peace, which said warrants the said justice or justices are I jp I. hereby empowered to grant, forcibly enter into, or break open the dwelling-house Chap -'R, or out-houses of any person whatsoever, under pretence of foarching for deserters, shall upon due proof thereof forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for his Majesty to form, make, and establish articles of war, for the better government of his Majesty's forces.

I, H. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for bringing offenders against such articles of war to justice, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty to empower the chief governor or governors of this kingdom to erect and conflhute courts-martial, with power to try, hear, and determine any crimes and offences by such articles of war, and to inflict penalties by feiucucc or judgment of the fame within this kingdom.

LIII. Provided always, That no person or persons shall be adjudged to fuller any punishment extending to life or limb by the said articles of war within tills kingdom, except for such crimes as are expressed to be so punillnble by this act.

LIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any officer or foidkv shall in any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the fens, or elsewhere beyond the fe.is, commit any of the offences triable by couus-mamff by virtue of this ami Hull come or be brought into this realm before he be tried by a court-martial for such olfence, such officer or soldier shall be tried and punished for the fame, as if the said offence had been committed within this realm.

LV. Provided also, That no person or persons being acquitted or convicted of any capital crimes, violences, or offences by the civil magistrate, shall be liable to be punlshed by a court-martial for the fame, otherwise than by cafhicring.

LVI. Provided also, That if any officer, non-commissioned officer, or soldier,

shall be accused of any capital crime, or cf any violence or offence against the person, estate, or property of any of his Majesty's subjects, winch is punishable by the known laws of the land, the commanding officer or officers of any regiment, troop, or company, or party, is ana are hereby required to use his utmost: endeavours to deliver over such accused person to the civil magiilrarc; and shall ’ also be aiding and affixing to the officers of justice in the seizing and apprehend- > ing such offender in order to bring him to trial 5 and if any such commanding officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse upon application made to him for that purp.ofc, to deliver over any such accused person to the civil magistrate, or to be aiding or assisting to the officers of justice in apprehending such offenders, every such officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the peace for the county where such fuel is committed, by the oath of two credible wii-lictTes, shall be deemed and taken to be ipf> foci* cashiered, and shall be utterly oifabled to have or bold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service i provided the said con\i«flion be affirmed ;:t the next quarter-sessions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

LVII. Provided a!wnys, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every present and future p.syuvafter, agent, or clerk of any gnrrifon, regiment, troop, or company, who L> «,r (In,11 be liable to account with any of the executors and administrators of every officer or soldier for any of the pay of fuJi oftker or soldier, by him or them received, fh:dl, on reasonable demand made by fut.h executor or administrator, deliver a just and true account to any such executor or adn.iniftr.uor, of such sum or fun:* of money a-, he or they {1 ali Lac so r-.fp -8 0? ’ tin-:/

o8 Tie thlny-fnjl Year of George III.

P ihcly receive*! for such officer or soldier, a:u! for which they ought so to accoun

j j ax aforesaid, such executor or admimlrator paying for the same, and shall aicrui

Cli ii tS with filth executor or sdniinillrator for the fame; anti that every such paymaster, agcid, or clerk of any gjrrifou, regiment, troop, or company offending herein,

(halt forfeit the like penalties, and to be recovered in like manner as appointed by

this act, for such colonels or agents not giving due accounts of or for the pay of the find officers or soldiers, to and for such officers and foUUers them-kivos.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action, bill, plaint, or fuir, shall be brought against any person or persons foT any act, n-itur, or thing to be acted or done in pursuance of this act, that it shall and may he lawful to and for all and every person and persons sued as aforesaid, to plead thereunto the general issue, that he or they arc not guilty, and to give such special matter in evidence to the jury, which shall try the issue, which special matter being pleaded, had been a good and sufficient matter inlaw to have discharged the said defendant or defendants to the trespass or other matter laid to his or their charge\ and if the verdict shall pass with the said defendant or defendants in any such action, the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein become nonsuit, or suffer any disemitimiance thereof, that in every such case the justice or justices, or such other judge before whom the said matter shall be tried, shall, by force and virtue of this act, allow unto the defendant or defendants, his or their table costs, which lie or they shall have sustained by reason of their wrongful vexation in defence of the said nftinn or fuir, for which the said defendant or defendants shall have the like remedy as in other cases where costs by the laws of this realm are given to defendants.

OX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every bill, plaint, action, or suit against any person or persons for any act, matter or thing to be acted or done in pursuance of this act, or against any member or niinifter of a court-martial in respect of any sentence of such court, or of any thing done by virtue, or in pursuance of such sentence, shall be brought in some of the courts of record at Dublin, and in no other court whatsoever*

LX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons whatsoever who shall directly or indirectly persuade, or procure, or endeavour to persuade, or procure any soldier or soldiers in the service of his Majesty, or of hw heirs or successors to desert, such person or persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered in any of the courts of record in Dublin.

LXI. And to prevent as far as may be any unjust: or fraudulent arrests that may be made upon soldiers, whereby his Majesty and the public may be deprived of their service *, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person whatsoever, who is or shall be lifted, or who shall lift and enter himself as a volunteer in his Majesty's service as a soldier, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service by any process of execution whatsoever, other than for some criminal matter, unless for a real debt, or other just catife of action, and unless before the taking out of such process or execution, not being for a criminal matter, the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein, or some other person or persons on his or their behalf, shall make affidavit before one or more judge or judges of the court of record, or other court out of which such process or execution shall issue, or before some person authorized to take affidavits in such courts, that to his or their knowledge the original sum justly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs from the defendant or defendants in the action or cause of action, on which such process shall issue, or the original debt for which such execution shall be issued out, amounts to twenty pounds at icaft, ever and above all costs of suit in

the

'T/jl' thinj-Jhfc Year of George III.

709

tV.J f’.me action, or In any oilxr action on which the lame shall be grounded, a A. X). memorandum 01 which oath fh.ift he marked on the I'Ju cl inch process or writ, I'yQI, for which memorandum no fee fluil he and if any person lh.dl n*.-vesseless Chap. 28

be arrested contrary to the intent of this it Dull and maybe lawful to and v-—/— for one or more judge or judges of fi.c’i c-unr, upon u.mpl.iim thereof nude by the party himself, cr by any his fupetior officer, 10 ex.i:iiine into the fame by the oath of the parties or othcnvilc, and by warrant under his or their hands and leal5 to discharge such fohlier so arrested contrary to the intent ct this act, without paying any fee or fees, upon due proof made before him or them, that such hither so arrested was legally entitled as a foidier in his M -j.Hly’s service, and ar-rdled contrary to the intent 01 this act j and also to uw.,rd 10 the party so complaining such costs as such judge or judges fiull think rcafouabic, for the recovery whereof he shall have the like remedy that the person who takes out the fijil execution might have had for Ins costs, or the plaintiff in the like action might have had for thv recovery of his costs ill case judgment had been given ror him with costs again (I the defendant in the said action.

LXII. And to the end that honest creditors who aim only at the recovery of their just debts due to them from persons entered into, and lifted in his Majesty's service, may not be hindered from firing for the fame, hut on the contrary may be assisted and forwarded in their suits, and instead of an arrest, which may at once hurt the service, and occasion a great expence and delay to themselves, may be enabled to proceed in a more cafy and cheap method: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon notice first given in writing of the cause of action, to such person or persons so entered, or left at Ids or their last place of residence before such lifting, to file a common appearance in any action to be brought for or upon account of any debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such plaintiff to proceed . therein to judgment and outlawry, and to have an execution thereupon, other than against the body or bodies of him or them so lifted as aforesaid 3 this act or any thing herein or any former law or statute to die contrary notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it chafted by the authority aforesaid, That from the pafltng of this act, no foidier being arrested, or confined for debt in any prison, gaol, or

Other place, shall be entided to any part of his pay from the day of such arrest or confinement, until the day of his return to the regiment, troop, or company to which he shall belong.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any high-constable, constable, beadle, or other officer or person whatsoever, who by virtue or colour of this act, shall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billeting any officers or soldiers, shall neglect or refuse to quarter or billet such officers or soldiers when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this act directed, provided sufficient notice be given before the arrival of such troops, 'or shall receive, demand, contract, or agree for any sum or sums of money, or any reward whatsoever for or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse any person or persons whatsoever from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their house or houses, any such officer or foidier} or in case any victualler, or any other person liable by this act, to have any officer or foidier billetted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive any such officer or foidier, or shall refuse to furnish or allow sufficient and proper accommodation, according to the intention of this act, or utensils to cook and eat their victuals to non-comnriflioned officers and soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to furnifll good and sufficient {tabling for each horse so quartered on him or her as aforesaid, at the rate herein before mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted be-

The thtrlyjiijl Year rf' George III.

fcrc one or more jcflice or justices of the peace of the county, city, or Kiwis.-within'which such oiTence (lull-be committed, either by his own confession, or by tjic oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, which oath the f.iid just ice or justices is and are hereby empowered to administer, every such Idgh-confUbic, Constable, beadle, or other officer or person so offending, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum- of five pounds, or any sum of money not exceeding five pounds, nor lets than forty Anilines, as the said. justice or justices, before hum the matter shall be heard, shall in his or their discretion think fit, to be levied by. distress and file of the goods of the perfo;i so offending, by warrant under the hand. 2nd seal, or ln?.ds and f-als of such j:slice cr justices before whom, such c/Tender shall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other constable within the county, city, or liberty, or to any of the overseed of the poor of the pafifli where such offender shall dwell; which f.ud fupi of.five pounds,

or the said funv not exceeding five pounds, nor Icfs than forty fiiillingv when levied,. (V.rilbc applied in the first; place in making such satisfaction to any soldier. for the expenco he may have been put to by. r$afon of his not being billeted or quartered as aforesaid, as such justice or justices ftial.l oyder and d^ecl, ao4tkc . remainder fli.ill- be paid to the overseers of the poor of thq parish wh$rfin,the of, fence be committed, or to- fotr.c one of them for. thq ufo of, the poor, of the f,iid parish.

LXV. And for the better preventing abuses in quartering or billeting^ the fol-- diurs in ptirfuance of this act; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,-. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any otic or^torc justice or justices of the peace within their respective counties, cities, oi liberties, by warrant or order under his or their hand and seal, or hands, and foals, at any time or times during" the continuance-of this act, to require and command any high-pon/table, constable, beadle, or other bfficer who shall quarter or.biljet apy soldier in pursuance, of -this afly to give an account in writing unto the said justice or justices requiring the fame, of the number of officers aiuj fqldier^ who ,be-quartered.or.

billetted by them, and also the names of the House-keepers or performs upcyi whom. every such officer or soldier shall be quartered or billetted, together with'an account .-of the ftrcei or place where every such house-keeper. dwells, and of, the figo, if any, belonging to their houses,- to the end it may appear to the said justice or, juf-. ticcs where such officers and soldiers are quartered- or billeted, and.fhat he or they ( may thereby be better enabled to prevent or puniffi all abuses in she. quartering-or. billeting of- them.

LXVI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, by. the authority pfpre-find; That from and after the thrrty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, when and as often as any person , Nor perfoqs shall be en-lifted -as a soldier or soldiers in his. Majesty's land fervipe, he and they shall 1 within four - days, but not sooner than twenty-four hours after such enlisting. respectively-, be carried before the next justice of the peace of any comity, city, or place, or chief-magistrate of any city, or town-corporate, not.beipg an.officer -. in the army, and before such justice or chief magistrate, he or they, fliqll be at , --liberty to declare his or their dissent to such entitling, and upon such declaration, and returning the euliiling money, and also each perfpq so dissenting paying , the sum ci jtweiny shillings for the charges expended or laid out upon jiim, such person or personss so enlisted, shall be forthwith discharged and Jet-at.liberty in <ihe presence of such‘justice or chief magistrate; but if such person or persons ftullrcfufe or neglect- within the space of ttveqt.y-foui;, hours to return and pay. such money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken ta.be.eulifte.d,.iias. if -he or they had given his or' their assent thereto befoje, the foil) justice or chief magistrate.;-or if.such person or persons shall declare his. or their haxipg volpn-.

tarily

£ /Jd iiJiTi* cuV UJ VjCOi'^;. i i I,-

tarfly enlisted himself or themselves, then such justice orchitf magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his hand, that such perfbii or persons is or are duly enlisted, felling forth the place of the birth, age and calling of him or them respectively, if known, and that the freond and (Ivtli fc&ions of: the articles of-war against mutiny and defution were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the oath mentioned in the said articles of war; and if ’any such person or persons, so to be certified as duly enlisted, Ihidi refute tO'tnkfrthe said oath of fidelity before the find justice or chief magistrate, it Hull aml.may be lawful for such officer from whom lie has received such money as afdroTaid, to detain’or'confine such person or persons, until he or they shall take tius-oath before required; and every military oifuer that shall act cmiiraiv hereto,'or'offend herein, find I incur the like penalty and forfeiture, ns h by this a cl toibe infiicled upon any officer for1 making a fa lie and untrue vnuller; and the penalryvand forfeiture Hull be levied and recovered in the same manner as any penalties and‘forfeitures are by this nft-ro be levied or recovered.

LXVII. And bcifr further enactid'by the authority aforesaid, Tli.it if any pi-rson or persons-Avail receive the crilifling money from any officer, knowing it to befuefy andffilill abfcoftd,' or;refuse-'\o -go before such justice or chief nmgiflrat:, iti order to declare his afleiit'or difitnt’as aforesaid,' such perloiv or jmrfbi^ shall be: deemed and taken* to be1 cnlified'to all intents' ami ;purposes whatsoever, and fivaUiand’may1 bfe'proceeded against,' as if'he or thby had'taken the oath'di-rs&ed> by the said* articles of war to-be- taken ‘before ful*h! justice or chief‘magif-trat-e-’

LXVUL And whereas if-is1 neCcflsry'that accounts'of the ‘recruUing’ fdrvice fl\buld bc TegularlyitransiniUcd:' bb-iC’enacted, That every officer employed in the recruiting, anytregiment, troop,- or‘company of’hU’M’.tj'dfly’s forces‘serving in and belonging to the cflkb]iflim£nt,kof’ this kingdom,’ flisill, and he Whereby directed :and.:required‘eVcry-two -moriths to make up' and ‘ transmit, examined and certified byhls' commanding officer,* if Wident hrlreknid/who iti this case fliailp-and h6ishbebydirested'hnd'required to certify‘the1'fame to theadjiitant general'of*:his Majesty's forced, ait* abilraft'of the ‘ntihibers recruited during the two preceditig montHs,'and also to trdrismit a copy or the said ‘abflracl,' together with* a regular and exact: account of tKe eSpences"which’ have ‘attended the said service 'ddring the two preceding m'onthi to the agent' of ‘tlic- corps ‘for which such officer is-TecruitingrespectivelyV and on failure^ herein the officer' tKrough’whose mglcft* such abstract 'and account,' or 'a copy thereof/ shall not’ have -been trans-^.!iac<ltothe, acij<ttant-genernl,‘or to the-agent of the corps respectively, shall be* liable* :ttf-'bd-tried -for such neglect ‘by a general court-martial j* and1 if convicted flvall:be‘caflucred,‘or fimll fuffc’r fi/ch other' pfiriishment as'by such court-martial shall be owarded^aml th’ecommrmding officer of‘th’e’regifnehf/ troop,: or company iatwhtch'fu'ch meglcct shall be 'coinmirte‘d, ih;ill,: an’d lie is hereby difefted and ‘ required Cot make a report thereof *to his colonel; if in Ireland/ -who' shall report thti-famo to- the-cammander in chiefs or to th'^ secretahy to th‘e chief governor' of ' governors;<ofrhfe kingdom' for- the tiihebeingi' or in his abferice ‘to the uiidtr secretary for the military department,-in order that'th'e ‘officer fo‘ neglecting fr.ay btibroughc so^ trial for the fame.-

LXl'X.- Artd-be it enactedj-'That Oveiy paymaster of a reglment, troop/ or coir.*-p:my*'ofidu9*Majesty?8'tegular forces ferring in‘ and bcloilging -to' th'e eslablifti-ment. of- thife kingdom* shall/’and he* is hereby ditecle.l' tfiqiitred to* make but and trinsmit to-theagent- of fu'ch iegitfifcnty troop,- or company,' aii account every' tveo months of thb cxaft'subsistence'^ftutilly paid to cfK'ftlvc officers'and men, and of the -brokenr periods‘arlfilig* fr6ni‘ deaths, dcfcrlicirs/cr discharges of melt in*th& ccurfc of the said two months, and cn the t!;:rty-f:ift day of March > and

8 R 2 thirtieth

A.D. 179L Ch.-.p. aS.

The ihlrty-fnf. Year of George III.

P thirtieth dr»y of September ia evvry year, t!.: find paynr.fter shall, and lie is hereby

*A qiiil «v*l- iii% iihI tiur'ilii f1irr*i* rv'nnfJ-.c frnm f»r-l> esf tlir 'ilmvi*

Majesty's regular forces for the preceding six months, distinguishing the fubfiffence of recruits, levy money, and every other article of expence -under their several heads, an account of the poundage paid to the effective men in the preceding fin months, an account of hufpitnl expences, travelling expences of officers and horses before they join the troop or regiment, and all other lesser contingencies which are now, or which his Majesty shall by any future regulations under his royal sign manual, direct to L-e allowed for the preceding six months, under their several heads, the said-respective accounts to be examined and certified by the commanding officer of each respective corps, who shall, and he is hereby riirested and re-

quired to examine and.certify the fame, and on failure herein, the paymaster,

through v.’hofc neglect the said respective accounts shall not be transmitted as

aforesaid, ihallbe liable to a trial for such neglect, by a general court-martial, and of convicted shall be cashiered, or shall fuffirr such other punishment as by such

court-martial shall be awarded; and the-commanding officer of the regiment, troop, or company, in which such neglect shall be committed, shall, and he is hereby directed and required, to make a report thereof to his colonel, (if in Ireland) who shall report the same to the commander in chief, or to the Secretary to

the.chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or in his absence, to the under secretary for the military department, in order that the officers offending may be brought to a trial for the same.

LXX. And be it enacted, That from and after the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one,- the agent of every regiment, troop, and company of his Majesty's regular forces, fenring in, and belonging to the dhblishment of this kingdom, shall, and they are hereby directed and required, to make up an annual account of each regiment, troop, and company for the preceding year, ending the thirty-first day of March, the said accounts to be made up within six months after the expiration of the year, and in the said accounts the several impress or monies received, including the monies received for call horses fold, and every other receipt which belongs, and ought to be brought to the.credit of the publick, in the accounts of the respective corps, and the several disburseraents or monies paid shall be properly distinguished under their several heads, of service, the arrears due to the several officers, and the agency due to them upon the full pay of tire commissioned officers, non-commissioned officers, and private men of the several corps, then and there to be charged, and the balance then struck which is due from the publick to the said regiment, troop, or company, and to transmit the fame within the said limited time, together with the said proper vouchers, agreeable to the present (landing regulations, or any future regulations-which his Majesty shall, under his royal sign manual, <lire£l to the office of the secretary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and on failure herein, or in any other of the -regulations prescribed to the said agents by this act, the agent or agents so offending, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every offence, to be recovered by any person or persons who shall sue for the same; and the secretary to tin:

chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the *time being, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to examine and settle, or caufs to be examined and settled, the aforesaid animal accounts: provided always, That the same shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge any agent or agents from making up, in the course of the year, such account or accounts as the chief governor or governors

The ihiriy-frjl Year of George III. etj

jfQ\erncriof this kingdom, for the time being, may ha%c occasion for, or require* A.D.

and any agent or agents refilling obedience to inch requifirion or requifirions shall be liable to the penalty aforesaid. Chap. 2fj.

LXXI. Ami in order to prevent all doubts that may arise in relation to punish->ng crimes and offence.; committed against a former act of Parliament forpunish-ing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all crimes ami offences winch have been committed again! the said act, shall and may, during the continuance of this prefen: act, be enquired of, heard, tried, and determined, adjudged, and punished before, and by the like courts, perfous, powers, -authorities, wave, means, and methods, as the like crimes and offences committed against this net, r.tty be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punished* and the proceedings of a court-martial upon any trial begun under the authority of such former act, shall not be discontinued by the expiration of the lame, but it ih.'.ll be lawful to proceed to judgment upon such trial, and to carry such judgment into execution in the like manner, as if the proceedings had been commenced under the authority of this act.

LXXII. Provided always, That no person shall be liable to be tried and pumlhcd for any offence again! the said act, which shall appear to have been committed more than three years before the issuing of the commission or warrant for such. trial, except only for the offence of desertion,

LXXHL And ir is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officers and persons employed, or that shall be employed in the several trains of artillery, be at all times subject to all penalties and punishments mentioned in this act, and shall in all respects whatsoever, he holden to be within the intent and meaning of every part of this act, during the continuance of the same.

LXXIV. And whereas it may be expedient in certain cases, and particularly in such matters wherein any of his Majesty's marine forces may be interested, that the officers of the marine forces shall be a floriated with the officers of the land forces for the purpose of holding courts-martial: be it enacted and declared, That when and as often as it may be necessary, it shall and may be lawful for officers of the land ami marine forces to fit in conjunction upon courts-martial, and to proceed in the trial of any officer or soldier of the land forces ia like manner, to all intents and purposes; as if such courts-martial were composed-of officers of the land forces only; and the officers of the land and marine forces arc in such cases to take rank according to the seniority of their commissions in cither service.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be and continue in force within the realm of Ireland, from the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to thethirry-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and no longer.

s S

CHAP.

7*4

A.D. 1791.

The shirty-frjl Year of Georgii III.

CHAP. XXIX.

An All 1o amend the Laws respecting AJffant Barristers of the Sessions of the Peace.

Recital 27 W HEREA'S an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of his

Cm. 3.

clause in said

ad,

present Majesty, entitled, A11 act for the better execution of the law, and preservation of the peace within the counties at large-, continued by which laid aft was continued by an act passed in the thirtieth year 30 Cm. 3. jjs present Majesty for three years, from the twenty-fifth of March,'one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and to the end of the then nest session of parliament: and whereas it was enacted in and by Paid aft, that the lord lieutenant for the time being, should nominate and appoint a barrister of six years Handing at the lead, not being a member of parliament, to act as assistant to tliejustices of the several sessions of the peace to be holden under said act: and whereas it was enacted, that such assis-tant barristers should severally be paid such iaiaries as the lord lieutenant or other chief governor for the time being should by warrant direct, not exceeding the sum of three hundred pounds j and whereas it hath been found that fucll salary is inadequate; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of said act as relates to the said friaries of relates to fa. the said assistant barristers be, and is hereby repealed, hncsui'cal- j[ And be it enacted, That each of the said assistant barristers iMaJtifax" a falaIT fixt)r pounds yearly, and shall likewise he

paid the sum of forty pounds for each and every session which he shall attend, upon his producing and delivering to the vice-treasurers or their deputy, a certificate signed by two of the justices at their session, that he hath duly attended during the whole of such session; and if any Juchjustice shall lign such certificate contrary to the truth of the fast, he shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by acliotl of debt by any person who shall fuc lor the fame in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin.

Tiits nr.,1 HI- And be it further enacted, That this act, together with the iticvcciud above receited act, shall continue ill farce to the twenty-fomh day

act m tone , J

to 24th Juno of June, one thousand fovea hundred and nluety-hve, and to the .'iid of "m enci the then next session of parliament.

r.m, n.'

so much of f.rd ad

to he paid 60l. yearly, and 40l. for cncli ftilion lie shall at* tend,

justice.forg* inp an uiititic

certificate to forfeit tool.

CHAP.

The shirtj-frf. Year of George III.

715

h. I).

1791.

CHAP. XXX.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, Entitled, An Act for enlarging the Time for Trials ly Nif Pans in the City of Dublin, x.d County of Dublin.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the twenty- t first and twenty-fcceml years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for enlarging the time for trials by niji print in the city of Dublin, and county of Dublin, and for making the proeefs of the court of Exchequer more effectual against persons who beingferved therewith, refuse to appear, power is given to the chiei justice of the King’s bench, the chief justice of the common pleas, and chief baron of the court of exchequer for the time being, or in the absence of any of them, to one or more of the other judges or barons of said courts, severally to try ifiues as juiliccs of nift prius for the city and county of Dublin, within the term, or within ten days next after every or any term: and whereas the refraining the time for such trials to ten days next after the end of every term, has been productive of inconveniencies, be it enacted by the King’s 1110ft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of Trinity term, one thou- arm-thrift sand seven hundred and ninety-one, it shall and may be law- ‘r

ful, to and for the chief justice of the king’s bench, the chief j^grsVn'iUi'r jufUce of the common pleas, and chief baron of the court of ex- ripcAiK chequer for the time being respectively, and each of them, and .', in the absence of any of them, to or for any other judge or for ni:-i» l»y

' r 1 . ' . mil pi IIS.

baron of the said courts respectively, as jr.uiccs of nyiprius for within am!

the county of Dublin, and county of the city of Dublin, within lflu

the term, and at such time and times after the end of every term respectively, as the said chief juiliccs, chief baron, and other jiti-ticcs and barons in their rel’peclive courts shall appoint, to try all such ifiiies as by law they, or any of them are enabled to try, with and under such powers, authorities and provisions, as in and by the said receited act, or any other act of parliament cr law whatsoever, concerning the premises arc prescribed and contained.

II. And be it further enacted, That ail sheriffs, officers, mini!- At'n-.v,.. ters, parties, whncfics, jurors and other persons whatsoever, win) |. j ";

7 tG The llirtyfrf Year of 'George III.

A.D. 1701.

or make re* turn ot pro-

‘ Ccfi,

orexfc:i»<: buy nuturi, ickuii-g i’> Utah it> tkc -city, or co. of :lic city of l)ul>iitt,

' obli.ml to give attoml-aiice, &. c. and liable to penalties, &c. as by any oilier law

now in force.

by any law now in force arc required to give attendance upon the said chief justices, and chief baron or other judges, or barons, or to make return of proctfs, or to do or execute any other matters or things whatsoever, relating to trials to be had in the city of Dublin, and county of Dublin, by virtue of any law now in force, shall be obliged respectively to give their attendance, make return of proccl's, and do anti.execute all other matters and things whatsoever, relating to any trials to he had by virtue of this ?ft, in the like manner, and under the like penalties and forfeitures, as in and by any law now in force are expressed or provided, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame and every.of-.them had been repeated and inserted in this pr.e-sent aft.

<CHAP. XXXI.

An Act for the preventing of Frauds in the Execution of Decrees obtained on Civil Fills.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS great frauds and abuses are frequently com-V V mitted under colour of an act made in the second year reeiial sd of Ilia late Majesty King George the first, entitled, An act for Gt0‘11 reviving mid amending an act for recovery of J,mall debts in afum-inary way, by ‘obtaining decrees without due service of process, by not executing such decrees until after the ensuing assizes; whereby the defendant is precluded from the benefit of any appeal; and by taking and carrying away cattle at night under colour of decrees fraudulently obtained, and felling them at remote places and at unseasonable hours, for prices much less than the real value, to the utter ruin of persons no wife indebted to the parties obtaining such decree; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, nom ill That from and after the first day of June next, every civil bill ail dvll |m|Is issued, and decree had under the said act, or under any act giving tn'LmulTas fich remedy, shall contain the addition and place of rcfidcncc of the parties, plaintiffs and defendants; and that in case of the omission thereof, any such civil bill or decree shall be null and void-to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

11. And be it further enacted, That from and after the time aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any defendant aggrieved by

on so

c-Siv.»a'.\

to crifc uni:! next afiivci.

Cattle, S:>\ t»«*t tube

ami |UlirVI«r fi.lJ ashcrii:.’, K-.v.ren lo in the so»c*

The shirtj-first Year of George III.

>)V any decree obtained on any civil bill, where the fame Hull not he executed by file of cattle or goods hJ'ore the ensuing affixes for the same county, lo depoiita the money decreed agaiull him or her, with the then flicriff, and enter into Inch bond as is by the said former act directed; and on his or her ib doing, all further proceedings on such decree thall ccaie until the next ensuing af- nei.i.d-t- u iiv.es, notwithstanding any renewal that may have been bad of enter such decree in like manner as is provided by the said former act with regard to appeals before the affixes next enliiing the obtaining the said decree.

fU. And be it further enacted, That from and after the time aforesaid, no cattle or goods taken in execution under any inch decree, shall be driven or carried to any place mere than live dun; miles distant from tire place where they were taken; and that such cattle or goods shall be sold by public cant to the highest and belt bidder, between the hours of ten.jit the forenoon and two in the u.-on ami 2 afternoon on such day, and at such place as the sherifi or his bail!?' "^1,1C ,lt,cr‘ shall appoint; first causing notice in writing entitled in the cause notice, of the time and place intended for such sale, to be polled up four days previous thereto in the next market-town, at the usual place of polling up public notices; and the plaintiff in such civil bill, or rt,ji,y, d<-the person or persons so driving or carrying away such cattle or goods, or felling them otherwise than as herein directed, shall forfeit to the person aggrieved by the fame, double the value of the said cattle, to be recovered by civil bill.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and -after the time I’cifans aforesaid, if any cattle or goods shall be taken and carried away, *kb^cMls under colour of any decree obtained upon any civil bill, between the hours of sunset and sunrise, the person or persons so taking funrift,

and carrying away the fame, shall be deemed guilty of a mifdc- mirjL'icauor;

mcanor, and being convicted thereof, suffer such punuhment by

imprisonment, whipping, or otherwise, as to the judge or judges

who in their discretion shall feein meet; and in any indictment

for this offence, it shall be sufficient to alledge generally, that the

party or parties fraudulently and contrary to the intent of this act,

carried away such cattle or goods between the hours of fun setting

and fun riling, without describing more particularly the circuin-

stances of such offence; and the property of goods and cattle so pmpvrty fn

taken, shall not be altered by any sale thereof. kTcJ by Vu".

V. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of this act To «ion<i

shall extend to civil bills and decrees issued by, or obtained at the

to the county, or county

quarter, sessions of the county, or county of the city of Dublin. u u'c"y " Vox. XV. ST CHAP.

Tie ihirly-Jirfi Year of George III.

CHAP. XXXII.

An Act to prevent Vexatious Arrcjls and Proceedings in Actions of Slander.

' N'o writ f<»r flar,tk't uuMa upon affidavit of plainliH}

not to he marked for rnoio lhari 2Coi. ivlit’rc ilnmagi*4 aic not sworn to, iMVrnl.im m/t to he held to fjU'Cial bail in more than 2CCi. llllhfi attunl ib -nuyis I worn to.

Where actual damage* I’.nlt he Ivvorn t-;, the court or judge may take lesser bath

O prevent vexatious arrcfls and proceedings in aliens of

X. ilander, lie it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no writ or process in or upon which dander shall be set forth, or marked as the caul’c of action shall issue, unlel's upon the affidavit of the plaintiff or plaintiffs suing out I'uch writ, to be made before a judge or commissioner for taking affidavits of the court out of which such writ or process shall idiie, specifying such cause of action, and that such writ or process diall not be marked for any greater funr than two hundred pounds in any case in which actual damages shall not be set forth, and sworn to; and that no defendant in such action shall be held to special bail in any greater i'um than two hundred pounds, except in cases where actual damages shall be set forth and sworn to by the plaintiff or plaintiffs.

H. Provided nevertheless, That in cases of flander in which actual damages shall be sworn to, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the court or judge before whom bail shall be taken, to admit the defendant to bail in any lesser sum than the sum sworn to, that such court or judge shall in their or his discretion think lit.

CHAP. XXXIII.

An Act to prevent the excessive high Price of Coals in the City of Dublin, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

fieamble. "13 £ it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by ftriulty onm- t[,e authority of the same, That if any person or persons, bodies combination politic or corporate, shall from and after the first day of May, one 10 rail; the tllOufanil

The ihirU-fiyfl Year of George III. 719

thous.’.nd fever. hundred ami nir.etv-cne, enter inlo any unhr.vii.l A.D. combination or agreement for enhancing the prices of coals, ii.'di person or persons being thereof lawfully convicted on any ini’or- , J’ ination cr indictment, il-.all for tvav Inch offence foricit the him r; o > of fifty pounds, to be recovered in his Majesty's comas oi Kings y,ri bench, common plcar, or exchequer, by information, or adieu 'c,‘ of debt, cue moiety of the forfeiture to go to the p.erlcn cr p.r-fons who shall lue for the fame, and the oilier moiety thereof to th.e minister and church wardens of the reipecisve parishes whcrctn fitch oiTetice Shall be committed, for the use of the poor rf the liiid parish, in which information or action no protection, ctloign, or wager of law, shall he allowed.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That /.fler ,u from and after the iirfi: day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, no person or persons whatsoever retailing coals, c.* m keep shall keep for measuring any sort of coal, commonly called ica n'c coal, brought into any harbour or port of this kingdom, any hah (jj" "J,.1 barrel, bulhcl, half hufliel, peck, or half peck, hut such as are of lic.-du, the following dimensions, and contain the following quantities, and shall be icaled by the clerks of their respective markets, vis. every half barrel shall be twenty-four inches diameter in the bottom, and twenty-five inches and an ball in the top at lead, and contain twenty gallons Winchester measure; that every hull'.cl ho twenty inches diameter in the bottom, and twenty-one inches in the top at lead, and contain ten gallons of the like measure; that every half bushel he fifteen inches diameter in the.bottom, and fifteen inches in the top at least, and contain five gallons eh the like measure j that every peek be eleven inches diameter in the bottom, and twelve inches in the top at lead, am! contain two gallons and an half of the like measure; that every half pack he ten inches and an half diameter in the bottom, and eleven incites and an half in the top at lead, and contain one gallon and a quarter of the like measure, upon pain of forfeiture of all the oih-rv.* coals which shall he otherwise fold or exposed to saie by any rctaiicr of coals, and also double the value thereof, to be recovered by any person or persons before the chief magistrate or magistrates of tTatfas" such city or town corporate where Inch coals shall be brought in lian"' and imported; who are hereby impowered and required to call the parties before them, and to hear and examine such complaints upon oath, and to administer such oath, and upon due proof thereof made to his or their satisfaction, to convict the offenders, and to give warrant under his or their hand and leal or hands and seals, for levying the forfeitures accordingly, the one moiety thereof

S T 2 to

J-2Q

The t]Arty-f:vJl Year of George III.

A- D- to be to and for the use of the person or persons so profecuiing or

1791 - complaining, and the other moiety-to and for the use of the poor

of the pariflr where such offence shall be committed.

After vcC-

ILL. And be it further enacted by the authority ai’oresaid, That

uiti«qoa>^ no mailer, owner, or keeper of any (liip, bark, gahbard, or lighter

cuali to lie w;lcrc fuci, ship, hark, gahbard, or lighter shall be of the burthen kept only o

v.oikingdays. of forty tons or upwards, shall k ep on board his or their Hup,

bark, gahbard, or lighter any coals, after such ship, hark, gahbard,

or lighter shall come up to the public quay or landing place for any longer term than eight working days at farthell; and where

such ship, hark, gahbard, or lighter shall he under the burthen

of forty tons, for any longer term than eight working days;

and in case the matter, owner, or keeper of such ship, bark, gab-

hard, or lighter, or the person or persons who expose such coals

to sale, shall permit or suffer any coals to he.kept on board any such ship, bark, gahbard, or lighter, longer than the times herein

before mentioned, after they shall respectively come up to the publick quays or landing places, every person so offending, as well

the mailer, owner, and keeper of such ship, hark, gahbard, and

lighter, as the person or persons who expose the same to sale, shall for every day such coals shall lie on hoard such ship, bark, gab-

pem'.ty q.;s. bard, or lighter, longer than the times aforesaid, forfeit respectively

t!a>’ the sum of forty shillings, to he recovered before the lord mayor

of the city of Dublin for the time being, by the oath of one or

more credible witness or witnesses, and upon conviction one moiety

thereof to be*to the informer, the other moiety to the poor of the

parish where such offence shall he committed, the same to he levied

by tale and distress of the offender’s goods, by the warrant of the

it r.p. fold mayor of the said city for the time being, unless it shall ap-

Pr‘" K! tuc fotisfadson of the chief magistrate that a longer time

ctiTary. was nccetlary for unloading his vessel.

IV. And for the more cffeclual suppressing the fraudulent practices aforesaid, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Vefli-isls- That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord mayor of the w? miii'nn" c'D’s as often as shall fce occasion, to cause all or any of on tlit- quays the ships, barks, gabbards, or lighters that shall he laden with coals, hrouphr up and lying in any part of the river Liffey, and not at the publick jni-j'c-r,lJrd quays, to cause the same to be brought up to the publick quays of the fttid city, there to be exposed to sale at the fairest price voile is may, that can he had for the fame; provided that an allowance of three days'iii'IW. da>'s fh®II be made to said vessels to remain in Poolbeg. bt'B. V. And whereas several persons make it a practice to purchase

from the matters of coal vessels the whole or part of their cargo,

and

T'fa thirty-fuf Year of George III.

lit

am! to retail the fame at an advanced price, to the heavy A.D. opprclhon of the citizens of Dublin, and contrary to the ' 79 ' law of the land, be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whosoever shall buy orcanfe to be bought person:* luty-any coals, or shall make any bargain, contract, or agreement for the purchase thereof, and shall sell the same by retail or otherwise, or shall take any measures for enhancing the or cnlnncina price of coals, or di/Tuade the mailer of any coal vessel from or t’ifftiading bringing up his vessel to some of the usual quays or land- (j&isVs' ing places as soon after his arrival in the bay as such vef- liera"' fcl shall find Toom and safe mooring between the walls,

/hall be deemed and taken to be a forcflaller, and every person offending herein and duly convicted and attainted, shall shall fur 6,a

for the first offence suffer imprisonment for the space of

two months, without bail or mainprize, and forfeit the value ""If*

of the coals so purchased or agreed for, and for the fc- »>- «*>'« »f

cond offence six months imprisonment, and double the value f , ihcfAimJ

of such coals; and for the third and every subsequent of- Ji.Iumt’ii"11

fence, shall be set on tire pillory, and fined and imprisoned

at the discretion of the court, one moiety of such forfei- iiwttw ii/nt,

J % piHortd. (itioi

tures to be levied-for the Kings life, and the other moiety a:-..* imp.iion-to the use'of the informer. 1 '

VI. And whereas a custom has of late years prevailed, and still prevails in the said city of Dublin, between dealers in coals and the porters and carmen employed in the carriage thereof to purchasers, by such dealers allowing a douceur of premium to'such porters or carmen, (commonly called the old man) by which the price of coals is, and has been considerably enhanced on purchasers; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of May, one thousand P!n

seven hundred and nine-one, any dealer in coals who shall give, or any porter, carman, or other person who /ha'i! dc-mand or receive such douceur or premium, (commonly called luicir'lcl-the old man) or any other premium whatsoeve’r, /bali for every such offence forfeit respectively the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered before the lord mayor of the said city of Dublin for the time being, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, and upon conviction one moiety to be to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed, the same to be. levied by falc and fiiftrcfs of the offender’s . Vol. XV. 8 U goods,

722

A.D. 1791. Chap. 33.

if offi ruKrV foods are not iiiilicient for ptfia'tv, he imy beiir.pri-foncil mouth.

A board to fln> Ming tip in each vshcl, containing the ii.tme of the place from -whence the coals were brought,

prn.ihv for Idling coals nmlir a false ejenominati-CU, 5l.

1 'Piiccof coals to be affixed at the mall,

ycunUy for dt-iuaiiding moir, 5l.

Irfs than a

ton in pro-I’.jjth'i,

penalty jl.

The tiirty-frjl Year of George III.

goods, by warrant of the lord mayor of the said city for the time being under hand and seal; and in case such offender shall not be possessed of goods by sale whereof such penalty as aforesaid may be levied, that then and in such case the lord mayor of the said city for the time being, shall be hereby at liberty to issue his warrant under hand and seal against the body of such offender, and thereby order the body of such offender to be imprisoned in his Majesty's gaol of Newgate, for a term not exceeding one month.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, the master of every vessel shall be obliged immediately on the arrival of every such vessel at any of the quays or publick landing places of the city of Dublin, to hang in a conspicuous place at the mast of his said vessel, or of the 'lighter, gabbard, or boat in which coals shall be brought up to flic said quays or landing places, a board with the true name of the place from whence such coals were brought, written thereupon in large legible charaflers 5 and every person whatsoever who shall knowingly or wilfully fell coals by a false denomination, or be any ways aiding or instrumental in imposing upon any buyer of coals, touching the denomination or kind of the said coals, shall for every ‘.such offence forfeit the sura

of five pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the master of every coal vessel shall likewise be obliged every morning immediately before exposing such coals to sale, to affix at a conspicuous place at the mast of his said vessel a dabd, on which shall ’be written in large legible characters the price of coals for that day per ton; and any mailer of any coal vessel or coal vessels, or other person or persons employed therein, who shall demand or receive from any purchaser of coals more than the regulated and stated price so affixed on the mast, as the price of coals for that day per tori, or if less than a ton shall demand or receive from any purchaser of coals more than the aliquot part of such price by the ton, (the 'fradlion if any excepted) shall for each and every such offence forfeit the Aim of five pounds, the said penalties to be recovered and applied in the manner herein before mentioned

The ihirij-first Year of George III.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority afuref.iid, That from and after the first day of May, one thou fund seven hundred and ninety-one, the lord mayor, recorder, and board of aldermen of the said city of Dublin, shall have power from time to time to make fuel) rules and bylaws for fixing the wages, and regulating the conduct of porters and carmen employed in the carriage of coals, as the lord mayor, recorder, and board of aldermen, or the majoiity of them shall think proper; provided, that no information, action, or suit, shall be commenced for or by reason of any forfeiture or penally incurred by any offence contrary to this act, unless the fame be commenced within the space of ten days next after such offence shall be committed.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue in force for five years, and to the end of the then next session of parliament; provided, that nothing herein contained shall be confirm'd to prevent the lord mayor or recorder from licensing and authorizing as by law they are now empowered, any number of faflors, purfers, or agents, not exceeding forty', for buying or selling coals in the said city, subject to the regulations and restric-lions imposed and prescribed by an act passed in the first year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to prevent, the excessive price of coals in the city of Dublin.

XI. Whereas publick coal yards in the city of Dublin have been found extremely useful, and there is reason to believe they might be still rendered more so, if the repositories for coals were multiplied; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the time being to empower the director of the publick coal yards to purchase or take a Icafe in perpetuity or otherwise, of such yard or yards as may be found convenient and fitting for the purpose, not exceeding two, and to apply a competent part of the fund appropriated to publick coal yards to 'he payment of the purchase money or rent of such yard or yards.

XII. And whereas it would be of advantage to the publick service, if the office of comptroller of the coal yards were exchanged for one more efficient; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said office of comptroller be changed to that of alfifiant director.

8 U ’ C I I A r.

informations, &c. toco«»-iticncv wit iiiti lu days.

In farce f ycats* and lo the (»<] t>i next feflinn, lord mayor n.ii patented from licensing ia&ors. &c. herein.

Loid Ifeii tenant may empower r!ir dirt&or of coal pids to take a lease- Hi tide!).

Ofli.1* ->f

rr.niptrol rr chnii3< -l »*i that ol'jiliilU TtlJitcflor.

The tlhtyfrf Tan of George III.

724

A.D.

° CHAP. XXXIV.

An Act for the more cjJeFlually preferring the Health of His Majesty's SubjeFls, for ereFiing an Apothecary’s Hall in the City of Dublin, and regulating the Profeffm of an Apothecary throughout the Kingdom of Ireland.

Pieamli'e. \ TT THERJiAS not only many but great inconvenien-y y cies have arisen from the want of an hall amply supplied with medicines of the.purest quality, prepared under the inspection of persons well skilled in the art and myficry of such preparations, but also frequent frauds and abuses have been imposed and practised on many of his Majesty's subjects within the city of Dublin, and the liberties thereof, ?.nd in other parts of the kingdom of Ireland, by the ignorance and unskilfulness of divers persons pretending to the art and my fiery of an apothecary, to the injury of the fair trader, the disappointment of the physician, and the imminent hazard of the lives of his Majesty's faithful iitrfunshere, and loyal subjects throughout the realm,- and whereas the lut'Sti mafier, wardens, and commonalty of the corporation of

iool. each, apothecaries, and other apothecaries of the city of Dublin,

wiling» have by their petition^ humbly prayed that an act be palfed, enabling them to raise a fund for the purpose of ereccting such hall, with such elaufes, powers, jurisdictions, and authorities as may in future prevent such frauds and abuses, and thereby tend to preserve the health of his Majesty's subjects: and in as much as Henry Hunt, Anthony Thompson, John Hafiings, Peter Kelly, George Kiernan, Richard Magan, James Mc’Laughlin, Daniel Moore, John Pentland, Roden Perrin, Robert Powell, Stephen- Reynolds, Charles Ryan, John Ufiicr, and Richard Uflter, have each subscribed the sunt of one hundred pounds for the purpose of creating a fund for the erection of such hall, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confcnl of tlx; lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in Pvelbnt parliament assembled, and by the authority of ikpmy go- the fame, That from henceforth, there shall be within the iHrtci.Iif1/ city of Dublin, and suburbs and liberties thereof, one

r.nJ tin- It.b-

company

The ikirix-first car cf George III. 725

company nr (V.utrnity of judicious :iimiiccnries well (killed A.D. in on-paring and compounding of liivuieines, lo consist of 1791

' Cjii.ii). 11,

one governor, a deputy governor, and thirteen dire dors, and the substribevs.

II. And it is hereby enacted, declared and conflifuted, i>,lfl,

That the said Henry Hunt, Anthony Thompson, Joint Had- 1

ings, Peter Kelly, C-corgc Kiernan, Richard Magan, James McLaughlin, Daniel Moore, John Proliant), Foden Perrin, fn.«irorsm Robert Powell, Stephen Reynolds, Charles Ryan, John Usher, ^'£1'. Richard Ulhcr, and others, apothecaries of the said city of Dublin, are, and front henceforth shall remain one body corporate and company, in matter, deed, and name, by the

name of the governor and company of the apothecaries hail of the city of Dublin, and them by- that name one body- politic and corporate, are hereby enacted, made, created, estabiiflied, and confirmed, and by the fame name, they and their successors Ihf.ll have perpetual fuccclfion.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, cv-mpsi.v^ That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said body

politic , and corporate, by the name of the governor and company of the apothecaries hall, to have and use one common seal, for the use, business, and affairs of the said body politic and corporate, and their successors, and to break, a* 1 ruy aW alter, and to make anew their seal, from time to time, at3’ their pleasure, and as they shall see catife, and by the fame al<1 name they and their successors, in all times coming, shall

J ® andpuwlcgcb,

be able and capable in law to have, take, purchase, receive, hold, keep, possess, enjoy, and retain to them. and their successors,- any manors, messuages, lands’, rents, tenements,' liberties, privileges, franchises, hereditaments, ' and possessions. whatsoever, and of what1 kind, nature or quality soever, and also to- purchase all goods and ’.chattels what-. p,rci,afc, soever, and also to- fell,.'-grant, demise, alien,' and., dispose of the fame manors,' -messuages, lands, refits,- tenements^&c- ' Liberties, privileges, franchises; hcrc.di laments J and poffcf--fi-ons, goods and chattels, or- any ofi them, and that by the.and fie! fame.name they and' their successors shall and may fur and w\t,ii-. implead, and be sued. and be impleaded, answer and defend, and be answered and defended in courts of record, or any other place whatsoever, and before whatsoever judges, jnf-tices, officers, and ministers, in all and singular pleas, actions, suits, causes, and demands whatsoever, of what kind, nature.

'VoI. XV. S X or

7

A.D. 1791.

The thh'Urfivjl Year of George II'I.1

Chap. 34.

Ajxtlicca-:'rlcR a* herein dcfci ilx-di on payment of jool cadi, (led-'»rc<l HuinDors,

or fort Toever,-and in as large, ample, and beneficial a manner and form as any other body politic and corporate, or any other liege people of Ireland, being 'persons' able and capable in law, may-or can have, "take, purchase, receive, hold, keep,-possess, enjoy, fell, grant, demise, alien,

: difpbTe, sue, implead, defend or answer, or- be sued, impleaded,-defended or answere'd in any wise, and fhiill.and may do and execute all and fmgnlar other matters and things by -the-name-aforesaid, that to them shall or may appertain' to do, any law, nfage, or-ctiftom now existing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such judicious apothecaries -resident in ’the city of Dublin, or within the suburbs or liberties thereof, or who have been heretofore -apothecaries resident within the-fakl city, suburbs, or'liberties thereof,-for the'term of seven years, who Khali hereafter subscribe a'sum of one hundred pounds each - respedi vely, shall be, and they are hereby enacted and declared'to be members 01 the said cor-

amt entitled poralion, and shall be entitled to all the benefits and ad-vaiuajl-!, -vantages -arising therefrom equally, and in as full and ample notincunfift a manner as the said original subsefibers; provided never-.f morcikui ^h^gf^ that the said company shall not at any one time -coufiflvcf more -than sixty members.

V. And-For the better ordering, -managing, and governing the preparations, llock, -or other affairs of the said corporation, and for the making and establishing a continued

: and: perpetual succession of persons to be governors and directors of the said corporation; be it enacted "by the authority aforesaid', and it is-hereby enacted, ordered, and ap-Tlioc shall pointed, Thatthcre shall be "from time to time for ever, of i'roraiim'to the members of the said company,-a governor, deputy go-v'-rai? vernor> aadlhirtcen,directors of, and in the said corporation, governor ur which governor, deputy governor, and directors, or'any five

deputy go-

vemorand; or more or them, or whom the governor or deputy gover-lorm °court nor, \unless as :is herein -after excepted to be always -one, ..ufdircflois; shall -be called a court of directors, for irtfpeding and direct- ingall chemical and compound preparations and experiments, and for ordering, managing, and directing the af-'fairs of the said corporation, and shall have such powers 'Hem*'Hunt !*nd privileges as are herein after -mentioned, and Henry Tver'o'1 t’-unt is hereby enabled, confiituted, ordaine-d and appointed

the

The illi ij-first 2"tar of George III.

the pro lent and first governor, and Anthony Thompson, ihc present and first deputy governor, and John Hastings, Peter Kelly, George Kiernan, Richard Magnn, James Mc'Laughlin, Daniel Moore, John Pentlar.d, Foden Perrin, Robert Powell, Stephen Reynolds, Charles Ryan, Joint U filer, and Richard Usher, are hereby enacted, ordained, confiituted, and appointed the pr-efent and first directors of the said corporation; and the said governor, deputy governor, and directors shall continue in their present respective offices, until the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and until others shall be chosen 'in their respectlive offices, and sworn into the fame, unless they or any of them fhr.Il sooner die, or be removed as herein after mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Shall and may be lawful to and for a'fl and every of the members of the said corporation or body politic, from time to time, to assemble and meet together at any convenient-place or places, until-such time as ail hall shall be creded in pursuance of this act, and after the credion of such hall, at the said 1ml! for the choice of the governor, deputy governor, and diicdors, and for the making byrla-ws, ordinances, rules, orders, or diced ions for the government of the said corporation, and for any other affairs or business concerning the same, previous notice thereof being first given-by summons in writing, to he served at the place of residence ef -each member, eight days at lead before the time appointed for such meeting! and that all the members of the "said corporation, or so many of them as shall be so assembled, shall be, and be called a general council of the said corporation, which shall meet and assemble at such times, and in such manner as herein after mentioned i and that all fuc'ceeding. governors and directors of the said corporation, shall -from and after the first day of September, one ahoufa'nd "seven hundred and ninety-two, be chosen on every first day of August, except-the fame shall happen to fall on Sunday,- and then in such case on the Monday nex-t following such Sunday, for ever, out of the members of the said corporation, by the majority of votes of all and every the members of the said corporation, who shall be personally present at such elections, which succceding deputy governor and directors shall be severally and rc-8X2 spectively

A.D. 1791. Chap. 34.

Atiilsonv

’1 .'lO'Xi'hKI, deputy i.am.t ut

lccioi.-,

to continue in oilice im* til ill S.*p:.

i~)2, ftm! until nlhers arc cimU-ii anil itvjm.

Corporation n ay ail- mble ai iicitiiv

notice of nmi-'j; by fumnio.it>,

f> mm:y as fit ill hr ftlicio-l.Lvt, to l.c cailct! n t;c-

ilCift! COIIltCl',

aftf-r ill Sept. 1792, Kover-ttof, &;c to he chosen on every j il oi

August,

(favc as luidtt)

out of (lie

fer year mu! until Ollier# f.von

7-3

A.D. 1791.

C^T>; ."4-

i 1 C,:f-: Ilf

air.-,. I.*e

Onv.*ni(»3 *i»l tlfpmy poveuuns lo hike tin- |..i-luwi^.g 0 :i;h or aflirmati-

UIlj

Odtli.

personss liy \Vlio‘m fail! oath may he mlminillered.

The ih'n ij~f>fi Ti,;r ;/ George III.

fpcd-ivaly elected for one ye nr, and until others inaii be duly chosen and sworn into th; ir places respectively.

VII. Provided always neverlhclcfs, Thai in cr.fe of death, avoidance, or removal of the governor, deputy governor, dr any of the directors of the fain corporation for the time being, the fr.rvivors of them, or the majority of them remaining in their offices, shall and may at any time assemble locc-ber the members of the said corporation, in order to eleeV other persons in the room of tliofc dead, removed, or avoided.

VIII. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby ca-

ndied, That the said Henry Hunt, hereby nominated to be the first governor, and every person hereafter to be chosen to the oliiccs or trust of governor or deputy governor of said corporation, fl.all not be capable of idling or executing "the said office or trust, until lie or they shall have taken the following oath or affirmation/

1 A.B. being nominated or defied to be governor or deputy governor (as the case Jlnill be) of the company of the apothecaries hall of Dublin, do promise and /wear or affirm, (as the case fall be) that I will to the ittmofl of my power, 'by all lawful ways and means, endeavour to support and maintain the body politic of the governor and company of the apothecaries’ hall of Dublin, and the liberties and privileges ' thereof, and that I will in all things faithfully and hone fly execute the trufi repo/ed in me as governor or deputy governor, according to the best of my fill and knowledge.

So help me God.

Which oath ox the first and p'refc.nt' governor, and deputy governor above named, shall and may be administered by the chancellor of the kingdom of Ireland, dr the keeper or com-irfiffionevs of the great seal of Ireland, or by the chancellor or chief baron of the court of Exchequer in Ireland, ‘or any of them for the time being, and tti an'd from any future governor, fttal! and may be administered and received by the chancellor of the kingdom of Ireland, or by the keeper or commissioners of the great seal of Ireland, or by the chancellor or chief baron of the court of Exchequer in Ireland for the time being, Of by tiic governor of the said corporation, or in his absence by the deputy governor for the

Tie thirty-firj' Year of George III. r 29

ihe iaft preceding year, and the said chancellor of the king- A. I), dom of Ireland, and the keeper or covr.missioners of the '79* great fail of Ireland, the chancellor or chief baron of the court of exchequer in Ireland, or any of them for the time being, and such preceding governor or deputy governor is hereby authorized, empowered, and required to administer and receive the said oaths, to and from every and any such person appointed or elected to be governor or deputy governor of the said corporation.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That none iWt.»j of the said John Mailings, Peter Kelly, George Kiernan, invi! they Richard Magan, James Mc’Laughlin, Daniel Moore, John ^'fn ihe i'o!-Pentland, Foden Perrin, Robert Powell, Stephen Reynolds, !owi"s Charles Ryan, John Usher, and Richard Uflicr, hereby nominated, constituted, and appointed the first directors of the said corporation, or any person or persons hereafter to be chosen to the office or trull of a director of said corporation, shall be capable to execute or aft in the said office of a director at any time or times hereafter, until he or they shall respectively have taken the following oath or affirmation, as the case may require, to wit,

I A.B. do swear or affirm, that in the office of director of °.uh. the corporation or company of the apothecaries hall of Dublin,

I will give my befi advice and affiance for the support and good government of the said corporation, and that I will diligently, faithfully, and honefi/y execute the trifi repefed in me as a director, according to the befi of my fill and knowledge.

Which oath or affirmation to the directors herein before ptrfunstiy nominated, and every of them respectively shall and may be «'i.e administered by the said chancellor of Ireland, or the keeper of the great seal, or by the chancellor or chief baron of the exchequer of Ireland, or by the first governor, or in his absence by the first deputy governor, being first sworn as before mentioned, and the said oath to any future director or directors shall and may be administered by the chancellor of Ireland, or by the keeper or commissioners of the great seal of Ireland, or by the chancellor or chief baron of the court of Exchequer in Ireland for the time being, or any of them, or by a sworn governor of the said corpora-Vol. XV. 8 Y tion

730 The thirty-fitjl Year of George III.

A.D. 1791.Chap. 34.

'Livery member to make o.itli ss liae-afu-r.

tion for the time being, or in his absence by a Avorn deputy governor for the time being, or by the governor or deputy governor for the preceding year, who, or any of them are hereby authorized and required to administer the said oath or affirmation to every director or directors, from time to time accordingly.

X. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That all and every the other members of the said corporation, shall before he or they severally shall be capable to give any vote in any general court of the said corporation, make and receive the oath or affirmation (as the c«fe may require; following, that is to say,

Oath. A.B. do frnear or affirm, that I will be faithful to the

governor and company of the apothecaries' hall of Dublin, whereof I am a member, and in all general courts when and so often as Ishall be present, will according to the bef of my underfunding, give my advice, council, and afifance, for the fop-port and good government of the said corporation, and that I will not take an apprentice for a fnorter term than that of seven years, and that I will not knowingly or willingly buy or retail any contraband goods-

So help me God, Amen.

fiM milt to Which oath or affirmation is to be administered by, and made before the several persons respectively authorized and impwctwi to administer the several oaths or affirmations loiimr cjtiis. herein before respectively appointed as aforesaid, and which persons are hereby respectively authorized, impowered, and required to administer the same.

The court

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, aiwadmlni- That the said court of directors ffialt have power and au-hmhll'.wth thority, and they are hereby empowered, authorized and 10 all their require(l to administer an oath or affirmation to all inferior

agents or

i.r.-aats. agents or servants that shall be employed by the said corporation, for the faithful and due execution of their several places and trusts in them reposed, in the words or to the effect following, that is to say,

I A.B. being elefled to the office or place of to

the governor and company of the apothecaries’ hall of Dublin, do /’wear or affirm, (as the case may be) that J will be true

and

Oj’.h.

The thirij-fifji Year of George III. 7 j 1

and faithful to the said governor and company, and vii/l faith- A.D. filly and truly execute and discharge the fat'd office or place '/91* ~c to the utmfi of my fill and power. '-'lP34'

of

So help me God.

And in calc any person hereby nominated or hereafter to if a governor

be elected governor, deputy governor, or director as afore- lui'nepfcrt

said, shall for the space of ten days after the puffing of

this act, or after such election, neglect or refuse to take *;. wto'

1 , i-o* ltU,f 1 IcCllOll*

or make the respective oaths hereby appointed to be ta- uitia-iinlihc-

ken and received as aforesaid, or shall refuse to take upon him his or their offices, that then and in such case, the office and place of every such person so neglecting or refuting shall become vacant, and others be chosen in their places, by a general court of the said subscribers.

X!I. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- G.unnnr said, That the governor shall from time to time, and he is p?n"Xnmu hereby required duly to summon and appoint four general " courts at least in every year, whereof one to be held on the first of August, one on the first of November, one on the first of February, and one on the first of May, in a, Wan, every year; and if at any time or times there shall be a failure of holding a general court in any of the said months, that then and so often, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for any five or more of the directors of the said corporation, who are hereby empowered and required to summon and call a general court, which shall meet and be holden in the month next coming after the month in which the fame should have been holden, upon the summor.s of the governor as aforesaid.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said G«.Kt» governor for the time being, of in case of his absence the deputy governor, shall from time to time, upon demand to him for that purpose made in writing, and signed by any '"s ;»

five or more members of said corporation, within ten days after such demand, summon and call a general court of the members of said corporation; and in default of the governor or deputy governor to call such court, that then it shall J,

/ w __ m tv c.t.1 fttih

and ’.nay be lawful to and for the said five or more mcm-bf/ . .-.wing ten days previous notice thereof by summons itv wfi.irt. to be left at the place of rcfidcncc of each r.wijfti'r, to Au'.-mon and hold a general court, and there to 0 Y 2 do

C t;l IO

d.r.f n-jtiu,

A.D.

1791

Chsp. :,4-

amt (So bull-

itcf>, ami hear complalois* if pmvritor, &c. Hull not sennit him* felt, another emm loh? calUd wi.Jitu IC (lavs to duur.une,

foverno'-, Src. may he removed for abuse of oilice,

if a Rover-nor, &c. Hull die or hr removed, another nu-mhtr shall lu'dioftn to the uJlice.

fi()Vtrtl<»r3 and directors. or any f of tiumi nviy meet at any convenient

S:e until a is creeled,

afterwards at inch hall, thereto trans* act bullnclb at'herein,

The ilAriy-fujl Year of George III.

do and dispalch any business relating to the government or affairs of the said corporation, and to hear and debate any complaint that shall be made against any governor, deputy governor, or director, for mismanagement of his or their respective offices; and if inch governor, deputy governor, or directors, (ha! not clear himself or themselves of such. complaint, to the satisfaction of the major part of the members of the said corporation in the said general court assembled, that then within ten days another general court shall be called, finally to determine the fame by the majority of their votes -as aforesaid, who may remove or displace all or any of the governor, deputy governor, or directors, for such misdemeanors or abuse of their offices, and elect and choose others in his or their room, in the same manner as the said cledions are herein before directed to be made; and in every case where any governor, deputy governor, or director, shall happen to die or be removed, cr his office shall otherwise become void before the expiration of the time for which he shall have been cleded, it shall and maybe lawful for the major part of the members of the said corporation assembled in a general court, to elect and clioofe any other member of the said corporation into the office of such governor, deputy governor, or director that shall so die or be removed, or whose office shall become void, which person so to be chosen shall continue in the said office until the next usual time hereby appointed for cledion, and until others shall be duly chosen and l'worn.

XIV. And for the better ordering and managing the affairs of the said corporation, it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said governor, deputy governor, and directors for the time being, or tiny five or more of them, of which the governor or deputy governor to be always one, except as herein after mentioned, from time to time, and at all convenient times to assemble and meet together at any convenient place or places, until such hall shall be eroded, and afterwards at such hall for the direction or management of the affairs and business of the said corporation, and then and there to hold courts of directors for the purposes aforesaid', and to summon general courts to meet as often as they shall see cause; and that the said governor, deputy governor,

and

The tbtrly-frjl Year of George III. -; 5

and directors, or the major part of them so assembled, A.D. whereof the governor or deputy governor is to be always one, except as herein after mentioned, shall and may act according to such by-laws, constitutions, orders, rules or directions, as shall from time to time be made and given unto them by the general court of the said corporation; and in all cases where such by-laws, constitutions, orders, ,vW; rules, or directions, by or from the general court shall be1-1'*3"

r , , 'V=nlms, s1'-

v,-anting, the said governor, deputy governor, and directors, »,.l

or the major part of them so assembled, whereof the governor or deputy governor dial] be always one, except as 1k, C1"’ herein after mentioned, shall and may direct and manage all the affairs and business of the said company, and choose agents and servants, which shall from time to time be necessary to be employed in the aftairs and business of the said company, and allow and pay reasonable salaries and allowances to the said agents and servants respectively, and them or any of them from time to time to remove or displace as they shall see cause, and generally to ad and do in all matters and things whatsoever, which they shall judge necessary for the welt ordering and managing of the said company and the aftairs thereof, and to do, enjoy, perform, and cxc-cute all the powers, authorities, privileges, acts and tilings Nc.Tirnie in relation to the said company, as fully to all intents and j"', il'uie purposes as if the fame were done by the governor, deputy governor, and company of the apothecaries’ hall, or by a al>J cohi|>.my. general court of the same.

XV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That when any general court or courts of directors '"Ik"lll,: of the said company shall be assembled, according to due (k-[fov.iiuil summons or appointment, in case the said governor and i« *.1’,!)'*‘Il’ deputy governor shall be absent from such meeting one hour after the time appointed in such summons or appointment tiutiimcouiy, for the proceeding to business, or sooner if the said governor and deputy governor shall signify by writing that they are incapacitated from attending said meeting by sickness or otherwise, that then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for every such general court and courts of directors respectively, to choose a chairman for that time only, and to proceed to business, and to transact the affairs of the said company, and that the transactions of the said j/i:i a time general court of directors shall he as valid and dri-dual to

S Z

734 Ybe ihlriy-jirfi Year of George III.

A.D.

all intents and purposes as if the said governor or deputy

i79t.

governor had been present, so that in every such court of directors there be five directors present; any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and every such chairman so to be chosen shall have the like privileges and authority in all respects, as the governor or deputy governor might have or exercise, if he were present.

Rwom

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and general com i, may be lawful for all members, having first taken the oaths, 'n«ri*Th°n or being first -duly affirmed as herein before directed, at their by’law!gcr‘cral court as aforesaid, the said court to consist of at least fifteen members, to make and constitute such by-laws and ordinances for and relating to the affairs and government of the said company, and the imposing mulds and amerciaments upon the offenders again! the fame, as to them shall feeni meet so as that such by-laws be not repugnant to the laws of the kingdom of Ireland, and so as that no by-law, statute, or ordinance for or concerning the composition of medicines shall be made without the approbation of win otn l^le colle§e of phyfeians, by writing under the college seal Probation uf first had and obtained, all which muldls and amerciaments piijiitiain, ° shall and may be received and recovered, to the only use and hehoof of the said governor, deputy governor, and company of the apothecaries’ hall of Dublin, and their sucessors for ever, without any account or other matter or thing to be thereof rendered to his Majesty, Iris heirs and ",limits to go- successors, and also to allow such salaries to the governor, deputy governor, or directors, as to them, flia.II seem meet; provided also nevertheless, that no governor, deputy governor, or chairman, in the absence of any governor or deputy, shall have any vote in a general court or courts, of directors, favc where there shall. happen to be an equal number of votes.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so often, as any member of said- corporation. shall wish to withdraw from the same, and transfer his fhar.c of the flock or fund of said corporation; that he-shall give notice thereof at a general meeting of said corporation, in writing under his hand- and seal; and thereupon it shall lie lawful for any judicious practising apothecary piiTvli.vVvuIii resident within the city of Dublin, or the suburbs or; liber-

nicnbei’i

Uurc,

'by-law* not to be rqi'ig*

n.i»t to lit-l.iws of the kingdom, nor for com* }ii'[itiii ot iiicdfeimjj

ernor, Src.

governor,

eicp. gm, IjT fintitnizu t;ot to \otc but when votes 3.C equal.

Notice of intention to

WIllull.l'.V. to

be irncti nt a

eci.eral

mrctiv.g,

ji jin!icio‘:$ a|iotbu*ary, rtlideiit in

The thirty~f»jl Year of George III. 73$

tics thereof, to purchase the share of such member, and all A.D. such transfers and alignments of the share or shares of such ’79r; capital stock, shall be by an entry in a book to be kept for that purpose, signed by the party so assigning or trans- ["biciiUKa ferring, in the words and to the effect following, that is a.iieitin. to say.

Memorandum, that 1 A.B. this day of tomotany,

in the year of our lord do assign

and transfer my interest or Share in the capital foci or fund of the governor and company of the apothecaries’ hall of Dublin, and all benefits arifng thereby, unto his executors,

adtninifrators, and assigns. Witness my hand

Or in case the person afligriing be not personally present, ;r ,i,t p;rr,n then by an entry in the said book, signed by some person thereunto lawfully authorized by letter of attorney, or writ- tu">' "l,e ing under hand arid seal, attested by two or more creditable hiTu'n, witnesses, in the words following, to wit,

Memorandum, that I A.B. this day of form of entry.

tit the' year of our lord by virtue of a letter of attor-

nej, or authority under hand and seal of dated the

day of in the year of our lord

do in the name and on the behalf of the said assign and traiisfer the inieref or fare of the said in the capital fock or fund of the gover-

nor and company of the apothecaries' hall of Dublin, and all benefit arifng thereby iinto his executors, lidmini-

f tutors, and affgns. Witness niy hand

Under' which transfer’ the' person to whom such alignment or transfer shall be made, shall (ign his nanie, at'testing that lie docs voluntarily accept the fame, and the entry (igried as' aforesaid' dull be' the only mariner arid method used in passing, aligning, or transferring the interest or' share in said capital stock or fund; and when any iriember of said corporation shall die, notice thereof being given at a general meeting of said' corporation, it shall and may be lawful for' any judicious praiflifing apothecary resident within the city of Dublin, or the suburbs or liberties thereof, who shall bV so minded to purchase the (h.ire of fuel) deceased rr.cm-

Z ber,

transfer to be fijttict! by the (irtfoti to whom made; such entry to be the only manner of t'ansfeiriiiE flock,

tijti'ti the

death of a m sn

apothecary nny {nircliate a; bcfoie,

7^6 27je thiriyfirst Year e/- George III.

A.D.

her, upon paying the personal representative of such deceased 1791- member the full value of the share of fuel) deceased member, an<^ entry thereof shall be made in the book or books to be nine tu be kept for that purpose, which shall contain the abstract of ic'}irefenta- the probate of the will, or letters of administration, under I-ntr’v to lie which said representative acts, and also a receipt for the HKnit as line- purchase money, to be signed by such personal representative, or by some person for that purpose thereunto lawfully ali f,.|ltianf. authorized; and all such transfers shall be good and avail-Jk* 6U, J<I 1,1 able in law, and convey the whole estate and interest of the person so transferring or ordering the same to be transferred.

XVIII. And in as much as many dangerous and fatal consequences have heretofore arisen from the practice of taking as apprentices to the art and mvftery of an apothecary, boys or persons disqualified by the want of proper education, to prepare or vend medicine, not being capable of learning their nature, difference, effefls, and qualities, to the imminent hazard of the lives of his Majesty's faithful and loyal subjects, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Fnimz'sh That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, in the June 1791. year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, no person fun mini, -ir or persons shall be received, taken, indented or employed in.-ilken 10 as an apprentice, foreman or fhopman to any apothecary luVmi!i|L|ic throughout the kingdom of Ireland, until he or they shall min-i'rij*" ex;iln'IH^ by the governor, or deputy governor, and di--irein; rectors of the apothecaries’ hall of Dublin, any five to make a quorum, who are hereby authorized and required to examine into the education and qualifications of such person or persons who shall apply to them for that purpose, —ninrity c.f and the majority of such examiners are hereby authorized "" and empowered after inch examination to certify that such iitrenij person or persons so applying to them, as shall appear to such examiners properly qualified to become an apprentice or apprentices, journeyman or journeymen, to learn or tran-Tad the business of an apothecary, in the manner or to the effect following, that is to say,

To all to whom tlhfe presents fall come -greeting, know ye, that vec the governor, deputy governor, and dircBors of the apothecaries' hall of Dublin, have this day duly and carefully examined A.B. the Jon of C.D. of, or late e>j pas the

imm of cer-Uieatfi.

the tktriy-Jtrfi Year of George III.

f-» o

case may beJ in ike county of end vie think him A. IX

properly educated or tjualified to become an apprentice or journey-man (as the case may be) to leant or iranfacl the hufness Gf c-'-v—u an apothecary, and vie Jo hereby certify the same.

Given under our J'eal the Jay of

in the year of our Lord

XIX. Provided nevertheless, That if such examiners, or ,[irollrc_ the major part of them, shall fee cause to refuse fncil certificate to any person applying to become an apprentice or Ihopman, yet it shall and may be lawful to and for such mor.-.y, person or persons who shall be so refused to apply at any future time, so as the fame be not within six months of such first examination, to be again examined; and if °n ;rthcnn'm’i-such second examination he shall appear to the examiners, ®cl,'acc,l|-

1 (if Ate may lie

or the major part of them, to 'be then properly qualified, it s>anted, shall and may be latvful for said examiners, or the major part of them, to grant such person so applying such certificate as herein before mentioned

XX. And it is further, enacted by the authority aforesaid, After frennd That it shall and may be lawful for every person who fiiali consider himself aggrieved by the judgment or determina-tion of the said examiners, or the major part of them, within ten days after such second determination, to appeal cminci!,or to the general council of the said company, or fiibscribers at large,

at large, and the governor, or in his absence the deputy prn,j) ,-governor, is hereby empowered and required thereupon to "l,',°V(a,lj1c'ra summon a general council, which shall proceed to examine the person so applying, and shall as they or the major part fc«t; of them flball fee cause, affirm or reverse the judgment of such examiners, -not less than fifteen members of said company being present, and if the members of said company, or the-major part of them, on such re-examination shall be ' of opinion to reverse the determination of the examiners, if r.-rrrf«t. > then that it shall and may be lawful for the members of said company, or the major part of them present at such Te-examination, to grant to the person applying such certificate as before mentioned, and the fame so granted shall be good, valid, and effectual in law, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had been granted by the examiners in the first instance.

v.ol. xy.

9A

738 The thirtyfrf: Year of George III.

A.D.

XX’I. Provided also, That before any person shall act en 1791 any such examination or appeal, such person shall take the following oath or affirmation, (as the case may be),

Oarb to tic / A.B. do finccrsly promtfe and finear, for affirm) that 1

tak.ii by c*- J , '

amiuer, -will faithfully, impartially, and honcjtly, according to the cell

of my fill and knowledge, execute the iruft reposed in me as an examiner on the examination of CL D. and that vjithoui favour or affection, prejudice or malice.

So help me God.

framinere» Which oath or affirmation any live or more of the examin-

admtmltcr J

oath to each ers on their first examination, or on any appeal, are hereby authorized and required to administer to each other.

From z4th

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-pc<tonwopen said, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, limp, or act jn [|jc yCar of our lord one thousand seven hundred and

;i$ ait npotlic* J

«y. naiii he ninety-one, no person shall open shop, or aft in the art or milled,as" iny fiery of an apothecary within the kingdom of Ireland, ibvfoiv, (nitil such person shall have been examined as to his qualification and knowledge of the business, by such persons and in such manner as herein before mentioned and re-cuinincisto quired, for the examination of persons applying to become litforft and* apprentices or shopkeepers; which examiners shall take the ivb'accni- oat*' before mentioned, in manner as herein before required, iicutt'j anci shall grant or refuse to the person so applying for a certificate to open a shop, or follow the art and myliery of tike remedy an apothecary within the kingdom of Ireland, with the like of appeal, remedy of appeal as herein before mentioned.

I’erfoasi'n-

XXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after such examination by the general council or subseri-r'vVTf *)ers at larSc> Person so intending to open shop. shall i;c.eof pby- think himself aggrieved, that it shall and may be lawful for lujiis, such person, within eight days after such determination, to appeal to the king and queen’s college of physicians in Ireland, who shall proceed to rc-examine the person so they may af- applying, and shall as they or the major part of them shall

fnmurrivcite_'Z ' r r t

the judgment ice caulc, atiirm or reverie the judgment or such examiners.

not less than five fellows of laid college being present; and iw piifciit; f t)le members of laid college or the major part of them, on such rc-examination shall be of opinion to reverse the determination of the examiners, then that it shall and may

be

The ihiriy-f.rjl Year of George III. 739

be lawful for the members of laid college, or llu: major part A.D. of them present on such examination, to grant to the person 1 'V1, so appealing such certificate as herein before mentioned, and the fame so granted shall be as good, valid, and efieflua! in "

Q D u.tiy u=- gia-u*

law to all intents and purposes, as if tb.e fame had been‘JakMarc; granted by the examiners in the first; infiance; provided an

KK\\\\ It* Wt

ways, thaL before any fellow of said college shall examine on such appeal, he shall take the examiner’s oath herein before mentioned,

XXIV. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful , Apuihcca-

for all apothecaries to be present at every such examination, 'N

and that every such person for every such certificate to open "o.'Xr^vrry (hop, shall pay a sum of ten shillings and no more; and for lu

every person for a certificate to become an apprentice or jour- ail,15'J for»

r cerliliiMlc iw

iieytnati to an apothecary, the sum of five shillings and no li.carm.-iin more-, which fuins shall be and enure to the sole use and Xt'Vuru’s benefit of the said company of the apothecaries’ hall of t,ie Dublin.

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That From 24th from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, in the year of

our lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, no

J J'lfUllt't' Jt|f

apothecary within the kingdom of Ireland, shall have, take, J-ais 7 receive, indent, or hire any apprentice to learn the art and myfiery of an apothecary for a lesser time or term than seven years, from the day of the -date of such indenture, article, minute, 'memorandum, or agreement, and every such indenture, article, minute, memorandum, or agreement, shall bear date really and truly the day of such indenture, article, minute, memorandum, or agreement, shall be ligued, executed, or entered into.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afire-said, That if any apothecary within the kingdom ol liahiui,

shall after the twenty-fourth day of June, in the year si.-i-.--said, have, take, indent, receive, or hire any perfim ... pvi-fons as an apprentice or as a (hopman, journeyman, foreman, overseer of his (hop, or manager of his business as an apothecary, or shall open (hop or warcroom for the retail ol medicine, or practise the art and myfiery of an apothecary within the kingdom of Ireland, without such person or pvr-

fons having obtained the proper certificate for that purpntc -

herein before directed; or (lirdl take nr,y apprentice (hr lit-: l‘v-G time than seven years, w'aofe indentures /ha): be enrolled

No rpollic

: *. ,'T

;:t

!* j.n.l’t ! IP J* 1 1.

sums rtco* veml to go tothf of tire company, ' Not to extend to apprentices, ihopmrn, otvners of (hops, &c. wlm were rtn))y U» before the paf-. sing of this act.

Arsenic, oils, or co* lours not to br kept where medicines are compounded]' penalty 5).

A pttbiick act.

IVrfons buying am! felling lefa than ilb. of atfenic, to enter and lign as herein,

The thirly~Jitjl Year of George III.

in a book to be kept for that purpose by this corporation, for which the sum of one shilling shall be paid, such person so offending shall -for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered by the governor and company of the apothecaries’ hall cf Dublin, by action of debt, fiiit, -plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts at Dublin, wherein no cflbign, protection, piiviiegc, injunction, wager of law, or flay of prosecution by non vnlt ulterius prosequi, shall be admitted or allowed, or any more than one imparlance, and the fhms so recovered shall be and enure to the use of the said company.

XX-VII. And provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any apprentice or fhopman, or apothecary’s foreman, or owner of the Ihop, or manager in or about the business of an apothecary, as aforesaid, who shall appear to have been really and bona fdi. taken, received; indented, or hired, or to have opened Ihop before the passing of this act.

XXVIII. And be it further cn,idled by the authority aforesaid, That no apothecary within the kingdom of Ireland, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one’, shall grind, compound, fell, or keep any arfcnick, oils, or colours for painter’s use, in the Ihop or riom wherein lie compounds medicines, under a penally of five pounds, the same to be forfeited, and go to the life and fund of the governor and company of the apothecaries’ hall of Dublin, to be recovered by them in the same manner, and with the like restrictions as the other penalties under this act.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall in all courts and places be deemed and taken to be a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice of by all judges, justices, and courts whatsoever, Without fpc-cially pleading the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That.every apothecary, druggist, or other such person felling any quantity less than one pound weight of arsenic, shall at the time of such sale, and before delivering, enter in a book to be kept for that purpose, the quantity fold, and the time when it was so fold, to which entry the person buying shall sign his or her name, addition and place of abode; or in case fuel', person so purchasing cannot write,

the

The thiriy-frjl Year of George III. 741

the name, addition, and place of abode of such person being firfb written, fuel) person shall set his or her name thereto, and the same shall be attested by such apothecary or druggist, or some other person present; and in calc such apothecary or druggist shall not know the person buying to he of such name, or place of abode, then such apothecary or druggist shall not deliver such arfcnic until it shall be certified to him by some person known to such apothecary or druggist, that the person buying is the same as he or (lie dc-feribes -himself or herself to be; and in case any apothecary 3If,-,;c not to or druggist felling arsenic shall fail herein, he or (lie shall j"t

forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as herein J0|

after mentioned.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- ifmifctbf said, That in case any mischief shall arise'to the person of, Jniic so property -of any individual, by means of such arsenic so 3|tii"y n, fold, and that such apothecary or druggist so felling shall happen to die, then and in such case such hook shall he as oUaiK. received as evidence in any court criminal or civil in this kingdom, of the sale and delivery of such arsenic to fuelt person so signing, upon any trial to be had at law rt-speding such mischief, the hand writing of such person so fianing being first proved in the usual way.

CHAP. XXXV.

sin AH to explain and amend an Act, Entitled, An Act for establijiiing a complete School of Phyfc in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS by the said act the president, or in ins absence the vice-president, and the college of pliy-ficians, are authorized to appoint clinical lcdurcs to be given in such hospital or hospitals in the city of Dublin, as shall be found most convenient for that purpose, until an hospital can be provided for giving the said clinical lcdurcs: and whereas the said lcdurcs arc indifpcnfably necessary to the success of a school of physic, and difficulties have been found in providing proper accommodations and convenient rooms in any hospital in the said city for giving the said lectures; and whereas an annual surplus of the funds of the late fir

o 3 Patrick

R*r;»a1 *of

no (ut t-fl irtj 2

Muv.'cf '

742 The thirty-first Year of George III.

A.D.

Patrick Dunn, applicable to the support of the Paid school of Cha'f1-' Physic’ a^ter payment of the annual salaries and other annual charges remains unapplied to the amount of eight hundred pounds yearly, or thereabouts, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority the ptefiiient of - the fame, That it shall and may be lawful to and for fuient'and'" the president, or in his absence the vice-president and col-takcEa house ^e5e of physicians, until some hospital tliall be provided for for lecturing, giving the said ledums, to take a house in the city of Dub-

until an hof- "

fjirai is pro- lin, in feme convenient iituation ror giving the said lectures, V1,l"1’ and to flirnish the fame with all necesliiries for that purpose, and to provide proper medicines and such afliflants as are necessary for the care of the patients therein, and also to disburse from ti.me to time such part of the said surplus, and of such farther farplus as shall annually arise out of the rents and profits of the said fir Patrick Dunn’s real and personal estates, as may be found necessary for the payment of the rent of the said house, and the expences of providing the said medicines, and of procuring of the said afliflants, and of the other purposes necessary for carrying on the said no additional clinical lcdurcs, which lectures the several professors are al-

allowance to

jirofcflors for ternately to give without any farther allowance for the fame lecturing. out 0y rents an(j profits, their yearly salary of one hundred pounds each excepted.

The consent

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority tccjinb"ob- a-forosaid. That the said president, or in his absence the tinned. vice-president, and the college of phyfiejans, shall previously obtain the consent of the trustees appointed by the said act, or of a majority of them, for the expenditure of the sums that shall be found necessary for answ'ering the purposes aforesaid.

locoi.majr Ilf. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it rowardieicct- shall and may he lawful to and for the said president, or chafin/an 'n his absence the vice-president, and college of physicians, hospital, as }iav;n2- first obtained the consent of the trustees, or of a ma-

ncicin, <-> ’

ami to pro. jority of them for so doing, to apply a competent part, not mdcashcrt-m, exceeding in the whole the sum of one thousand pounds of the said annual surplus, and of such farther annual surplus as shall from time to time arise towards erecting an hospital in some convenient place in the city of Dublin, for the purpose

The thirty-Jirjl Year of George III. 743

pose of giving clinical lectures therein, and for providing a A.D. piece of ground for erecting the said hospital upon, and that in case any hospital now Qxifiing can be purchased, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said president, or in his nbfcncc the vice-president, ami college of physicians, fitfl obtaining Inch consent as aforesaid, instead of eroding a new hospital, to lay out any fun not exceeding the fnm herein before mentioned, in or towards the purchase of fttch hospital for the purposes aforesaid, in case they should think it more expedient to purchase the said hospital than to erect a new hospital as aforesaid.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That So much of such part of the said annual surplus as shall from time to

time be found necessary, shall with the consent aforesaid, be as

applied for providing the accommodations, medicines, and assistants necessary for such patients as are proper subjects for giving clinical lectures, it being the intent of this act, that the said power given to the said president, or vice-president, and college of physicians, to take such house as aforesaid, for giving clinical lectures, shall remain and continue no longer than until some hospital can be provided proper and convenient for giving the said lectures.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Application whatever annual subscriptions or contributions shall be paid fcriiiiion*. or given towards the building of the said hospital, or for obtaining the privilege of having a bed therein, or of recommending patients thereto, shall be applied towards the erection of the said hospital, and the annual expences of the fame, and of the assistants and medicines necessary for accommodation and relief of patients therein.

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Act to amend and consolidale the several Act; relating to the Trials of Controverted Elcflicns, or Returns f Members to serve in Parliament.

WHEREAS it is expedient to reduce the several laws for regulating controverted cledions into one ad, together with such amendments as may be necessary for bet -9B 2 ter

Pieau.Mr,

744 thirty-first Year of ' George III.

A.D. 1791. Chap. 36.

n Geo. 3.

*3 and 14 Geo. 3/

*7 and 18 Geo. 3.

nd: 1 and 22 Geo 3. upealtfd.

ter answering the salutary purposes intended by those laws; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act passed in this ikingdom in the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to regulate the trials of controverted tied ions, or returns of members to serve in parliament; also an act pa.ffed in this kingdom in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for making perpetual an 1id, entitled. An act to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament; also an act passed in the seventeeth and eighteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to amend an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament; and also an act passed in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act passed in the eleventh year -of his present Majestys reign, entitled. An act to regulate the trials of controverted e led ions, or returns of members to serve in parliament, be from and after the end of this present session of parliament repealed, and the same are hereby repealed, and made null and void.

Petition.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the said time, twSmlsor' whenever a petition complaining of an undue election, or re-rennii. turn of a member or members to serve in parliament, shall be presented to the house of commons, a day and hour shall be appointed for taking the fame into consideration; and notice thereof in writing shall be forthwith given by the speaker to the petitioners and the fitting members of their respective agents, accompanied with an order to them to attend the house, at die lime appointed by themselves, their counsel or agents.

Nopctmon

III. Provided always, That no such petition shall be taken inmconiiJe- into consideration within fourteen days after the commence-uwTh-rein. nicnl the session of parliament in which it is presented, nor within fourteen days after the return to which it relates shall be brought into the office of the clerk of the crown.

G-mfUcrr,-

IV. Provided also, That the house may alter the day and

lion^maytie hour appointed for taking such petition into consideration, pii.tponcJ on and

vtiviiit; nonce*

and appoint fume subsequent day and hour for the lame, A.D. as occas.on shall require; giving to the respective parties the 1791-like notice of such alteration, and order to attend on the subsequent day and hour as aforesaid.

V. And be it enacted, That no proceeding shall be had tviUranm on any petition in pursuance of litis aft, unlei's the person or persons subscribing the fame, or foitic one or more of z’,1‘-x' them, fluill within fourteen days after the same shall have been presented to the hottfe, or within such further time as shall be limited by the honfc, personally enter into a recognizance to our sovereign lord the King, before the speakcv of the house of commons, who is hereby authorized to take the fame according to the form hereunto annexed, in the sum of two hundred pounds sterling, with two sufficient sure-tics in the sum of one hundred pounds each, to appear before the house at such time or times as shall be fixed by the house for taking such petition into consideration; and also to appear before any felcdt committee which shall be appointed by the house for the trial of the fame; and to renew recocnizancp the fame in every subsequent session of parliament, until a felcft committee shall have been appointed by the house for ^['"3’ trial of the fame, or until the same shall be withdrawn by bc appointcJ,

J or petition

the permission of the house; and if on the expiration of the withdrawn: said fourteen days or such further time as shall be limited by the house, such recognizances shall not have been so entered into, or shall not have been received by the speaker ,"c> 1,1C

J 1 oriicr for

of the honfc of commons, the speaker shall report the fame confidcntimi

1 1 dif^har^cd

to the house, and the order for taking such petition into unhricaid-. consideration shall thereupon be discharged, nnlcfs upon matter specially stated and verified upon oath to the satisfae-tion of the house, the house shall fee cause to enlarge the time for entering into such recognizance; and whenever such time shall be so enlarged, the order for taking such petition into consideration, shall, if necessary, be postponed, so that no such petition shall be so taken into consideration till after such recognizances shall have been entered into before the speaker.

VI. Provided always, That the lime for entering into

u tune for <‘u-

such recognisance shall not be enlarged more than once, nor inn, for any number of days exceeding thir ly. nuybeuitai"'

VII. And be it enacted, That the fuflicicncy of the sureties named therein shall be indeed of, and allowed by the

J v ' tJC rrj> >lli

Vol. XV. q C laid Ihm i.

746 The thirty-ftjl Year of George III.

A.D.

said speaker, on the report of two persons appointed by him

l79u to examine the fame, of which two persons the clerk, or clerk assistant of the house of commons shall always be one, and one of the following officers not being a member of either house of parliament shall be the other; that is to say, masters of the high court of chancery, prolhonotaries of the court of King’s-bench, of the court of common pleas, and chief remembrancer, or clerk of the picas of the court of exchequer; and the said persons so appointed are hereby authorized and required to examine the fame, and to report their judgment thereupon; and are also hereby authorized to demand and receive such fees for such examination and report as shall be from time to time fixed by any refutation of the house.

Petition

VIII. And be it enacted, That the house shall not permit any such petition to be withdrawn, except so far as the ftnt'ftaii'be ^amc mayrctate to the elcQion or return of any member or vacated. members who shall since the same shall have been present-cd have vacated his or their feat by death, or in any other manner.

lWras

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any such peti-"ioSa' kitin', tioner- or petitioners shall not appear before the house by tllrir recog- himself or themselves, or by his or their counsel or agents, nuances; within one hour after the time fixed in pursuance of this act for calling in the respective parties, their counsel or agents, for the purpose of proceeding to the appointment of a felccl committee; or if the select committee appointed in pursuance of this act, shall inform the house that such person or persons did not appear before the said committee by himself or themselves, or by his or their counsel or agents to prosecute their said petition;, or if such person or persons shall neglect to renew their said petition within fourteen fit-ring days after the day of the commencement of every session of the fame parliament, subsequent to that in which such petition w'as nrft presented, and until a select committee shall have been appointed for trial of the fame, or until the same shall have been withdrawn by permission of the house; in every such case such person or persons shall be speaiyrtn j,ejj to ]lave forfeited his or their recognizance, and the

citify ilcrf- 0 ’

upon. speaker of the house of commons shall thereupon certify such recognizance, into the court of exchequer; and shall also certify that such person or persons have made default therein; and such certificate shall be conclusive evidence of such default

The thirt)~jirjl Year of George III.

fault, anti the the fame effect of law.

recogniatnce being so certified, shall have

74? A.D.

is if the fame were elirealed from

a court rfW1' r Oaap. 36.

That such recognizance and certifi- R'c°5l."'

n stance ana

cate tliall in every Inch case be delivered by the clerk, or wiiiiicato to

J ' be* ticlivctctl

clerk assistant of the hotife of commons, into the hands of t» the court the lord chief baron of the exchequer, or of one of the ba- ul rons of the exchequer, or of such officer as shall be appointed by the said court to receive the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That at the time appoint- Mor.k—. ed for taking such petitions into consideration, and previ- i.'!.,vii'r' ous to the reading the order of the day for that purpose,’"^1, the ferieant at arms shall be directed to go with the mace i"’1:’'"'!"

J 0 i.isiheoil-r

to the places adjacent, and require the immediate attendance of thedarfur of the members on the business of the heuse; and that im- turn into con-mediately after his return, the petitioners by themselves, "-‘rat":n: their counsel or agents, and the counsel or agents of the fitting members, shall be ordered to attend at the bar; and the doors of the house shall be locked, and the order of the day shall be read, and the house shall be immediately called over, and the names of those members who shall upon such call be absent, shall be taken down by the clerk; msmbers ah-and every member who shall so absent himself (except such as are incapable by the provisions of this act from serving upon such select committee, or are absent by leave of the house,) shall be directed to attend the honfe at the next fitting thereof, and shall then be ordered to be taken, or remanded into custody, as the case may be, by the serjeant at arms attending the house, or shall incur such other confure as the house shall think fit to inflidl upon him for such nc-gleft of his duty, tmless a reasonable and sufficient excuse be assigned upon the oath of the member or of some other credible person, and be allowed by the house.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if upon calling over inwtv the house as aforesaid, it shall appear that sixty members, "'.'ff, exclusive of the speaker, are not present, the said order shall !',u c 10 !"1'

1 ' joinu 10 next

be immediately adjourned to the fame hour on the following ‘‘av, day, and immediately after the house shall be adjourned to such following day, (Sunday, Christmas-Day, and Good-Friday excepted,) when as on each succeeding day, the names ,m,0ra|,. of those members who were absent on the preceding day, (^1"^"* shaft be called over immediately after the speaker takes the «'1

' 1 , allotted or

9C 2 chair, diijilowui

74-8 Yl.e thirty first Year of George III.

A.D.

chair, and the house rtiall proceed to allow or disallow the

!7C), excuse alledged by, or for each member, as his name shall Chap^b. caj]£(j over. an(i after determining upon the matter of each excuse alledged as aforesaid, the house thall proceed as herein before is directed; and so from day to day, until there shall be an attendance of fixly members, exclusive of the speaker.

Not 10 be

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That winllmfitrs no rncinhcr ordered or remanded into custody, shall be dif-tmKr b« i-.\- charged from pa v in a fees, unless-upon excuse to be verified

cuff upon 0 1 v *. 1

oath. upon oath, and entered in the journals of the house.

if upon

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if at the time of

' drawing by lot, the names of the members in the manner herein after directed, the number of thirty-five members &c. cannot not set aside or excused cannot be completed, the order for

be cniaplcicUt

lionfc- to ad- taking such petition into eonlideration shall be immediately <P)7tiKii\o adjourned to a particular hour on the following day-; Sun-ihiuwnner, day, Christmas-Day, and Good-Friday excepted; and on the Sc- -said following day the house shall proceed in same manner, and so from-day to day till a select committee shall be ap-

Vctituinsio

XV. And be it further enacted, That if on such follow-be taken into

confidnation ing day, there shall be an order for taking any other petition

iuiotarion,

i each Jay. complaining of an undue election or return into consideration, such order shall be adjourned to the day following, and so as often as the case shall happen that any order for taking any such -petition into consideration shall be adjourned by virtue of this act, to the end that each petition may be taken into consideration successively, according to the order appointed prior to any such adjournment; and that no more than one such petition shall be taken into consideration on one and the fame day.

Names of

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-bllsiobeput fud. That if after calling over the house, sixty members, in 6 giaflcs, cxc]uf,ve ,f t]lc speajjc^ shall be found to be present, the names of all the members of the house, except as herein after excepted, written or printed on distinct pieces of parchment or paper, being all as near as may be of equal size, and rolled up in the same manner, shall be put in equal numbers as well as the case will admit, into fix glafics to be placed upon the table for that purpose, and shall there be shaken together; and then the clerk or clerk

aififlant

The thirty-jirjl Year of George III. 749

assistant Avail publickly draw out of the said glaflbs alter- A.D.

nately the said pieces of parchment or paper, and deliver

the same to the speaker, to be by him read to the house;

and so shall continue to do until thirty-five names of the 1,4

' clerk and d>

members then present be drawn. iPendtui*

XVII. Provided always, That if the name of any ratm-^w her who shall have given in his vote at the election complained of as aforesaid, or who shall be a petitioner on his "'!rofc I'4’

1 i 1 aic loue set

own behalf, as having been a candidate complaining of an aitde. undue election or return, or against whose return a petition shall be then depending, or whose return shall not have been brought in fourteen fitting days, or who shall have been returning officer at the election complained of shall be drawn, his name shall be set aside, with the names of those who are absent.

XVIII. Provided also, That if the name of any member

of sixty years of age or upwards shall be drawn, lie shall ajc ckcuM be excused from serving on such select committee, if lie re- lroni stru"w quire it, and verify the cause of such requisition upon oath;

'but if he shall not require it the first time he shall be pre- raveaskmn. sent in any session when his name shall he so drawn, be shall not be excused afterwards on account of his age during the same session.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the name of the speaker fkahen of the house of commons, and the names of such members are nut to be as shall be serving at the lime on any feleCI committee I*"' under this act, and of such members as shall have been excused during the said session on account of being sixty

years of age or upwards, shall not be put into the glasses as aforesaid; and that if the name of any member who has mrmiifrs not served on a feleCI committee as aforesaid during the fame S!u riflim*' session be drawn, his name shall be set aside, and he shall ‘")!',ls!,y

rnimillOtl of

be deemed incapable of serving on such select committee, da- iioufu. unless the house shall before the day appointed for taking into consideration the said petition have resolved, that the number of members who have not served on such select committees in the same session is inefficient to fulfil the purposes of this act respecting the choice of such select committee.

XX. Provided always, That no member who after having been appointed to serve on any such select committee, shall on account of inability or accide nt, or leave of absence -ncnf.H

iti

Vol. XV.9D obtained hs>c k'rcj.

The thlrty-first Year of George III.

75°

A.D.

obtained from the house, have been excused from attending

'W- the fame-throughout, shall be deemed to have served on any Chap. to -r . r

such ieledt committee.

Oilier

XXI. And be it further cnatled. That if any other mem-

may J

iir c*. ufjti ber shall offer and' verify upon oath any other excuse, the substance of the allegation so verified upon oath shall be taken down by the clerk, in order that the fame may be afterwards entered on the journals, and the opinion of the house shall he taken thereon; and if the house shall resolve that the said member is unable to serve, or cannot without great and inanifelt detriment serve on such feled committee, he also shall be excused from such fer-

Other names may be drawn.

Doors to be opened when 3 j members are chosen;

lifts to be given to petitioner^ »\c.

names to be (I nick off a* Jjc'ein, until reduced to 15,

f:»id.t) to be twain to try petition* &c.

-time for meet' ia^.

xxii. And be it further enacted, That instead of the members set aside as aforesaid, the names of other members shall be drawn, who may in like manner 'be set aside or excused, and others drawn to fu-pply their -places, un't-il the whole number of thirty-five members not liable to ;be set 'aside or not excused shall be complete.

XXIII. And be it further' enacted, That as soon as the said thirty-five members shall have been so chosen by lot, the doors of the house shall be opened, and the house imay proceed on any other business; and lifts of the -thirty-dive members -so chosen ‘by lot shall be given to the petitioners, their counsel or agents, and the counsel or agents of the fitting mcriibers, who shall immediately withdraw, together with the clerk appointed -to attend the said feled committee; and the said petitioners and fitting members, beginning on the part of the petitioners, shall alternately firiice off one of the said thirty-five members until the said number shall be reduced :to fifteen, and the said -clerk within one hour at farthest from the time of - the -parties Tvith-drawing from the house, shall deliver -into the house - the names of the members then remaining; and the said fifteen members as aforesaid shall be sworn at the table, well and truly to try the matter of the petition referred to them, and a true judgment give according to the evidence, :and /half be a feled committee to try and -determine the merits of the return or election appointed by the house to be that day taken into consideration; and the house shall order the said feled committee to meet at a certain time to be fixed by the house, which time shall be within twenty-four hours

Cl

The thlrly-f.rjl Year of George III. 751

of the appointment of the f.iid select committee, unless a A.D. Sunday, Christmas-Day, or Good-Friday shall intervene, and the place of their meeting and fitting shall be l’ome convenient room or place adjacent to the house of commons,

properly prepared for that purpose.

XXIV. Provided always, That on the parties withdraw- Committee ing as aforesaid, the house shall continue fitting, and the u"'^‘fe'tin-said -thirty-five members shall not depart the house till tiic 1,1 tl": Vi -i

1 meeting (nttii

time for the 'meeting of the said select committee shall be be li"i-

fixed.

XXV. And be it also enacted, That if within one hour Ifpctiti-after the lime fixed in pursuance of this act for calling in agn'its’lio n' t the respective parties, their counsel or agent, for the pur- 7C alter'* -.pole of proceeding to the appointment, of a select committee,

the petitioner or petitioners shall not appear by himself or themselves, or by his or their counsel or agents, the order ,'for taking such petition into consideration shall thereupon he -discharged, :and -such petition shall not -be any further proceeded upon in the manner herein before directed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if within one ift'-c fit-hour after.- the time so appointed as aforesaid, the fitting Uni" rniember, or fitting members shall not appear by himself or afSIat!"-1 themselves, -or -by his or their counsel or agents, the house

J . 0 name* of

shall proceed to appoint a select committee to try the merits mcrobtnu.

net . 1 ._be drawn aa

of such petition in the following manner; -that is to say, before, that the names of thirty-five members shall be drawn in the t^y u,'.° manner as herein before recited, but in reducing the lilt of Pl,cc.ofr"-n such names to fifteen, the place of the fitting member or fitting members shall be supplied by the clerk appointed to attend the said committee, who shall as often as it shall come to his turn as supplying the place of the fitting member, to {trike out a name, strike oat that name which shall be fitft.

XXVir. And be it further enacted, That the fame method if«nsnT of reducing the lift of members drawn to fifteen, -shall be r,s!,t, tune followed whenever -any party shall wave his right of {hiking '"f!j f7 off names from the said lift.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if on a com- . m"r<\

than jrtiucs

plaint by ..petition of an undue election or return, there ;»

shall be more than two parties before the house on distinct interests, or complaining or complained of upon different l>nlrtv> grounds, whole right to be elected, or returned, may be af -9D c fefted

752 The shirtj-fijl Year of George III.

A.D.

feded by the determination of the said feled committee,

1791- the fame notices and order- shall be given to such parties or their agents as are directed to be given to the fitting mem-

cat h to (Irikc

ber or petitioners, and that each of the said parties shall o(F.by lot. successively strike off a member from the thirty-five members to be chosen by lot, until the said number be reduced to fifteen; and the lift of the thirty-five members so chosen -by lot, shall for this purpose be given to all the said parties, and the order in which the said parties shall strike off the said members shall be determined by lot after they are withdrawn from the bar.

XXIX. And for the greater dispatch and certainty on the proceeding herein before directed, be it enacted by the au-Names of thority aforesaid, That the names of all the members (extern (except cept of those whose names are herein before directed not to hepiqrar!-d° be put into the fix glasses) so written and rolled up as-herein n‘Tk’ ‘a before directed, shah previous to the time appointed for put Into a taking any such petition into consideratkm, be prepared'by the clerk or clerk assistant of the house, and by him put into a box in the presence of the speaker, together with an attestation signed by the said clerk or clerk assistant, purporting that the names of all the members except those whose names are by this act excepted, were by him put therein, the day of in the year

box in lie which said box the speaker shall seal with his own seal, rlScr'&c. 6 and on the outside thereof shall annex an attestation signed by himself, purporting that the said box was on the day of in the year made up in his

at reqncK of presence in the manner directed by this act; and that as remaWng^’ soon as the parties shall have withdrawn as aforesaid, and b£r"adC'ry before the house shall’ enter upon any other business, any member may require that the names of all the members which remain undrawn shall be drawn and read aloud by the said clerk or clerk assistant. in ctaing

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said feled tiietlrlldrawn committee shall on-their meeting elect a chairman from among to have a caiu themselves; and if in the election of a chairman there be an equal number of voices, - the member whose name was first drawn in the house shall have a casting voice; so like-wife if there ever should be occasion to chuse a new chairman on the death or absence -of the chairman first elected, or-of any chairman deded in p.urfuance of this act.

ili'ti'iti'tinlion

f cor.unituv final.

Kefoluuons of the committee, other than the <le* termination tequhed, i;j.iy Ijc repotted to:!u Imufc-

'l he thirty-first Year of George III.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority nfore-said, That the said feled committee shall have power to fend for persons, papers and records, and shall examine all witnesses who come before them upon oath, and shall try the merits of the return or election, or both, and dull determine by a majority of votes of the said feled committee, whether the petitioner or petitioners, or the fitting member or members, or either of them be duly returned or elected, or whether the election be void; which determination shall be final between the parties to all intents and purposes; and the house on being informed thereof by the chairman of said feled committee, shall order the same to be entered on the journals, and give the necessary directions for confirming or altering the return, or for issuing a new writ for a new election, or for carrying the said determination into execution, as the case may require.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if the said feled committee shall come to any refolulions other than the determinations required by this act, they shall, if they think proper, report the same to the house for their opinion, at the same time that the chairman of the said l'eled committee shall inform the house of such determination, and the house may confirm or difagrcc with such resolution, and make such order thereon as to them shall seem proper.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever a iVtitio charge is made in any petition complaining of an undue ' election and return of the member or members to i'erve in parliament, of corruption, partiality or other mifeondud in the returning officer, at or previous to such election, the petitioner or petitioners shall at least ten days before the day appointed for taking such petition into consideralion, give or cause to be given notice in writing to such returning officer of the charge so made again! him, and of the day appointed for taking such petition into consideration; and the feled committee to whom such petition is referred shall be sworn at the table to try the matter of such charge, and a true judgment give according to the evidence, and shall upon the trial of such petition, upon proof being first made that such notice was served as aforesaid, enter into an examination of the conduct of such returning officer upon the charge so made, and the evidence so produced against Vol. XV.9E him

tnytvj io thus 'i.jtici* lu tcliiniMip

officer of tin* cl»stre aj'ainst

him ami of time of uving fame:

committee foot ii lo try such charge,

uit to be enured u the jonnm*

prOof of olliccf's ahfcotuJing am] notice being fcivetl as hereto, the poftiit£ of notice on session Imufe, be. (Seemed suffi-

Chairman t have a calling voice.

Committee notto adjourn for mure than 24. hunts,

Sundays, &c. excepted, without leave fium the house.

The thirtj-firj} 'Year of George III.

him as aforesaid, anti shall hear the evidence produced by or on behalf of such returning officer, and after hearing such evidence so produced on both fides, shall determine by a majority of voices of such felefl committee whether the said charge is well or ill founded , and the chairman of such select committee shall report such determination to the :house; and the house on being informed thereof, shall immediately order such determination to be entered on theiv journals.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That upon proof made that such returning officer cannot be found within the realm of Ireland, or that he has absconded within the same; and upon proof made that notice in writing was served upon the last known place of residence of such returning officer, within fourteen days after the conclusion of such elc&ion, that then, and in that case, the polling of such notice within the time aforesaid on the principal door of the session house, or other place where such election was held, and serving it upon such returning officer’s last known place of residence in this kingdom, shall be deemed good and sufficient service of such notice.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That whensoever there shall be a difference of opinion upon any question, resolution, or determination before such felcdt committee, the chairman of such committee shall give his voice in like manner as every other member thereof; and if in any case the number of voices including the chairman’s shall be equal, that then and in every such case, the chairman shall give a calling voice.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That such select committee appointed in pursuance of this act, shall fit every day, (Sunday, Christmas-Day, and Good-Friday only excepted,) and shall never adjourn for a longer time than twenty-four hours, unless a Sunday, Christmas-Day, or Good-Friday shall intervene, without leave first obtained by the house upbti motion, and special cause assigned for a longer adjournment; and in case the house shall be fitting at the time to which such select committee shall be adjourned, then the business of the house shall be flayed, and a motion shall be made for a further adjournment for any time to be fixed by the house not exceeding twenty-four hours, unless a Sunday, Christmas-Day, or Good-Friday intervene.

The thirty-first Year of George III.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when the time prescribed by this act for the meeting, fitting or adjourning of the said feled committee, shall by the intervention of a Sunday, or Christmas-Day, or Good-Friday, exceed twenty-four hours, such meeting, fitting, or adjournment shall be within twenty-four hours from the lime of appointing or fixing the fame, exclusive of Sunday, Clirifimas-Day, or Good-Friday.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no member of said feled committee shall be allowed to absent himself from the same, without leave first obtained from the house, or an excuse allowed by the house at the next fitting thereof, on special cause shewn and verified upon oath; and the fin'd feled committee shall never fit until all the members to whom such leave has not been granted, or excuse allowed are met, and in case they shall not all meet within one hour after the time to which the said feled committee shall have been adjourned, a further adjournment shall be made in manner as before directed, and reported, with the cause thereof, to the house.

XXXIX. Provided always, That where leave of abfer.ee shall be given, or excuse allowed in manner al'orcsaid, the said feled committee may proceed without the member so excused or absent.

XL. And be it further enacted, That before any motion for leave to be given to any member serving on any feled committee to absent himself, or for allowing any excuse, shall be made, the petitioner, or his eounfel or agent shall be directed to attend at the bar, and the fitting member to attend in his place, in order that they may be respedivciy heard in regard to any objections they may with to make thereto.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the chairman of the said feled committee, shall at the next meeting of the house, always report the name of every member there.of who shall have been absent therefrom without leave or excuse as aforesaid; and such member shall be directed to attend the house forthwith, or at the next fitting thereof; and shall then be ordered to be taken into the custody of the serjeant at arms attending the house, for such neglect of his duty, and otherwise punished or censured at the discretion of the house, unless it shall appear to the house by fad verified upon oath, that such9E 2 member

755

A.D. ,'79<-

Cap. 36.

(Vb-tii'j; lift. 1 :i<!jnu». nnvit t«i be wit hin 21 horns, exebi* ine of Sun* day, &c.

N’o mcm-bci to he ah-f.m without c.«vc fiont the house j

if all number* nor exulted do uot mc.it within t

luiiti t.frhe

time appointed. committee to a;l* jouth.

Committee

may pwwved without the

cxcufed

menilur.

I'cforo a motion it» made for a member to pet leave of 5'bfem.V. or to be oxufed, tlir fKTttic.net and (ilti'm' manner to r.tlcnd.

ChaiimiM to rcp;iit ti:-: n.nv.irf ah. fii:t member;,

v.l:n lluili at-Und fici etil-

Cfiaiimau

itbftMiting

himself, tube repoitftl to the house, and niifttlicr cleft tl at next mcctim: if he «loe> not aiti nd.

Ni»t I ft than 11 nil inkers on the committee to fit.

If the

numbu lie reduced to left tlism 11 for 12 fitting days of the Jiouft, committre to he

di(T«>l\.-d.

No dftcini nation made

or ((m'lWou jirupufed ini-h-ft 11 aie

piefe’it.

When the committee is reduced to 11: any ii uniter exL'uled mud Verify U|»t)ii oath to die limife cvciy day.

The thiri'j-frjl Year of George III.

master was by a sudden accident -or by necessity prevented from attending the fail] fcledt committee.

KLII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever the chairman of such select committee shall absent himself from the same, the member present whefe name was drawn the carlicit in the house shall report his absence; and in case of the non-attendance of such chairman at the next meeting of the said committee, the members thereof shall proceed to deft another chairman in his room.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if more than four members of any such fclcdl committee shall on any occasion be absent therefrom, the said committee shall not fit, but shall adjourn in the manner herein before directed; and so from time to time, until eleven members at the leaf! arc assembled.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the number of members shall by death or any other cause be unavoidably reduced to less than eleven, and shall so continue for the space of twelve fitting days of the houl’e, that in that case and no other, the said felcft committee shall be dissolved, and another chosen to try and determine the matter of such petition, in manner as si herein di reeled.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no determination shall be made, or question proposed unless eleven members shall be present, and that no member shall have a vote on such determination, or any other question or resolution, who shall not have attended during every fitting of such feleiff committee; but a meeting wherein no evidence or counsel shall have been heard, nor any difeussion or deliberation had, shall not be deemed a fitting, within the meaning of this act.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That whenever such felefl committee shall be reduced to the number of eleven as aforesaid, if any member thereof shall absent himself, and his excuse for such absence shall have been allowed by the house, such member shall nevertheless, from day to day, as often as the house shall fit, and so long as ho shall absent himself from such committee, state to the house, and verify upon oath by himself, or some other credible person, as the case may require, the cause of such his absence, and the house shall

upon

Y/lsrn [>.' i Jr:-

The thirtj-fijl Year of George III. 757

iinon each day proceed to allow or di fallow the cause so al- A.D. ledged by fuel) member for his absence. . Cl

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any fuel) so- iL. left committee thall have occasion to apply or report to the

1 1 UmnuliUC

house* in relation to the adjournment of the said fclcct com-

port to the

inittcc, the absence of the members thereof, or the non-house, a»a attendance or misbehaviour of witnesses fumiuoned to appear tltijotM before them, and the house shall be adjourned for more than JJjT1' one day, the said fcled committee may also adjourn to the day appointed for the meeting of the house.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That every fticli fe- wknrnm-lect committee at the same time that they report to the house their final determination on the merits of the petition lurmmaium,

r they ate also

which they were sworn to try, shall also report to the house to whether such petition did or did not appear to them to be frivolous or vexatious, and whether the fitting member or members petitioned against, did or did not procure his or their election or return by corrupt means.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That whenever any such committee shall report to the house with respect to any such pc- Vnilim or 111 tition, that the fame appeared lo them to be frivolous or fo"roi*.d,c.>:a

t to he rvcv.vr-

vexatious, or that the charge therein against the returning «1 iiom peti-officer was ill founded, or was not supported by evidence*, the party or parties, if any, who shall have appeared before the committee in opposition to such petition, and the returning officer, respectively, shall be entitled (0 recover from tile person or per foils, or any of them, who shall have signed such petition, the full coils and expences which such party or parties, or returning officer respectively, shall have incurred in opposing the fame-, and in like manner whenever if election o. any such committee shall report to the house that the dec- ro.Vo">t, Lpc-tion or return of a tilting member or members has been procured by corrupt means; the petitioner or petitioners shall «1,crcar,cr-be entitled to recover from fneh fitting member or members, the full costs and expences which he or they shall have incurred in supporting his or their petition; all such costs and expences to be, ascertained and recovered in the manner herein after directed.

L. And be it enacted, That in the fevcaal cases herein Ti.c fyciiu-r before mentioned,' the costs and expences, shall be ascertain- £kto'd*’ ccl in manner following; that in to say, that on applicate ma.de to the speaker of the house of commons for ascertain-Vo l. XV. o F ing

us herein.

758 The thirty-frji Year of George III.

A.D. 1791.

Chap. 36.

fees to be «l< mam’.ctl fur taxation am) rcpoit.

Cods to be recovered as herein.

No wager of law, or more than oue imparlance shall be allowed.

ing such colls and expences, he shall direct the same to be taxed by two persons, of whom the clerk, or clerk nflistant of the house shall be always one, and one of the following officers not being a member of either honfe of parliament, shall be the other; that is to say, mailers in the high court of chancery, prothonoiaries of the court of king’s bench, the court of common pleas, and chief remembrancer or clerk, or clerk of the picas, of the court of exchequer; and the persons so authorized and directed to tax such cofis and expences, shall, and they are hereby required to examine the fame, and to report the amount thereof to the speaker of the said house, who shall on application made to him, deliver to the party or parties a certificate signed by himself, expressing the amount of the coils and expences allowed in such report, and the persons so appointed to tax such colls, and report the amount thereof, are hereby authorized to demand and receive for such taxation and report such fees as shall he from time to time fixed by any resolution of the house of commons.

LI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful fertile party or parties entitled to such colls, or for his, her, or their executors or administrators, to demand the whole amount thereof, so certified as above, from any one or more of the persons respectively, who are herein before made liable to the payment thereof in the several cases herein before mentioned; and in case of nonpayment thereof, to recover the fame by action of debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin; in which action it Ifcall be sufficient for the plaintiff or plaintiffs to declare that the defendant or defendants is or are indebted to him or them in the sum to which the colls and expences ascertained in manner aforesaid shall amount by virtue of this act, and the certificate of the speaker of the house of commons under his signature of the amount of such colls and expeners, together with an examined copy of the entries in the journals of the house of commons, or the resolution or resolutions of the said fcled committee or committees, shall be deemed a full and sufficient evidence in support of such action of debt.

LII. Provided always, That in every such action of debt, no wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and the party or parties in whose favour judgment

'791-Chap. 35

The thirty-ftr/l Year of George III. 759

merit shall be given in any such action, shall recover his or A.D. their costs.

I /Til. And be it enacted, That in every case where the amount of such coils and expences shall have been so recovered from any person or persons, it shall and may be lawful "rlc'lv"cr‘1’ for such person or persons to recover in like manner from in piopomon the other persons, or any of them, if such there shall be, j^ie. who shall be liable to the payment of the said costs and expences, a proportionable share thereof according to the number of persons so liable.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Commiite committee shall think it necessary to deliberate amongst them- room clrared* selves upon any question which shall arise in the course of the trial or upon the determination thereof, or upon any resolution concerning the matter of the petition referred to them as aforesaid, as soon as the said feled committee shall have heard the evidence and counsel on both (ides relative thereto, the room or place wherein they shall fit, shall be cleared, if they shall think proper, while the members of the said feled committee consider thereof, and all such questions as well as such determination, and all other resolutions shall be by a majority of voices.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any person sum- ifa,.y r-moned to attend any such feled committee by warrant the speaker, or by order of the said committee, shall dil- y1'-’1"'.

J . ... shall give taife

obey such luminous, or if any vritness before such feled com-evidence, mittee shall give false evidence, or prevaricate or other wise la'kpmt1" misbehavc in giving, or in refilling to give evidence, the chairman of such feled committee by their direction, maysaid Prrl"

y serjeant at

at any time during the course of their proceeding, report the same to the ho life for the interpofilion of llicir authority or censure, as the case may require; and may by a warrant to be signed by him directed to the serjeant at arms attending the house, or to his deputy or deputies, commit said person (not being a peer or lord of parliament) to the custody of the fit id serjeant without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding twenty-four hours, or until four hours after the house shall next meet.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the oaths by this O-stUlnrc-

ad directed to be taken in the house, shall be administered jj) 1 ’

by the clerk or clerk afliftanl of the house, in the fame i,lc tl>

" > # l>c* arimir.ill«r-

manner ns the oaths of allegiance and fuprenmey arc admi-cJ hytiis

- J j

9F 2 mitered

760

A.D. 1791. Chap. 36.

oaths tak< n before the committed, admin Acred l,y tin* committee clerk; jKrf.Jii* Jjtiilty

of jv.-jnn li-ab't 10 all p.'iuh Ch, See.

On a day

appointed for taking a petition into 1:011-fdcration no otlin liufincfs lr> he previously jm>-u’cded on, except therein.

Reports from other committees may he received. S:c. previous to the order of the day j

and hmife may piwioisf-ly aanui the bird livote* Jiant,

and ord»r a now writ, ^c.

and call over

defaulters,

kc.

Committees tint diffJvul by prorogation of p.irlu-nival.

The thirty-first Year of George III.

niftcred in the house of commons; and that the oaths direct-cd to be taken before such fclcft committee shall be administered by the clerk attending the said fclcft committee; and that ail persons who shall be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury in any evidence which they shall give before the house, or the said select committee, in consequence of the oath which they shall have taken by the direction of this act, shall on conviction thereof Aiffcr the like pains and penalties, which any other person convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury is liable to by law.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That on a dav appointed for taking any petition complaining of an undue election or return of a member or members to serve in parliament into consideration, the house shall not proceed to any other business whatsoever, previous to the reading of the order of the day for that purpose, but the swearing of members, except as herein after excepted.

LVIII. Be it enacted, That it may he lawful for the house, previous to reading such order, to receive any report from any select committee appointed in pursuance of this act, and to enter the fame upon their journals, and to give the necessary orders and directions thereupon, and that the clerk of the crown may be admitted to alter and amend any return in pursuance of an order made on a preceding day or on that day; and also that it may be lawful for the house previous to the reading said order to attend the lord lieutenant in tile house of lords, in consequence of a message from him /IgniSed to the house in the uftial manner; and also to order the speaker to issue his warrant for making out a writ to cleft a new member; and also to call over the defaulters upon any call of the house made in pursuance of this act; and to make the proper or necessary order thereupon, and to receive any report or communication from any fclcft committee, and make the necessary orders thereon.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall happen (hat parliament shall be prorogued, while any select committee appointed by virtue of all or any of the said acts hereby repealed, or of this present act, shall be fitting for the trial of any such petition as aforesaid, and before they shall have reported to the house their determination thereon, such committee /ha! not be

diflolved

The thirty-first Year of George III. 761

dissolved by such prorogation, but shall be thereby adjourn- A.D. ed until twelve of the clock on the day immediately follow- 1791, ing that on which parliament shall meet for the dispatch of *‘^1 business, (Sunday, Christmas-day, and Good-Friday always excepted,) and all former proceedings of such committee shall remain and continue to be of the fame force and effect as if parliament had not been so prorogued, and such committee shall meet on the day and hour to which it shall be adjourned, and shall thenceforward continue to fit from day to day in the manner provided by this act, or by any of the said acts under which such committee may have been appointed until they shall have reported to the house their determination of the merits of such petition.

FORM of the RECOGNIZANCE referred to in this Act.

Be it remembered, Thai on the

in the year of our lord A.B. C.D. and E. F. came before me (fptaker of the house of commons,) and federally acknowledged tkemselves to owe to our sovereign lord the King, the following sums: that is to say, the said A.B. (here insert the names of the petitioner or petitioners) the sum of two hundred pounds, and the said C.D. and the said E. F. the sum of one hundred pounds each, to be levied on their respectiue goods and chattels, lands and tenements, to the use of our said sovereign lord the King, his heirs and successors, in case the said A.B. shall fail in performing the condition hereunto annexed; the condition of this recognizance is, that if the said A.B. (here insert the name of the petitioner or petitioners) fall duly appear before the house of commons at such time or times as fall be fixed by the said house for taking into consideration the petition signed by the said A.B. complaining of an undue election or return for the (here specify the county,

city, or borough,) and fall appear before any fekcl committee which fall be appointed by the house of commons for the trial of the fame-, and fall renew his said petition in every subsequent session of this present parliament, until a fehB committee fall have been appointed by the said house for the trial of the fame, or until the fame fall have been withdrawn by fermission of the said house, then this recognizance to be void, o'.kcrwife to be of full force and effect.

Vox- XV. o G

Day of r°rm of

J recognizance.

CHAP.

The thirt-j-first Year of George III.

CHAP. XXXVII.

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Law!.

WHEREAS several persons well affected to Ids Majesty's government,

ami the church of Ireland as by law established, may have through ignorance neglected, or been prevented by sickness or other unavoidable causes from taking or subscribing the oaths, and from making, repeating, and subscribing the declaration, and from receiving the sacrament of the lord’s supper, and delivering a certificate thereof, according to an act made in the /econd year of her late Majesty queen Anne, entitled, An net to prevent the further growth of popery, and may have thereby incurred great penalties, and being rendered subject to great penalties and difalnlity; therefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritunl and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person or persons who have incurred any penalties or incapacities in the said act, entitled. An off to prevent the further growth of popery mentioned, by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the said act, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, and penalties incurred by reason of such omission or neglect as aforesaid, and that no act or acts done by them, or any of them, and not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by reason of such neglect or omission, but nil such acts shall be, and are hereby declared and enacted to be as good and valid as if all and every such person and persons had taken and subscribed the said oaths, received the sacrament, and delivered the certificate thereof, and made, repeated, and subscribed the said declaration at such time, place, and manner as is therein mentioned, any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That such person or persons do, and shall take and subscribe said oaths, and make and subscribe the said declaration in such manner and form, and in such place and places ns arc directed and appointed by the said act to prevent the further growth of popery, on or before the first day of August, which will be in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

III. And whereas certain persons being members of the house of peers, or being members of the house of commons, may through inattention or inadventure have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the oaths, and to make and subscribe the declaration at the time and in the manner which they are required by law to do, and may have thereby incurred great penalties, and been rendered subject to great disabilities and incapacities, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every such person or persons being protcllants, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged of and from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures and penalties incurred by reason of such omission or neglect, and that no aft done by them, or any of them, shall be questioned by Teafon of such omission or neglect, but that all such acts shall be, and are hereby declared and enacted to be as good, valid, and effectual as if such person and persons had made and subscribed the f.iid oaths, and made and subscribed such declaration at such time and place, and in such nuuner as they are ttquired to do

by law.

The tkirly-frf Year of George III.

IV. Provided always, That such person or persons shall have taken and fub-fetibed the said oaths, and made and subscribed the said declaration, in such manner and form, and ill fttch place as they arc reunited to do by law, in and during the same session of parliament in which they have fat and voted, without the taking such oaths, anti making and fe-bferibittg such declaration as aforesaid.

V. Provided also, That this act, or any thing therein contained, th?.U not extend to rdlore or entitle any perfott or persons to any oilice or employment already actually avoided by judgment in any of his Majesty's courts of record, or already filled up with any other person, but that such office or employment thall reman*, in the perfott and persons who are now entitled by l.’.tv to the fttne, as if this a, t had never been made.

C H A R XXXVIII.

An Act to amend an Act, Entitled, An Act for preventing

' the Commission of JFafte, Kingdom.

on the several Commons of this

WHEREAS ;m act passed in the twenty-ninth year itcciulr<j

of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for Glo‘ 3‘

preventing the commission of viafe, on the several commons of

this kingdom, has been found ineffectual for the purposes for which it was blended, and divers encroachments have been made upon several commons of this kingdom, by which

means they have become receptacles of idle and disorderly

persons: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty,

by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual SXoymgthe

and temporal, and commons in this present parliament af- comZfna/

sembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, if any person shall skin or s»* p« fqu«c

otherwise destroy the surface of any common, or part of yard’

common within this kingdom, contrary to the provisions of the said receited act, every person so offending shall forfeit

a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than five shillings,

for every square yard of such common which he shall so lltin

or destroy, which said penalty shall be recovered and levied

in like maimer, and by such ways and means, as are pre-

feribed and directed by the said receited act, in respect of the

penalties thereby inflicted.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Grand ju-

lawful, to and for every grand jury which shall be duly im-

panelled at the affixes, or at any general quarter sessions crolcllmcr,ts

0 .1 mnaeoncom-

to be held m any county. county of a city, ox county of a ’momwithin

- i i - l r \ r ,1 . 10 year# from

iCA’n, within which any inch common snail lie, upon m- parting this9G ?. formation a£li

764

The thirty-frji Year of George III.

A D. formation on oath made before any magi (irate of fneh cour.-,/91' ty, county of a city, or county of a town respectively, who Chap- 38- ;s j,ercby impowered to administer the same being re-turned to such grand jury, of any encroachment which shall have been made within ten years, from (he time of passing this act, or which shall hereafter be made upon any such

orwnicll W j r,

kvc-ifm t« common, whether by inclosing any part thereof, or bunding ir"' any honfe, hut or cabin upon the fame, to present such

encroachment by indictment or presentment as a public nuisance, which indictment or presentment if it shall not be defective on the face of it, shall be confirmed by the judge or jufrices before whom such grand jury shall be so im-mjif.mcrsto panelled; and upon such indictment or presentment being be proa.atoi. confirrneci, the (hcriff of such county, county of a city, or county of a town, shall forthwith prostrate and abate every such nuisance.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall uiLj.C a" and may be lawful to and for every person who shall be af-

feded by such indictment or presentment, to put in his traverse to the lame, at the assizes, or at any general quarter sessions, at which it shall be so found and presented, by pleading that such inclosure, house, hut, or cabin is not an encroachment upon' such common, which traverse shall be forthwith tried, if there shall be time for trying the fame, and if not then, at the next assizes or general quarter sessions ensuing, and the verdict to be found upon such traverse shall be final and conclusive, as to the matter of the fame, saving to all persons, and to all bodies politic and corporate, their heirs and successors respectively, all rights of common to which they now are, or hereafter may be entitled.

IV. And whereas a narrow road round the common, known by the name of the Curragh of Kildare, would not only prevent encroachments from being made thereon, but would also communicate to the several market towns adjacent thereto, to the great advantage of the neighbourhood: be

Grand jury it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the grand jury for Virad"' of the county of Kildare, to raise by presentment any sum Cm'g'brf not exccc(i'ng twelve pence per perch, for making a road not Kildare, as less than eight feet wide, with gravel or small fiones round the said common, the curragh of Kildare, the said sum to be levied and accounted for as the presentments for pub-

lic

The thirly-frf Year of George III. 765

lie roads arc levied and accounted for, by an act passed A.D. in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty's reign.

CHAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the better enabling certain Persons to open and work Mines, and to raise Coal, Culm, Minerals, and FoJJils in this Kingdom.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS there are in different parts of Ireland,

many mines of coal, culm, and of different ores, minerals and fossils, and many quarries of marble, and also many beds of divers kinds of clay, flint, and other matters usually found in the earth, fit for the making and manufacturing of different wares, and all'o many beds of oaker and fuller’s earth, all or the greater part of which remain nnwrought, for want of fulEcient powers, and encouragement to enable arid induce persons to engage in the working thereof: And whereas the working of such mines and quarries, and of such beds of clay, flint, oaker, and fuller’s earth, and other matters with esseft, would very much promote ’different manufactures in this kingdom, and be otherwise of great advantage thereto: and whereas the several noblemen and gentlemen following, that is to say, his grace ftr(. lv|10 William Robert duke of Leinster, right honourable Barry bavefubferis-

" t J cu towards

earl of Farnham, right honourable William earl of Ennif- working killen, right honourable lord baron of Londonderry, right Hn.'&c!'11" honourable sir John Blaquiere, knight of the bath, right honourable Theophilus Clements, right honourable William Burton Conyngham, sir William Gleadowe Newcomen, baronet, sir John Blackwood, baronet, honourable Robert Ward, Owen Wynne,' esquire, Thomas Tenifon, esquire,

William Hamilton, esquire, John Lees, esquire, John Swan, esquire, James Ormsby, esquire, honourable Richard Anneflcy, fir Edward Crofton, baronet, Peter La Touche, esquire, colonel Robert Ross, and several other persons have already associated themselves for the purpose of carrying on the work-’ ing of such mines and quarries, and such beds of clay, flint, oaker, fuller’s earth, and other matters, and have subscribed and agreed to subscribe several sums for that purpose, be it Vol,. XV.9H therefore

yG6 Ti'j thirtyfirf Year of George III.

A.D.

therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by J79r- and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, a M’frripnon an(j by the authority of the same, That immediately after the

to be opened J J

iiy r» w. G passing of this act, a subscription shall be opened by fir Wil-’ liam Gleadowe Newcomen, baronet, treasurer to the said subscribers, for carrying on the aforesaid works, and that the said subscription shall be kept open until the sum of twenty-five thousand pounds shall be subscribed for the purposes aforesaid.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such subscribers shall within the space of two calendar pufited within months after such subscription shall be closed, pay iii a do-

2 months r

from closure, poilt of ten pounds per centum of the lum6 by them Telpec-oUitrwife tiVcly subscribed to the said sir William Gleadowe Newco-

men, and in default thereof the subscription of every person failing to pay the said deposite, shall be absolutely void to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and the said subscribers shall open a new subscription for filling up such deficiency, and so on until the said sum of twenty-five thousand pounds in the whole shall be subscribed, and a deposite of ten per centum be made thereupon.

Wiien 10

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

per cent, tip-

iop:rc<nt. of subscripii ons to be dc

a new fub-frription for deficiency.

such fuii- That so soon as ten pounds per centum upon such subserip

II

l*e paid> fub-ferihers to bt formed into a

tjons £|)aj| |je pajj as aforesaid, such subscribers who shall so ferihers in be deposite shall be united and erected into one company, and company,

and carry on works as

shall from thenceforth be one body politic and corporate, by the name of the Royal Mining Company, and shall have perpetual succeslion, and a common seal, and by that name may sue and be sued, and shall from thenceforth be fully empowered by themselves, their agents, overseers, workmen, and servants, to carry on the opening and working of all mines of coal, culm, lead, copper, lapis caliminaris, iron, and iron stone, cobalt, tin, antimony, gold, silver, bismuth, and all other minerals, ores, and fossils of what nature or kind soever, and of all quarries of marble, and all. beds of clay, flint, and other matters usually found and discovered in the earth, fit and proper for the making of any wares or manufactures whatsoever, and of all beds of oaker and fuller’s earth, to which they shall become entitled, or of which They shall or may obtain any grant or demise under or by"vir-tue of the powers herein after for that purpose contained.

The ikirtyfril 2 car of George III.

IV. Provided always, That no perifon shall be permitted to subscribe to the said undertaking less than fifty pounds sterling, and that no one person shall be permitted either by himself or herself, or by any person or persons in trust for him or her, to subscribe any greater sum in the whole than the fuin of five hundred pounds sterling, or to purchase, take, or acquire, or to have or be in any mahner posseiTcd of or intitled to any greater sum, or to the amount of any greater sum in the capital stock of the said company than the said sum of five hundred pounds itl the whole, unless he or she shall become intitled to such overplus by bequeil, of as executor or administrator of some person decCafed; arid if any person shall by any means whatsoever, five by be-qtleft, of as executor or administrator as aforesaid, acquire of become possessed of or entitled to any greatef sum, or to the amount of any greatfer sum in the capital stock of llic said company, than the said sum of five hundred pounds in the Whole, then and in that case such part of the said flock as such person shall so acquire or become possessed of, or entitled unto, over and above the said sum of five hundred pounds ftefling, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the said company; arid it shall be lawful for the said company to sell and dispose of the fame by public cant, and to apply the money arising by such sale to the purposes of the aforesaid undertaking.

V. And be it further etiadled, That the said company and their successors shall, in every year, hold four certain general assemblies or meetings, that is to say, on every seventh day of February, seventh day of May, seventh day of August, and seventh day of November, unless any of the said days shall happen on a Sunday, and in such case that the said meeting shall be held on the' following dayand also that the said company shall have full power and authority,- as occasion shall require, to assemble in the'eity of Dublin, and from time to time to adjourn such assemblies, and at such assemblies of any adjournment thereof, to make such bye-laws, rules, or orders for the better government of their affairs and of their members, and for making such contrails of agreements, and for appointing such directors from among the members of the said company, and for declaring and ascertaining the powers of such directors, and for appointing such servants and persons for carrying on and con-

9H 2 drifting

Not Icfs limit jol. or mote iliitii

500J. to l>f lubfailn-d by one pit (on None Jo pnf* f.-fsinoieiLta 5«tj1 it ode. r.olch by be* (Jiieii, c.'v.

4 "cnc.il aflrmhi:c:> t» each vear.

Company may alfcmb’e and adjoirn from time to t'tnc i;i Dublin, and make bye-

liws, Sec.

- 68 The thlrlj-frjl Year of George III.

A.D.

dueling the works which they are hereby empowered to carry ’"91- on, as they shall think fit, and to vary or repeal such bye-<1laws, rules and orders, and to make netv ones, for the good and orderly using and managing of the said works, all which bye-laws, rules and orders shall be -binding upon the said company, and all persons employed by them.

Dyc-kiisnot

VI. Provided always, That the said bye-laws, rules and to^hclaws'^ orders, or any of them, shall not be contrary to the laws ui the realm. anci statutes of this realm.

7 <l.iys no.

VII. And provided also. That seven days notice at the afonbly"L" least, including the day of such notice, and the day of holding any such assembly, shall be given of the time and place of holding such assembly, in such public newspaper as shall not nectfljty be agreed on by the said company, favc only that it shall not lioi’joc'of1' he necessary to give any such notice of the aforesaid stated jm'rmUfJ assemblies, or of any such assemblies as shall be held by ad-icmUics, iournment as aforesaid; and save also that when any such

i,j. «Uv« no- J . y

tie* of atom, nnembly shall be intended to be held for the purposes of on portslion;. chocfing and elefling directors of the said company, or of r« ! "21U" appointing any officer to the said company, or for taking into consideration the dismissal of any officer of the said company, or any complaint against any such officer, or for the purpose of taking into consideration any contract to be made relative to the said works, or the borrowing of money, or letting or clifpofing of any of the estates or property of the said company, or for the taking into consideration the carrying on any work or -works appertaining to the aforesaid undertaking, or the rewarding any person or persons for any particular serv.ice or services, then and upon ?ny, of the said last mentioned occasions fourteen days notice at the.lead (hall'be given in two of the public newspapers, which, shall be then published in the said city of Dublin. oirretnMo

VIII. And be it enacted, That every member of the said loXgOTihor ccraPany wh° flwM be appointed a director of..the said.com-aitumaum. pany shall, before he.shall proceed to act as such, take and subscribe the following . oath, or (if, of the .'people called Quakers) affirmation, at forne assembly of the said company, which oath or affirmation the chairman who shall preside at such assembly is hereby empowered to administer, and the same shall be fairly entered by the secretary belonging to the said company, and preserved in a book to be kept for that purpose.

i. a: bI

The thiriy-fnjl Year of George III. 769

I A.B. do folemly promise and [wear, (or if of I fie people- A.D. called quakers affirm) that I mill faithfully and impartially, ac-

1791.

cording to the best of my fill and knowledge, execute the several powers and truss committed to me, as one of the directors of the royal mining company, by the bye-laws, rules and orders of the said company, without any favour or affection, prejudice or malice whatsoever.

IX. And be it enacted, That the joint stock of the said company shall be the said film of twenty-five thousand pounds, together with such further sum or sums as the said company at some general meeting shall judge necessary, to be raised by subscription, for the purpose of carrying on tile said works, which sum or sums when subscribed, shall be added to and become a part of the joint stock of the said company.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the joint stock of the said company shall be divided into ftiares of fifty pounds each, and that every subscriber or member of the said company shall have liberty to vote in the assemblies of the said company, and that it shall not be lawful for any person, or body politic or corporate, to have more than one vote in any such assembly, and that every subscriber or member of the said company may appear either in person, or by proxy, such person as shall be appointed as proxy being a member of the said company, and to be appointed by an instrument in writing under the hand and seal of the person appointing such proxy, and an entry of which instrument of proxy shall be previously made in a book to be kept by the said company for that pnrpose; provided that no person shall give more than two votes as the proxy of any other member or members of the said company.

XI. And be it enacted, That in calc any body politic -or corporate shall at any time become possessed of, or inti-lied to any share in the capital stock of the said company, it shall be lawful for such body politic or corporate by instrument in writing under their corporate seal to appoint any person to vote on the part of such body politic or corporate at such assembiics as aforesaid, and that it shall be lawful for such person to give one vote on the part of such body politic or corporate, and in all respects to act as the other members of the said company.

25,000l. to lie the capital llocki

company may raise mote by subscription.

Stock cli-into fliarcs of job cvci v fub-fc< iber may vote,

each member to have only l vole,

votes by proxy alior-cd.

Any l>t>dy politic fnvtn; a fiare in il.c Uncle may appoint .1 pre-foil to vote.

7^0 The thirly-f/rjl Year of George III.

A.D.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the majority of 1791- votes at such assemblies shall determine all matters in question, and if there be an equality of votes the chairman of ciinfiman such assemblies shall have a calling voice beflde his vote as

to have a calfc*

inf vuice !>s- a member of the said company.

fukhisimc.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That at every

7 Mombers

tofurmau such assembly there shall be present in person, or by proxy pSniiiV or seven members of the said company or otherwise, such L>' l‘roxy assembly shall have no power to carry into execution any of the powers or authorities hereby given.

Proprietors

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful OT^ffignltockl for every proprietor of the said joint stock to bequeath the 10 famei 0l' to assign the fame in his life-time, and that every such assignment shall be entered and made in a book for that purpose, to be kept in such place as the said company shall appoint, and to be called the transfer book, and that no assignment shall be deemed good until entry be made in such book as aforesaid.

Assigneea

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, 'That after the Tii^ntc'niiWs expiration of twelve months from the time when the said as herein. subscription shall be filled and completed, no person shall be qualified to vote at any assembly of the said company by virtue of any such assignment, unless the fame be actually made and entered in the said transfer book for the full space of six calendar months previous to the time of his or her tendering fuel) vote or votes.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the accounts, transactions, and proceedings of the said company, shall be fairly and regularly entered in books, to be kept for that purpose, to which every subscriber or member of the said company may have access at all reasonable times to insped the same.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for any assembly of the said company convened

iutfciipiioiii. as herein before directed, from time to time, and at such limes as may be necessary, to require the several propiietors of the said joint stock, to pay in such parts of their respective subscriptions, as the said assembly shall think necessary for carrying on the said works.

N, men;

XVIII. Provided always, That no greater fnm than twenty contmlulT P°unt*s tcT cen>- on (l|e several original subscription?, shall (ciipa'cinto be required to be paid i:i any one year, and that in case

be r<q;ii:t.l

\daiiv, ar.v

Accounts am! irnnlac-tions i.» be entered.

Company may if quite payment of

The thirty-first Year of George III. 7 71

any of the proprietors of the said joint stock, their repre- A.D. fentatives or assigns, shall refuse or neglect to pay the sum 1791 so called for, within thirty days after the time appointed by such assembly for the payment thereof, notice shall be

IlOCK llt'ljlixt'

given m two public newspapers in the city of Dublin, that ing to pay the said company will proceed to fell by public cant,- on days'ofiw such days as shall be specified in such notice, the tharc or shares of the person or persons so refilling or neglecting to o^rnnice t«-pay the sum or sums which they shall have been required herein, com-to pay; and unless such person or persons shall, before the amrc;?lv.' day specified in such notice, pay tile respective films so required, to the said company, or such persons as they shall appoint for the purpose, the said company shall fell by public cant, at the usual place of the said company’s assembly, the share or /hares of the person or persons so refusing to pay, and the money for which the same shall be fold, shall be paid to the said company, or their treasurer, for the use of such proprietor or proprietors, and such proprietor or proprietors from thenceforth shall be for ever barred from such share or shares, and all' profits arising therefrom, and of all interest in the fame, both in law orequity; and such share or shares, and all profits and ad van- furiiflutn . tages arising therefrom, /half from thenceforth be vested in v"iu!l ia',*,. such purchaser or purchasers: provided, that such notice shall be given at least thirty days previous to the sale, in- lic eluding the day of such notice, and the day of stile.

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That pci r,ns

in order to enable the said company-, and their successors, ,!'lcij'

r 1 ’ lad in 1 j-

to obtain such interest or inlcrcfts in such mines as aforesaid, and in such quarries of marble, and beds of clay, flint, n i.trdi., oaker, fuller’s earth, and other matters as aforesaid, it shall and may, from the time of the passing of this act, be lawful to and for ail archbishops and bishops,- deans and chapters, archdeacons, prebendaries ami other dignitaries, eecle/iafiical persons, rectors, vicars, and to and for all bodies politic and corporate, colleges, cathedral or collegiate churches and hospitals, and to and for all and c\cry person and persons whatsoever, who now are, or -at any lime hereafter shall be tenant or tenants for life, with an immediate remainder to his or her first and every other fen in tail male, and to and for every husband who now is, or at any time hereafter shall be tenant for life, with remainder to his wife for her life,

0 1 2 with

77 2 The thiriyfuft Year of George III.

A.D.

with remainder to their first and every other son succesiively 1791 in tail, general or special, and to and for every married 'wornan >n conjunction with her husband, where such married woman shall be seized as tenant for life, with remainder to her husband for his life, with remainder to their first and every other son in tail, general or special, and also to and for every father tenant for life, with remainder to his son for life, with remainder to the first and every other sons of such son in tail, general or special; and also to and for every person and persons who now are, or at any time hereafter shall be tenant in dower, or by courtesy, by and with the consent and concurrence of such person and person? as shall be seized in reversion or remainder of an estate of inheritance, immediately cxpedlant upon the death of such tenant in dower, or by the courtesy; or in case of the nonage, idiocy, or lunacy of such person so seized in reversion or remainder, then with and by the consent of the guardian or guardians of such minor, or the committee of such idiot or lunatic, by and1 with the approbation of the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commissioners of the great seal of this kingdom for the time being, in the said cases of nonage, idiocy, or lunacy, by indentures under their respective hands and seals, whereof counterparts thereof are to be duly executed by the respective Icflees, to make and grant unto the said company, leases for any number of lives, with or without renewals, or for any term or number of years whatsoever, of all or any mines of coal, culm, lead, copper, lapis caliminaris, iron, and iron stone, cobalt, tin, antemony, gold, silver, bifmutb, and of all other minerals and fossils of what nature or kind locver, and of all or any quarries of marble, and of all or any beds of clay or flint, or other matters usually found in the earth, fit and proper for the manufacturing of any kind of ware, ami of all or any beds of oaker, and fuller’s earth which have already been found, or shall or may hereafter be found and diienvered within their respective manors or lands, so as every such lease be made in m"dt Inp'r- pofiession without any fine or income, or any other consideration fcRion, wall- than the yearly rent, or duty in such lease relervea and mentioned,

oui lines, &c- " J

rent not to and so as the rent to be referred upon every such lease he net Motlniftlie less than one-tenth part or share, or the value of one-tenth part v.ihc nfthe ol- share of the coal, culm, minerals, fossils, ore, marble, clay, flint, nakrr, fuller s earth, or other the matters aforesaid, to he

Tie shirtj-first Year of George III. 773

dug and raised out of such mines or beds as aforesaid, without any A.D. regard had to the charges and essences of digging, railing, and 1791

laying the fame on the bank; and so as such lent or value shall ^fP^_39' He reserved and made payable in, and by every such lease, to such rent to such lessor and lessors, or such other porfon and persons as should from time to time, during the continuance of such lcale, havel'

been actually intitled by the laws of this kingdom to the benefit of such mines, quarries and beds, in case this act had not been , made.

XX. Provided always, That where any such lcale Hull be Leafomadr made by any tenant for life, not disponuliable of wade, with I’J, nr",lot immediate remainder to his or her iirll and every other son in tail, two-fifth parts of the yearly rent or duty to be reserved s-5'1' icm thereupon, shall be made payable to the tenant for life, and the tenant for other three-fifth parts of such rent or duty, to the person or per- to fer_ fons in remainder, in whom the inheritance or the mines, quar-lull.5 >n «-

r . , mahider.

ries, or beus comnrr/.ed in such lealc, shall from time to time happen to he vetted, during the time such inheritance Hull continue vested in him and them respectively.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every such lease Aidibilhop'

to be made by any archbishop Hull he made by and with the appr0,cJ of

approbation of the chief governor or governors of this kingdom

for the time being, and by any bishop with the approbation of biftop’ feafei

the archbishop of the province, and by any other ecclesiastical probationer

person Iwith the approbation of the bishop of the diocese, cerd-

tied in writing under their respective hands and seals, and duly other cccleG-

registered.in the registry of the dipcele. / approbation'11'

XXII. Provided also, That the quantity, of land so to be set by any one of she.Taid persons, do not exceed three acres, and that than 3 such :kt)d dchnot constitute any part of their demesne, glebe, or nor’anr put mensal lands; and that every lease made by the said persons contrary to these provisions, Hull be null and void to all intents and mensal lands, purposes whatsoever.

XXIII. And whereas it may happen that persons seized as herein' before is mentioned, may he infants, idiots, or lunaticks, be it Qllani;aDS ’therefore enacted by. the authority aforesaid, That in all and every may nuke-such case an.d cases, it shall and may be lawful for all guardians,content of trustees, and committees of and for such infants, idiots, and lunaticks, by and with the consent of the lord chancellor of this king-herom-.dom, or lord keeper, or commissioners of the great seal for the time being, to grant and . make leases for any number of lives, with or without; renewals, or.for any term or number of years whatever, of all or any such mines, minerals, quarries, and beds

Vol. XV.9K as

774

The thirty-first Year of George III.

A.D.

as herein before mentioned, as are or shall be found in the ma-1791* nors, lands, and tenements of such infants, idiots, or lunaticks.

Chap. 39. f0 a8 fucjj rent or (],ty |)c reserved as aforesaid, and so as such

rentrcfciv'ri corifent be had, and all the other directions and restrictions herein i. aforesaid. j)ej-orc mentione(]j be observed in the making all such leases.

Mortgagees

XXIV. Provided always, That if any mortgagee or mortgagees not to mate of any lands or tenements, do, or shall make such lease or leases

without con- as aforesaid, the same shall be void against the person or persons,

tons emptied w*10 shall be intitled to the equity of redemption of the fame, to equity of unless such person or persons so intitled to such equity of redemp-redempuoo. qia|| j0;n j,- such lease or leases, or otherwise content or agree thereto.

Leases made

XXV. And be it enacted, That all leases made to the said com-to remain5 pany, and their successors, by virtue of, and pursuant to this good against act, shall be and remain good, valid, and effectual, not only against the person or persons who shall make such leases, but also against all and every his, her, and their respective successors, and all and every person and persons having or claiming any estate, right, title, or interest in reversion or remainder expedant on the determination of the estate of the person or persons making the same to or out of any such mines, quarries, or beds as aforesaid, which, shall be demised by such lease or leases* any law, statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

L«af« to

XXVI. Provided always, That if the said company, or their ’mincT,'&c. fitcceflors, shall omit or neglect for two years next after the com-ihaH uot be mencement of any lease or demise which shall be made to them in

wotked as , J

herein for 2 pursuance of this a ft, to begin effectually to work m any such

commence- mine) <luarry, or bed as aforesaid, which shall be demised or

ment theiesf. granted to them by such lease, or shall after the second year of such lease or detnife, neglect to keep fix able Workmen therein employed for one hundred days in any one year during the term t)f the said lease for the effectual carrying on of the said work, then and in either of the said cases, such lease or demise (hall- be from thenceforth null and void both in law and equity; and it shall and may be lawful for the lessor or leflors, or such other person or persons who shall be intitled to the rent reserved on such lease, to re-enter in and upon such demised premises, and the same to have again, re-possess, and enjoy, as in his or their former estate.

No jointrefs

XXVII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained, [" ft of'any eJitend to enable any jointrefs to make any lease or leases

miu«, &c. of any mine, quarry, mineral, foflU, or bed of clay, oaker, or

fuller’s

The tiirty-first Year of George III. 775

fuller’s earth, which are or shall be found in any lands or tcne- A.D. ments which such jointrefs shall hold as part of her jointure. 1791,

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any member or members of the said company, or No right to any person whatsoever, to vote at any election for any member ofpar-"1 or members of parliament for any city, county, or borough within this kingdom in right of any such lease, grant, or demile to be Irate. &c. to made to the said company, by virtue, or in pursuance of any of f3l'icorap:ll'y-the powers in this act contained, or in right of any estate or interest which shall or may be derived mediately or immediately under any such grant, lease, or demise, or under the said company in virtue thereof, any thing herein contained notwithstanding.

XXIX. And in order to prevent any doubts which might arise concerning the powers vested in the said company, and their successors by this act, be it enacted, That nothing in this act con- Company tained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the said company, or their successors, or any person impowered by, or &c-

r 4 7 J lldtis oot

deriving or acting under them, to open, search, dig for, or work demise!, any mines, minerals or fbflils, quarries of marble, or beds of clay, flint, oaker, or fuller’s earth, or other the matters' aforesaid, in any lands or ground whatever, without a demise thereof, in writing, from the person or persons authorized by this act to demise the fame, or the consent in writing of such person or persons for l'o doing, first had and obtained; and that nothing herein contained, shall be construed to extend to the compelling or obliging any person or persons to make any demise of any of the matters aforesaid, or to prevent any company that shall be hereafter erected make any by any charter or grant from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, pear' or any voluntary company or society, body politic, person or persons whatsoever, their heirs and successors, from taking leases and grants of, or from opening, searching, digging for, and working any mines, minerals or fossils, quarries of marble, or beds of clay, flint, oaker, or fuller’s earth, or other the matters aforesaid, as they lawfully could or might have done, in case this act had not passed, any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no debts or D;btlof encasements of any individual member or members of the said individual*

OO 4 nQj [Q

company, on what ground soever contrafted, shall charge or affect the company, the said company, or the said capital (lock thereof,' as debts due by the said company, nor shall any individual member or mem- ;ndi*idinh bers of the said company, be subject to any of the laws against

n K 2 bankrupts, <l>an their

J subscripti-

ons, Sec.

7)6

A.D. 1791.

rights of pre emption reserved to

the King.

A public

The thirty-frf Year of George III.

bankrupts, or to any greater loss, charges or damages, for or on account of his or their being a member of the said company, than the full sum or sums of money by him subscribed, or to be subscribetl as aforesaid, and his or their share or ftiares of the profits of the said undertaking not received, or such proportion or proportions of such subscription or subscriptions as aforesaid, as may be necessary to make full payment and discharge of the debts and engagements'of the said company; laving and always reserving to the king’s most excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, all such rights of pre-emption of ore, and all other rights, duties and demands whatsoever, in, unto, or out of any mines, minerals and ore, or any of them, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors might, or would have been entitled unto, in case this act had not been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act, and that if any suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for any thing which shall be done in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence.

CHAP. XL.

An Act for the Preservatm of Shrubs and Trees.

[Preamble,

no person holding lands by lease, Src. to cut down, Arc.' as herein,

WHEREAS the several acts passed from time to time in this kingdom, for the encouragement of planting, cannot attain the great and desirable ends proposed by them, unless effectual regulations be made for the preservation of trees when planted;

bc.it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords l'piritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no person whatsoever holding, or who shall hold any lands in this kingdom by lease, for one or more Jives, or for years, or by will or lufferance, shall cut down, grub up, lop or top any tree, wood, or underwood growing uponjlie lands To held under colour of eftovers, or of house-bote, plow-

bote, hay-bote, cart-bote,' or any other bote whatsoever, or under any pretence or cause whatsoever, unless so far as, such person shall be authorized thereto, by covenant in the lease under which the

A.D.

179'.

The rhhtj-fsrjl Year of Geci'ge III.

the said lands are or shall be so held, cr inch person shall have the consent of the owner or owners thereof, under his, her, or their hand and seal for the purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any person so holding i.niibl'r inland shall offend herein, such person Hi nil lie subject to the penal-tics enacted against persons who shall wilfully cut down, pluck up, lop, top, or otherwise damage, any tree without the consent of_l’cifbns of the owner or owners thereof first had in w riting, ' salt-ci'/u'pi-

III.-And be it further enacted, That no such person in whofi

naitus fur wilfully cut-

possession there shall' be found any tree, or any kind of wood, ting down, underwood, poles, flicks of wood, flicots, or young trees, so.cut saCh|«r-ov grubbed up, contrary to the provisions of this act, shall be r'’"s 4vm,?

° ' r\ t r 1 ticcs, Iheks,

deemed by any justice of the peace to have come flirty and honestly &c. in tluir by the fame, within the meaning of an act passed in the fifteenth Dt

and' fifteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, act for encouraging the cultivation, end fir the better preservalion iliem. wlilfn of trees, Jbrubs,plants, and roots, or within this present act. I'f'ij iTe*

IV. And be it further enacted, That every justice of the peace Gc" A

1 JifMfCfS not

who shall wilfully refiife or liegled to act as a justice of the peace siakf asiiinc-upon any complaint touching the offence aforesaid, or any offence iikJpc'raJiL* against the said recited act, or in any wise to carry this or any 1:01

law heretofore made, and at the time in force, for the encourage- ia,-.s n-wivs ment of planting, or the preservation of trees into execution as alus<" justice of the peace, lie shall be subject to the like penalty, to be recovered in the like manner as is enacted respecting any justice of the peace, who shall wilfully neglect or refuse to carry into execution a'ny law relative to the linen or hempen manufactures.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing K-it to cx-in this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend

n iicwsuJt,* lur

any person who holds or shall hold land by virtue of a lease for evir* lives renewable for ever, in respect of such land, or to any trees, wood, or underwood growing on the fame, nor to affect any

7 ° ° 1 ./ or to trees

person in relpcd of any trees which have been or shall be plant- piam.d ami ed and registered, in pursuance of and under the provisions of any

any law heretofore made in this kingdom for the encouragement 'w-

of planting.

Yoi, XV.

f>

776 A.D. ‘79i-

The thirty-frfI Year of George III.

CHAP. XLI.

An Act to continue an Act, to continue an Act, Entitled, An Act to continue an Act, Entitled, An Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of this Kingdom, to appoint Commissioners for enquiring ' into the several Funds and Revenues granted by Public or Private Donations, for the Purposes of Education in this Kingdom, and into the State and Condition of all Schools in this Kingdom on Public or Charitable Foundations, and of the Funds appropriated for the Maintenance and Support thereof and for the other Purposes herein mentiomd.

X T WHEREAS an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the 3 reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to enable the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, to appoint commissioners for enquiring into the severalfunds and revenues granted by public or private donations, for the purposes of education in this kingdom, and into the fate and condition of aL schools in this kingdom, on public or charitable foundations, and oj the funds appropriated for the maintenance and support thereof ana faiil nil ivns for the other purposes herein mentioned: and whereas the said act to by an act passed in the last session of parliament, entitled. An act 2-*tl, June to continue an act, entitled. An act to enable the lord lieutenant or

ij9l.

other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, to appoint commissioners for enquiring into the several funds and revenues granted ' by public or private donations, for the purposes of education in this kingdom, and into the stale and condition of all schools in this kingdom, on public or charitable foundations, and of the funds appropriatedfar the maintenance and support thereof and for the other purposes herein mentioned, was continued until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and to the end of the then next feiTion of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that the said act should be farther continued for a limited time, be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall be

in

The thirty-first Year of George III.

in force, and so continue until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and to the end of the tiien next feflisn of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. XLII.

7.79 A- D.

1701 -

further tinm.il to 241I' JlllltS 1*96, and end of next {ession.

An Act for direBing the further Application of the Sum of Tan Hundred Thousand Pounds, granted by ah AB passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for the Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of Rrchai his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for the promotion and59 G' *' encouragement of inland navigation, it was enacted, That such proportion of the sum of two hundred thousand pounds therein mentioned, as was not applied for in the then session of parliament, should be granted to such future applications for the purposes of navigation, as should meet the approbation of parliament, ,r

and should be deposited with the clerk of the house of commons before the first day of the meeting of parliament, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one: and whereas the sum of eleven thousand three hundred pounds, part of the said sum of two hundred thousand pounds net applied for in the said then session of parliament, remains undisposed of; be it therefore cn-‘ aftedby the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and coafent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That debentures to the amount of two thousand one hun- dtiwitun-t dred and twenty pounds twelve [hillings and six pence, bearing us.Sd.«4 an filtered after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, be issued to the company of undertakers of the grand canal, to com- il« f.mm! plete the junction between the grand canal at Atliy and the river p."»y, to c< rj|-Barrow, pursuant to their petition presented to the house of mons this session of parliament, so soon as the consent of the M.y undertakers of the Barrow navigation to that measure shall ber<m, signified to the commissioners of impred accounts; and that deben-tures to the amount of four thousand three hundred and seventy compityr impounds two shillings and four pence, bearing an filtered after the+,‘pi'"!su'4.].

rate of four pounds per centum per annum, be issued to the said company of undertakers of tile grand canal, to carry on a naviga-on iw tun

inw.it Jj

9I tion :,c Kill-- :iuy

rivV.

780

The lhiri>-fiijl Teat of George III.

ai j. prr to «:ury oji llic n.<* Ration to Daii\-:der,

37031. i:=.

ar 4 j>ci cent, to the mar-

A.D.

tion from the grand canal towards the Kilkenny collieries, purftiant 179'- to their petition presented to the house of commons this felfibn-of Parlia,llellt > ',u<i that'debentures'to the' amount of one thousand iK^l us.4,'.: two hundred and four pounds twelve shillings and four pence, bearing an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, be issued to the said company of undertakers of the grand canal, to carry on a navigation to Ilallyrider, pursuant to their petition presented to this house this session of parliament; and that debentutes to the amount c-f three thousand seven hundred and three pounds twelve shillings, bearing an interest after the rate of I'i's if tiwr- four pounds per centum per annum, be issued to the most noble Tohn

1.,1 t!,c.

!>in|u.fc h«ic- James marquis or Abercorn, to carry on a full water navigation,

1,1 ’ between the country adjacent to the town of Strabane and the

river foyle, pursuant to his petition presented to this house this fuel-. tKl.cn- section'of parliairieiit; which 'levtral debentures shall be issued to . 'tTj'" l\ t'lc company of undertakers of the grand canal, and to the like iiriivir.iiii , fiiid John James marquis of Abercorn, for the fevers I sums grnnt-t-an.'li raid C<1 to them respectively, under the like provisions, subject to the

"cl: several conditions',-limitations, and restrictions contained- in the said act, with respect to the several sums thereby granted, so far as the fame arc not varied by this act, and so that they be respectively applicable to the several purposes for -which the same are granted by this act, and be subject to the conditions, limitations, and reilriftions herein after mentioned.

II. And be it enacted, That the said company of undertakers of the grand canal, shall not be entitled, to receive any debenture or debentures, or to receive any benefit whatsoever under this act, for any fufn hereby granted, unless the said company shall have made deposits-of. one-tenth part of their fufcscriptions respectively, in government securities for- such-tenth part, in such manner and under such regulations, provisions, and restrictions, as by the said receited act are required with respect to bodies corporate, within eighteen calendar months after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

Mar us of be it enacted, That the said John James marquis of

At.creorn to " Abercorn, shall not be entitled to any debenture or debentures, 'oUnsVib-011' or to revive any benefit under this act, unless he.fii.n'l have licilm" aS ^cl>0^,tc^ one-tenth part of his subscription in government securities for such one-tenth part, in such manner and under such regulations as by the said receited act arc required with respect to the subscribers or undertakers therein mentioned, within ii:; calendar mouths after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

Gimpiiiy to clc|i(-lit l-lotll <:f

ith licicin.

The thlrty-fnj1 Year of George III. 781

IV. And be it enacted, That the said John James marquis of A.D. Abcrcorn, on performing the conditions hereby required, shall be 1791 entitled to, and shall hold and enjoy all powers, privileges, advan- d|aP- 42-tages and authorities in all things, for the purpose of carrying on

said navigation, to which the subscribers or undertakers rel’pedively »n

0 1 1 ' perti'imame

in said act mentioned wcie and are entitled, on performing the *.f comliiimu several conditions and provisions which such liibscribers and under-takers were by said act riquired to pet form.

V. And be it enacted, That the said company of undertakers Grand canal

of the grand canal, shall on performing the conditions hereby re- mi

quired, be in like manner entitled to all powers, advantages, privl- tied.on\>cr-leges and authorities to which they and oilier bodies corporate

were entitled by the said act, on performing the several conditions

and provisions which they and other bodies corporate were by said tcaudad.

ad required to perform.

VI. And whereas the making of floating and graving docks for the building, safe lying, and repair of Clipping, will be of great

advantage to the trade of this kingdom, be it enacted, That debentures to the amount of twenty-two thousand pounds, and no more, jA*

Debentures per cent. 22.CGO.

hearing an-interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per may bt ilfutd, annum, be idled by the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, paymaster dock*, or paymasters general, his or their deputy or deputies, to the company of undertakers of the grand canal, for making, compleating, and finishing floating and graving docks, for the safe lying, building, and repair of shipping, at the proposed termination of the grand canal at the river liffey, pursuant to their petition presented to the house of commons this session of parliament; provided that no debentures shall be idled to the said company, ikbrninia unless they shall actually have expended of their own proper JXimtil cwo-money on the said floating and graving docks, and on the quays and wharfs belonging to the fame, a sum equal to the full amount equal sum. which they shall demand of the public money; and that the said company shall not be entitled to receive a debenture or debentures for any part of the said sum of twenty-two thousand pounds, until proof shall be made by or on their behalf, before the commidoners of imprest accounts, of the expenditure of a sum equal to the full amount of the sum for which they shall demand one or more debentures, pursuant to this act.

VII. Provided also, That when the said company shall have When tom-expended of their own proper money the sum of seven thousand pounds upon the said floating and graving docks, wharfs, and j<['c quays, and shall have made proof of the expenditure thereof nm-storf., before the commissioners of imprest accounts, that then the said 22lC<,ci.

Vol. XV.9M company

782 The thirty-first Year ofi George III.

A.D.

company shall receive debentures for the sum of seven thousand 179'- pounds, part of the said sum of twenty-two thousand pounds; and Chap. 42. tjj3t wj,en the said company shall have expended the lad men-wiien tire tioned bounty or sum of seven thousand pounds, for which deben-hanTespe!^ ture9 have been issued as aforesaid, together with a further ccl tire film! herein, itml completed docks for 300 fail as herein,

anil proof

sum of thirty thousand pounds of their own proper money, and shall within two years from the first day of November next, iinifli the Paid docks, containing accommodation for the safe- lying of three hundred fail of sea vessels, with a supply of sixteen feet depth of water at the Icafl, and shall have made proof before the company to tcccive de-kenttrer. for 15,000l.

Hull be male commissioners of imprest accounts of the expenditure of the several Aims herein mentioned, and of the compleating of the said works in length, breadth, and situation, agreeably to their plan laid before the house of commons this session of parliament, that then the said company shall receive debentures for the further sum of fifteen thousand pounds, to compleat the sum of twenty-two thousand pounds herein before mentioned.

If tire com-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the whole of the said piny Until not hft mentioned Aim of thirty thousand pounds, shall not he ex-30,coal. they pended on ihe finishing of the said works, that then and in such arcto recent Cafe the said company shall only receive debentures as aforesaid.

wily a moiety ' as heiein.

Dotifft payable to the company for vessels coming into the floating luck*,

equal to the amount of one moiety, or half of such part of the said sum of thirty thousand pounds, as shall appear to the commissioners of imprest accounts to have been expended on the said works; it being the true intent and meaning of this act that the said company of undertakers shall actually have expended of their own proper money a Ann equal to the full amount for which they shall demand or receive of the public money, and shall prove before the commissioners of imprest accounts the expenditure of a sum equal to the full amount for which one or more debentures shall have issued as aforesaid, before they shall be entitled to receive any debenture, pursuant to this act upon any further application.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in consideration of the great charges and expellees which the making, building, crcfting, and providing such floating and graving docks, quays, wharfs, and works, and the supporting, maintaining, and keeping the fame in repair, there shall he payable and paid to the said company, or to their collectors or deputies for their use, for every ship or vessel coming into or going out of the said docks, or unlading or putting on ihorc, or lading or taking on board any goods, wares, or merchandize within the said docks, by the matter or commander, owner, or owners of every such ship or vessel, the several rates

The thiriy-frft Year of George III. 783

and duties hereafter particularly mentioned and described; that is A.D. to say, for every Irish ship or vessel coming into tire said floating 179f docks on the burthen or tonnage of such ship or vessel, a sum or rate not exceeding six pence per ton; and upon the burthen or 6a. i*rton tonnage of all other (lrips or vessels coming into the said floating ^pi1,*"1*1 docks, a sum or rate not exceeding one drilling per ton; and upon ,s. pertnu the burthen or tonnage of every ship or veil'd coming into, or riling the said graving docks, such graving dock rates and pay- «<Els ufins^ incuts as are paid or received for the like purposes for the enter- payfems ing of any ship or vc-flcl into, or using the graving docks at the port of Liverpool; and that all goods, wares, and merchandize fors..mU which shall he landed or discharged upon any of the quays or t"c

wharfs belonging to the said floating docks, to the extent of forty wharf.

feet from the edge of the water, and no further on the north and as at the port wed quays of the fame, shall be charged and chargeable with the like rates of wharfage and payments as are usually taken or received for any goods, wares, or merchandize loaded or discharged upon any quays or wharfs at the port of London, which several rates and duties shall be, and are hereby vested in the said company as their own proper monies, and to and for their own proper life and behoof for the purposes aforesaid.

X. And be it enacted, That the said company diall be and dand Company invested with, and diall hold and enjoy all and singular the like j||llp|J -or powers, privileges, advantage's, and authorities in all things for the managing purpose of carrying on, managing, and regulating the said docks, oi for timna^w wharfs, and quays, as are now vested in them for the purposes of J.^,l|llceia'J carrying on, managing, and regulating the grand canal.

XI. And be it enacted, That it diall and may be lawful to and Company for the said company, by and with the consent of the lord lieu- 3"er»tion* in tenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for cfocki, as the time being, to he testified under his or their sign manual, to consent of the make any addition to the said docks, or any alteration in the mail-

ner of constructing the fame, which may be thought expedient; provided that the said docks shall not be of less extent, or less depth than aforesaid; and that such docks shall occupy the ground which it is now intended that the same shall occupy.

XII. And be it enacted, That any vessel entering the said VeflWs redocks, and remaining therein for upwards of three months, shall

at the expiration of the lirfi three months he liable to, and shall I1"'"1'5"1"

1 1 dock*. it>pay

pay to the said company dockage a second time at the rates afore- fi*.m time t. said, and so on from time to time on the commencement of every I"’1'1'1' succeeding three months so long as such vessel shall remain in said docks.

0 M 2

84 27ie thirty-jirjl Year of George III.

A.D.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained, extend, or he construed to extend, to charge any boat, barge, Canal boat-, or lighter deemed a canal boat, barge, or lighter, carrying goods charged' from the said canal into the river Liffey, or carrying goods from the river Lissey up the said canal to any distance above the lock on the said canal next below the lock, commonly called the first lock, from the grand canal harbour in Saint James’s-Street, or Harcourt-I.ock, with any farther or other toll or duly for entiling or passing through said locks, than in the fame proportion that such boat, barge, or lighter shall or may be liable to pay to the said company for passing the said canal for any distance or number of locks above said docks.

CHAP. XLIII.

An Act to prohibit HorJ'e Races in the Neighbourhood of the City of Dublin.

Preamble, WHI'.RE AS much idleness, drunkenness and riot, have for some years pad been occasioned by the frequency of horse races in the neighbourhood of the city of Dublin, for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by no horse. Sc. the authority of the same, That it shall not be lawful for any

to run for any , r

public ptize person to cause any horse, mare or gelding, to run for any public milesI>f Dub- Prize "'hatever, within nine miles of his Majesty's catiie of Dublin calllc, lin, cither against any other horse, marc or gelding, or against more than 12 time; and that any assembly of persons more than twelve in fiiclnaci’1 number present at any horse race within nine miles from the said

otWui" ca^e) flisll be, and be deemed an unlawful assembly, and shall, aOimbly. and shall and may he dispersed as such, by any magistrate or peace officer, as in cases of unlawful assemblies, and the persons so present may be prosecuted, and in all respects proceeded against as persons present and abiding at an unlawful assembly. ltiilic« may

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful ti.zca.herein, for any jnfi;cc of spe peace of the county in which such race shall be, upon the view at the race, or upon the information upo'n oath of two credible witnesses, by warrant to seize any horse, Wfe'*'*"* mare or gelding, that shall run at any such race, and in eight seizedinS days after such seizure to fell such horse, mare or gelding by

days after,.

five as bckcin. psibl:<;

The thirty-first Year of George III. 785

public auction, in the market town neared to such race course, save only that in case fitch fei/.urc shall be made on information, and not on the view, the owner of inch liorfc, mare or gelding, may claim such horle before such justice, and if he shall make proof by one witness upon oath, to the satisfaction of such justice, that such hoile, marc or gelding, did not run at such race, the horse, mare or gelding, shall be returned to the owner thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That all money arising fiont such sale of any horse, marc or gelding, shall be by such justice forthwith after such sale paid to the treasurer of the county in which such race shall be, deducing thereout such expences ns he shall be necessarily put to, in maintaining, seizing, and Idling such

A.D. 171)!.

Money* to be paid to county irca* fur;r.

horse.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it Hull and may be lawful Jnili« may to and for any justice of the peace of the county in which such

races shall be held, or shall be advertised to be held, at or previous to the running of the horses, to prostrate all booths and tents erected for the accommodation of persons present at such races, and to; destroy all vessels containing spiritous liquors exposeil to anddcAroy sale at such races, or on the ground ou which or near to which rpiriious II-such races shall be, or intended to be run, and to spill all liquors <1U0,‘' so exposed to sale.

V. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend Not to«-to empower any justice of the peace to destroy any vessel or li- cd"L'"rc's!'nf qtior exposed for sale, in any house licensed to fell spiritous li-

quors.

CHAP. XLIV.

An Act for reviving and continuing several Temporary' Statutes.

WHEREAS the temporary statutes herein after mentioned, Preamble, :-are found:to.be of general'use, and fit to be continued, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty,: by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual arid teniiporal,' and commons, in this present parliament assembled,.and by the autho-city of; the fame, That an act. passed in the twenty-seventh year of riot aft 27 his present Majesty, entitled, An act to'prevent'Jumultuous rifmgi and afemblies, and for the more effectual punishment of persons guilty of outrage, riot, and illegal combination, and of adminiflcring and' n;it fcffiun. taking unlawful oaths, be further continued to, the-’ twenty-fourth'

Vet. XV. '9N day

786 The thirty-jirjl Year of George III.

A.D.

day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ' ninety-four, and

1791* to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it enacted by ilte authority aforesaid, That so much

So ttiticli of of one act of parliament made in this kingdom, in the sixth year re*ai«'tnVrc. l'lc re'6n *ler ^atc ^njesty Queen Anne, entitled, An act for explaining and amending two several acts against lories, robbers, tliecii. and and rapparces, as relates to the presentment of loose and idle

rity of Uut, vagrants, by the grand juries at the affixes, and at the general

tin, revived, quarter sessions of the peace for the county of Dublin, and county of the city of Dublin only, be revived, and that the fame, toge-amt8tliG !. ther with one other act made in this kingdom, in the eighth year fag ftlons°rt' the reign ol his late Majesty King George the lirft, entitled, &c- An act for amending an act, entitled, An act for the better and

more effcBnal apprehending and Iransporting felons and others, and for continuing and amending several laws made in this kingdom, for suppressing lories, robbers, and rapparecs, and also to prevent the lifting of his Majesty's subjcBs to serve as soldiers in foreign service, without his Majfys license, as also one other act, made in the also 3 g. a. third year of his late Majesty King George the second, entitled, sing'ajr&'c."8 An act for the more cjfcdnal preventing, and further punishment of forgery, perjury, and subornation of perjury, and to make it felony to seal bonds, notes, or other securilies for payment of money, and for the more effectual Iransporting felons, vagabonds and others, toge-with literati- ther with the alterations and additions made by an act passed in Geo^' mk this kingdom, in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty perpetual. King George the second, entitled. An act for continuing and amending several statutes now near expiring, be, and the same are hereby made perpetual.

Houghing W* And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act 231H patTcd in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his present nued to 24 Majesty, entitled. An act for the more cjfeBual discovery and pro-

and end fraction of offenders called bougbers, and for the supporl and main-km session. tcnauce of soldiers or others houghedmaimed\ and disabled by ftscb offenders, be continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and to the end of the then next session of parliament. -

IV., And whereas by an act of the thirtieth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting the severalfums therein mentioned, for certain pious and charitable uses, certain powers were therein specially granted to the governors and guardians of the hospital, for the relief of poor lying-in women in Dublin,- to raise any sum or sums of money not exceeding the fnm of four thousand pounds sterling, at the rate of five per centum per annum, for the

The shirty-frf Year of George III. 787

the purposes therein Specified: and whereas such powers or pro- A.D.

vilions have not been found neceflar)', be it therefore enacted by 1791

the authority aforesaid, That all such powers or provisions be, and s, muc|, of

are hereby repealed, and declared null and void to all intents and at

purposes whailoever. raffing 4000l.

for t!i« lying* in hotpiui, tfpealed

CHAP. XLV.

An Act for inclosng and improving Merrion-Squgre, in the City of Dublin.

WHEREAS the space of ground lying within the square, Preamble, called Merrion-Square, in the county of the city of Dublin, is become, and mult continue to be a very great nuisance to the inhabitants surrounding it, unless a proper inclosure round the fame be made and supported; and whereas a corisiderable number of the inhabitants and proprietors of the several houses and grounds surrounding the said square, have signified their earned wish and delire that the said square shall be properly inclosedt and the inside thereof improved and ornamented for the convenience and comfort of the several inhabitants as herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confeiit of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing commissio.-of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the persons herein aftfer named maj-mentioned as commissioners, or any five of them, forthwith to eontradl for the making, iinishing, fcompleating, improving, brna- Merrion-menting and inclosing the said square, called. Merrion-Square, in ^uare' such manner as they shall think moll proper.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That towards All housev making, completing and finishing said inclosure and improvements fcTtmenti^ in manner aforesaid; and in order to create a permanent fund for that purpose, all and every the houses and tenements on the north Square to lie fide of the said square, beginning at the house how in the occu- m'tKnual pation of Robert Day, esquire, No. 1. to the house of the right " honourable the marquis of . Antrim, both inclusive; also all and very the houses- and grounds on the eall fide of the said square, beginning at the house of James Bond, esquire, to the lot of ground at the south east angle thereof demised to, and now or hate in the possession of Mr. George Kent; likewise all and every q N 2 the

788 The thirty-first Year of George III.

A.D.

the houses and grounds on the south fide of the said square be-l79’ ginning at the corner house, now in the possession of Christopher

Dcey, esquire, and ending at the house of the weft corner of said south fide, both mchifive, as also the several houses and tenements on the weft fide of the said square, beginning at the house of Mrs. Earbery, adjoining to his grace the duke of Leinster’s lawn, and ending at the corner house of Glare-Street, now in the occupation of the right honourable lord Allen, both inclusive, as set forth in a schedule hereunto annexed, shall hereafter be chargeable with, and liable to the annual payment of Inch sum as the commissioners herein after named or their liiccelfors, or any five of them, shall from time to time by writing under their hands and seals direct and appoint, not exceeding the rate of three shillings for each foot running measure, or for any less proportion of a - foot, which the fronts of said several houses and grounds shall contain, as the admeasurement of them respectively are specified in the said schedule, to the several commissioners and their fiicceftors, or their lawful attorney oc assigns, for the purpose of making, finishing and completing a good and sufficient inclosure round the said square, in such manner and form as the said commissioners, or . any five of them shall think most proper; and for improving and ornamenting the inside of the said square, and for providing for and paying the necessary rent and other expences which may sums payable attend the obtaining the ground within said inclosure, the said bj^tisdf-yca,s* several sums to be paid,' and payable during the term of one hun-yearly pay- died and forty-seven years, by two equal half-yearly payments in intntj, every'year; that is to say, on every first day1 of November,'and sftpayment first day of May; the first payment thereof to-be, begin and Be on ill Nov. roa(ie on the first day of November next.

next. y

Names of,: BI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the right immission— honourable, lord'vifcoiint Liflord, the right honourable lord vif-trl count De Yefci, the right honourable William Brownlow, the right

honourable Theophilus Jones, the right honourable Richard Long-field, the honourable, general Stopford, the "Honourable Francis Hely Hutchinson, Robert Day, esquire, Maurice Bagenal, St. Leger.Kearing, esquire, William Downes, esquire, Peter Hblrnes, esquire,' John Wolfe, of Foren'aUgbts, Marcus Beresford, arid Nicholas AVeftbyj esquire, fir Samuel Bradstreet; baronet, the reverend archdeacon Thomas Hillings, Isaac Corry, esquire,‘ james Bond, esquire, Charles Henry Coote, esquire, Robert AihvVorth, esquire, John Whaley, esquire, and Christopher Deey, esquire,; be, and are hereby constituted and appointed commissioners for executing and conducting the said work, and for'‘the other purposes

The thirty-first Year of George III.

7$9

of this act; and that they may appoint a treasurer, who shall A.D. serve without fee or reward; and likewise an inspector and col- 1791 lector, with such allowance, not exceeding one shilling in the ^hap^dy pound to each for regulating the said work, and collecting the said a tr«ruii-r fund, as they the said commissioners, or any five of them shall pli.'iJ,?S:c. judge proper.__

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the raiuanr, u

death or resignation of any person or persons herein before named ‘"u "on tiic

as a commissioner; that then the surviving commissioners, live of ‘l ll.or rc:

/ ^ ' ligiratum of a

them at least being present, shall within three calendar months commission-

next after the death or resignation, or notice of the death or refig'-

nation of Inch person, elect and appoint some other fit person, r

at the time being the owner, proprietor, or inhabitant of any

ht.use or houses of said square, to be a commissioner in the place

and (lead of every such person so dying Or resigning; and as'

often as any vacancy shall happen by the death or resignation of the person or persons so to be hereafter elected to succeed therein,

that some other such person or persons shall in like manner, from.

time to time, be elected during the said terra of one hundred and

forty-seven years j which said person and persons so from time

to time to be elected, shall to all intents and purposes be deemed

and taken to be a commissioner for the purposes aforesaid; as

if his and their name and names were herein particularly in-

ferted-.

V. Provided nevertheless, That before every such election, eight 8

° notice of

days notice be first given for that purposein the Dublin Gazette, vision to and also in such of the public papers in the city of Dublin, as^r8J,'"a* the said commissionersi of any five of them' shall think proper; and by writing to lie left at the usual place of abode of the surviving commissioners in the' city of Dublin, of the suburbs dr liberties thereof.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall Cnmmlfli-artd may be lawful for the said commissioners and th'cir fiicccflors,

if need be, so have four general quarterly' meetings'of the jrie'ifi- tugiasltercitt. bers thereof yearly in Dublin, at such' place or places, and at such time or times as they shall think proper, to wit, on every first Monday in August,- first Monday in November^ first Monday in February, and first?. Monday' in May, and aS many other general-meetings- at- fuclv place or places in the' city of Dublin, as the said commissioners, or any five or more of them shall appoint.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 'c..mn,'ij.in it shall and may be lawful to and for the said coimr.iffiuuers, or,"V "l any person or persons by them duly authorized ami appointed, on

Vol. XV. p Q default

-> &-j.

ygo Tie thirt)-frjl Year of George III.

A, D default of payment of any of the fnms herein before enacted and ryyt.- directed to be raised, levied, and paid to them respectively, to en-Chap. 45. tcr ;nt0) anj Upon eac], and every, or any of the houses now built, or hereafter to be built on the said several grounds herein before mentioned, and hereby severally charged or chargeable therewith, and to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods of every inhabitant, occupier, or proprietor of such houses or grounds refusing or neglecting to pay the same, rendering the overplus, if any, to such inhabitant, occupier, or proprietor, after deducing thereout the sum of one shilling in the pound, for the expence incurred in collecting the fame j or in case there shall be no such honfe or building erected or (landing on any part or parts of the said ground, every such sum or films shall be paid by the immediate lessee of such ground, under Richard lord viscount Fitzwilliam, his or their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, and shall be recovered by action of debt, or otherwise, as the rent of the said ground is recoverable.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any of the distress or distresses made or taken for the rents or Aims payable to the said commissioners by virtue of this act, Avail at any time or times hereafter be replevied, that the said com-tnitfioners, or their bailiff or bailiffs, may avow or make cognizance generally, that such distress was made for rent due to them, by virtue of this act, without setting forth their right or title to fame at large, and if thereon judgment shall be obtained again! the plaintiffs in replevin, such plaintiffs shall pay treble costs.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons who shall wilfully or maliciously destroy or injure the iron railing surrounding said inclosure, or any lamps,

wl cxc ihc'C lliaK be To house, Sc. lums to be jwi«l by die IcflVe of Tin) Fits* william.

Treble rolls npiimfl plaintiffs m replevin.

Fealty on tlcstroyiagt injuring, or climbing, as

3 mon’ii?, im-‘ globes, or lights erected thereon, or the (lone base supporting the iHifiHtmcut. fame^ or such buildings as are now or shall be hereafter erected on any part of the said square, or destroy any of the trees or (lirubs which shall be planted in the inside of the square, or any of the railing, or climb over the railing surrounding said square, every such person shall on due conviction thereof, in a summary way, by the testimony of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or by confession of the party accused, or other sufficient proof upon oath before any two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of the city of Dublin, forfeit the sum of five paint's sterling over and above all other penalties heretofore infiifted by law for such offence, and on default of payment thereof, be imprisoned for three months, without bail or mainprize, which said conviction shall be final and conclusive to all parties.

Tm Year of George III. 79r

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That A.D. in order "to raite a fufiieienc sum for the purposes of the said inciu- 1791 sure, and ihc ornamenting and improving the inside of the said square, and for the payment of the rent of the said ground or purchase money of the determinable imereft in the fame, it shall ^"'1 Vy end may be lawful to and for the said commissioners and their

J t g;agr, or «;s

successors, or the majority of them, five at lead being present at bciauns, for any general quarterly meeting, by writing under their hands and 15 feats, to raise by sale or mortgage of all or any part of the said fund, or by issuing debentures thereon, bearing interest at the rate of six pounds by the hundred by the year, or by the yearly appropriation of any part thereof, such sum or furns of money as shall or may sufficient for the purpose of purchasing the estate, title, or interest of all and every the tenant or under-tenant of the lands lying within said square, and of paying for the said railing and for the improving the said inside, or for the payment of the rent of the ground within-fide the said square, to the owner or owners, inheritor or inheritors thereof, or for any other useful or ornamental purpose within-fide the said square, or the expences incident to the credting, making, 'preferring, and continuing the same.

XI. And whereas the inside of the said square is now in possession of sundry persons who have leases or derivative interests thereof, whose interest it may be necessary to purchase out, for the purposes of this act; and whereas it is necessary for the purposes of this act, to veil; in the commissioners herein named, and their successors, the aflua! possession of the ground within-fido the said square, and to enable them to agree for the pin chafe of the fame, or for a Ieafe or leases of the fame, at a certain rent to he paid for the same, to the inheritor or inheritors, owner or owners thereof, or of any imereft therein; be it enacted therefore by the c.nmn 15-authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the com- °n"t53

missioners, or any five or more of them, to treat, contrail, and

agree from time to time with the inheritor or inheritors, and with ties gruuml, the several owners, proprietors, occupiers of, and persons interested in the said inside ground, for fitch recompenfo and satisfaction to be made for the fame, either by purclufe or an annual rent, a; they or any five or more of the said commissioners and the said interested persons shall agree upon, which said purchase money or annual rent shall be paid out of the fund hcreny created as aforesaid; and if such inheritor or inheritors, owner, proprietor, occupier, or person interested ilpdl happen at the time to be an infaut, idiot, lunatick, or married woman, or labouring under any legal i) 0 j difujiiity,

-79*

A.D.

79'-Chap. 45.

punrdmns, jjc may con tua.

iVrfORS Tit picking 10 mat, after jiutice, as herein)

valuation may be pro-reeded mi as by the laws for lie improvement of the city of Dublin.

Juries may award as herein,

no inhdnt-fylt, &c. to

serve oti fuefe jury.

The thirtyfirfl Year of George III.

disability, that then and in such case the guardian, committee, or husband of such person or persons shall be at liberty, and have full power and authority to treat, contrail, and agree touching the premises with said commissioners, in as full and ample manner as such person might, if not labouring under any disability.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the inheritor or inheritors, owner or owners, proprietors, or occupiers, or any such person or persons so interested as aforesaid, upon fourteen days notice to him, her or them, given or left in writing at the dwelling house or place of abode of such person or persons, if refulent within the city of Dublin, and if such person or persons shall not have any known refulence within the city of Dublin, then fourteen days after notice given in writing to the known agent of such person or persons at his or her place of abode in the said city, and after notice by advertisement inllrted in the Dublin Gazette, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree to fell or demile the fame, or any part thereof, to the said commissioners, for the purposes of this act, then and in such case the said commissioners, or any live or more of them, may issue a warrant or precept to the (herift's of the county of the city of Dublin, and proceed upon the valuation thereof, in the like manner as by the several laws now in force for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by making wide and convenient passages through the fame; and that the said commissioners hereby authorized; shall have on such proceedings touching the premises, all and singular such powers, authorities and privileges as the commissioners haye or ought to have, when ailing under the several; aits made and now in force for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by. making wide and convenient passages- through the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it- shall and: may be lawful to and for any, jury to be impanelled by virtue of this act; to airy's and award such Turns of money as-, to them- shall appear just and reasonable, for the value of the inte.rest.-of such person or persons served. with such notice, and who have determinable interests in the ground within the said square, and to assess and award such annual rent, to be paid, and payable by the said conj-missioners and their successots, to the inheritor or inheritors, owner or owners of the said ground, as-they shall deem reasonable out of the fund provided by this, ait; and every such person having such determinable interest, shall upon payment of such sum so. awarded, make and execute proper conveyances thereof to the: said commissioners, or any five or more of them, and their successors, to and for the uses and purposes of this act j provided, that no

inhabitant

shall Law awjri anmi:

The thiriy-frft Year of George III. 793

inhabitant or proprietor of any house or ground in said square A.D. shall be capable of serving on said jury. 1791

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

when such jury shall have assessed and awarded the annual rent Wlionjuiy

to be paid and payable by the said commissioners, out of the funds f

provided by this adi, the owner or owners, inheritor or inheritors

of the said ground, shall duly make and execute to the said com- t.c

missioners, one or more demile or demiles of the said ground with-

in the said square, for the term of one hundred and forty-seven 1+-

1 J item ill Mdjr.

years, from the first day of May next, at and under the rent so to be assessed and awarded by such jury, and such taxes, charges, and impositions as such ground may be subject to.

XV. And to prevent all doubts concerning the number of feet contained in the front of the houses or grounds around the said square; be it ci/afled by the authority aforesaid, That the said houses and grounds shall be rated and pay according to the mini- £ her of feet and parts of feet respectively Rated oppolitc to each in "'v'j' the schedule hereunto annexed, and that the lame be deemed and unUf*»..i-taken to be the incnluration of such houses and grounds within i,ppc.:r, the meaning of tilts act, unless l'ome material error shall hereafter

appear therein, in which case the same shall lie finally redified by the said commissioners, or any five or more of them; and that the fame and the schedule hereunto annexed, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act, and be judicially taken notice of as a; "Wit.-such by all judges, justices, and ether persons whatsoever, without l'pecially pleading the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Aatum m

J % t , lx* e< tmiu'nc*

if any action shall be commenced against the faiu commissioners, «it wit!,m

or any of them, or again! any person employed by them, or acting "'u'|j!ha "f lt'e

under their authority in the premises, for or by reason of any act,

matter or thing done in pursuance of or by authority of this act,

that such action flail not be maintainable unless the fame liraII

be commenced within three calendar months next after such cause of action shall have accrued; and further that it shall be lawful for the defendant or defendants in such action or adionsto plead the

general issue, anil give the special matter in evidence.

XVII. And whereas there is no area funk at the gable end of the house, marked No. I, ill tire laid square, and it is doubted whether as the laws now (land the owner of the said house hath a right to rail in the waste ground lying between the foot path and the said gable end, or the dead wall behind the said house, or to erect any projection upon the said ground: and whereas it is fit and rca Ion able that individuals ftiotild be accommodated where

V.O.L. XV.9P

no

794 A.D. 1791.Chap. 4.5.

The owner of the house, No. 1. may fink, enclose, and erc£l aa herein.

No en» croachment to be made on the foot* path.

The thirty-first Year of George III.

no inconvenience can aiile to others or to the public; be it en-aCled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the owner of the said house to fink an area at the gable end thereof, or to rail in, inclose, and occupy the said wade ground, and to crcCt a porch or projection thereon, any law or statute now in being to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be conllrued to authorize any encroachment upon the foot path of lower Mcrrion Street, but that the foot path outside of such inclosure or projection shall be of an equal breadth with the rest of the foot path of the said street.

SCHEDULE of the several houses and ground around Mcrrion-Square, specifying by whom inhabited, occupied or taken, his or her representatives or assigns, as also the number of feet and parts of feet contained in their several fronts respectively.

No.

Feet. Inches

1 Robert Day, Esquire,

2 The Rev. Archdeacon Thomas Hastings,

3 Sir Samuel Bradftrect, Baronet,

4 Right Hon. Lady Maflarecn,

5 The Hon. and Rcvd. John Pomeroy,

6 Nicholas Wellby, Esquire,

7 Henry Westenra, Esquire,

3 The Right Hon. Theophilus Jones,

9Amos Strettell,* Esquire,

10 Thomas Twigg, Esquire,

11 Mrs. Moore Coote,

12 Right Hon. William Brownlow,

13 The Revd. Dudley Charles Ryder,

14 The Revd. Dean Ryder,

15 Mrs. - Fitzgerald,

16 Robert Afliworth, Esquire,

17 George Hatton, Esquire,

18 Colonel Montiford Longfiekl,

19 Lady Elizabeth Tynte,

20 Sir Frederick Flood, Baronet,

21 The Hon. General Stopford,

22 The Right Hon. Richard Longfield,

23 Henry Cope, Esquire,

24 John Wolfe, Esquire,

22 o 28 o 30 o 28 o 30 o 30 0 30 0 32 0 30 o 30 0 40 o 68 o 30 o 30 o 30 o 26 0

25, i

28 o 28 o 28 o oS o 30 o 30 o 30 o 25 The

Iso,

The thirty-first Year of George III. No. Feet. Inches. 795 A.D.

25 The Right Hon. Lord Vifc. Dc Vefci, 32 O 1791.

25 William Downes, Efcjuire, - 35 0 Chap. 45,

27 The Right Hon. Lord Callan, 35 0

28 Rowland Bateman, Esquire, 29 0

29 William Gore, Esqtiire, 29 0

30 The Right Hon. Lord Lifford, 29 0

The Right Hon. Lord Landaff, 3° 0

The Marquis of Antrim, 84 0

James Bond, Esquire, 35 0

Edward Kent, Esquire, 3° 0

Humphry Butler, Esquire, 3° 0

James Farrell, Esquire, 28 0

Robert Dcey, Esquire, 28 0

Charles Henry Coote, Esquire, 3° 0

Edward Kent, Esquire, >7 6

Mr. Nicholas Le Favre, 03 6

Mr. James Me Mahon, 103 6

Mr. George Kent, I03 6

Christopher Deey, Esquire, 140 0

Mr. James Doyle, - 3° 0

The Right Hon. Lord Fitzwilliam, 80 0

Mr. Joseph Sandwith, - - 60 0

Mr. Hall Lamb, -. 56 0

Mr. John Smith, - 56 0

Mr. Gabriel Whiltler, 90 0

Mr. Peter Roe, - 56 0

Mr. James Doyle, - 50 0

Mr. Humphry Worthington, 84 0

Gustavus Hume, Esquire, 136 0

Mr. John Connell, ... »52 0

Mrs. Earbery Widow, 27 0

The Hon. Thomas Knox, 38 0

Peter Holmes, Esquire, - 27 0

Francis Hely Hutchinson, Esquire, 39 0

The Hon. Mr. Justice Henn, 3r 0

Mrs. Forde, Widow, 3° 6

The Right Hon. Lord Allen, 3° 0

XIX. And whereas by an act passed in the thirtieth year of r.c'u! m his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for further amending 3s 3' an at7, entitled, An act for continuing and amending an a&passed in the tisienlysecond year of his present Majestys reign, entitled, j P 2 An

7<$ The thiriy-frfl Year of George III.

A.D. 1791.

-surplu‘5 of duty by recited act ap-p'tcable to payment of debenture?, may be applied as prdcrih-i-d thereby, cr as Iitieiu.

An act for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by making wide and convenient passages through the fame, and for regulating the coal trade thereof and for other pttrposes j it is enacted, that as often as there shall on any twenty-fourth day of June, or twenty-fourth day of December, after the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety, be any surplus or exceedings of the duty in the said act mentioned, after payment of the interest on the debentures to be ifined in pursuance of the said act, and all expences that might accrue in the execution of the acts therein mentioned, and of the said act, or authorized by the fame, amounting to one thousand pounds, such surplus on any of the said days is to be applied to the payment of the said debentures, in the manner in the said act mentions: and whereas it may be expedient to vary the manner of af ertaining the debentures, which from time to time are required by the said act to be paid; be it enacted, That so often as there shall be any surplus of the said duty by the said act applicable to the payment of the said debentures, it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners in the said act mentioned, from time to time to apply the fame in discharge of the said debentures, either in the manner prescribed by the said act, or, if they shall deem it more expedient for the public!: good, to discharge such debentures in regular numerical order, beginning with number one, and proceeding in regular succession until all the said debentures shall be paid oft' and discharged, any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAP. XLVI.

An act for settling and preserving a Public Observdtory and Mu-feu m in the City of Armagh, for ever.

WHEREAS the moll reverend father in God, Richard lord archbishop of Armagh, primate and metropolitan of all Ireland, out of his generous inclinations to the good of this kingdom, and for the encouragement of the liberal arts and feiences, very lately at his own cofi and M otiferva- charges crcfted and built such observatory and mufenm and from Wlt"U" cut ^or ^lc present twenty acres in or near the said city by itit pit- of Armagh, intended as an endowment for the keeper of the

mate, auu 20 "

acio* laid cut laid observatory and mufenm. and his successors for ever;

for the

ktijnr, WhKh

The thkty.-frf Year of George III. 797

which said twenty acres arc the eftale of the fee of Armagh, and are now io the ppflefiton. of the reverend doctor James Archibald Hamilton, lately nominated and appointed keeper of the said observatory and mu feu m: And whereas the said Richard lord arch-bigiop of Armagh, intending that the keeper of the said observatory and niufcum should he under the government and visitation of the primate for the time being, the reverend the dean of Armagh for the time being, and certain other persons herein after named, and their successors, who by an act of parliament made in this kingdom in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, were at the petition of the said Richard lord arch-bishop of Armagh, incorporated for the hotter regulation of the public library of Armagh, then also lately creeled at the eofts of the said Richard lord nrcii-liifliop of Armagh, and for the preservation of the funds thereof: And vyhercas the said Richard lord arch-bishop of /Armagh, did by a certain indenture, bearing date tb,e fifth day of April last, so far as in him lay, vest the said qbferv.itory and museum, and the said twenty acres of land, and an agronomical and phjjofo-pbical apparatus, intended by tl;.e said lord arch-bishop to be dgpqfited in and bestowed upon the said observatory apd museum, in the governors apd guardians of the said public library., upop trpfts fijuijar for the regulation and preferya-tjop of the said observatory and mpfetun, to those with

A.D. 1791. Chap. 46.

kc'per to be r the go* vcriin ent of the pinnate, dvnn, &c. tttcorporatctl

by 13 fir A' Geo. 3.

observatory, &c. veiled by the primate in cite governor* of the library,

which they are jnycRe.d by ,tl\c said a<R of parliament, with respect to the said public library, and all things deposited therein; and the said lor,d pr.ch-bishop did ihortly after the Dr.Ham.ilwa execution of the flit! lah mentioned deed, nominate and ajp-point the reverend doctor James Archibald Hamilton, the fiqft keeper of the said o.bfcryatpry and museum: And whereas Furili(.r.eii-the said Richard lord arch-bishop of Armagh, doth intend tended by the further to endow the said observatory and museum with lands |mmatc' in fee limplc; and as it may be doubtful whether such gift can be valid without a liqenfe to alien the fame in mortmain, at the suit therefore of the said Richard lord arch-bishop of Armagh, and to remove the said doubt and all others which might ,?,rife for want of an incorporation of the governors and guardians of the said qbfqr.va.lor.y and museum, as well as those of the said public library, be it enacted by the King’s n;oft excellent Majesty, by and with the :advice and consent o.f the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this V.ol. XV.9O, present

<|e;m ami cht| *cr for the time being,

to remrn ttun?icnah?y in tniilccs for ever, fiv? as hereafter,

houfv ami land free from all taxes, except expicMy

charged.

Archblthop, ilcxn ami chapter, for llic time be* log,incoipo-rated foi ever,

The thirtyf.vjl Year of George III.

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said observatory and museum, and the fa-bricks thereof, and the ground on which they Hand, and all appurtenances to the fame, and the said twenty acres of land, and the said astronomical and philosophical apparatus of the said lord arch-bishop of Armagh when lodged therein, and also all other astronomical instruments, optical glasses. and natural or other curiosities, as shall bs given and placed therein by the said lord arch-bishop of Armagh, or any other person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, and all other things of what kind or nature soever which shall at any time from thenceforth be given or disposed of, whether personally or by deed or will, to the use of the said observatory or museum, or to the office of the keeper thereof, be vested in the arch-bishop of Armagh for the time being, the reverend the dean of Armagh, and the other members of the chapter of Armagh, and their fucecftors Severally for the time being for ever in trust, and to and for the respective uses and purposes herein before mentioned, to be intended concerning the same respectively, to the use of the said observatory and museum, and the keeper thereof for ever, and to such other uses, intents and purposes as Shall be declared or appointed by the person and persons giving, granting, and deviling the fame, and to no other use or intent or purpose whatsoever, and that the fame shall remain, continue, and be in the said trustees and their fucceliors for ever unalienable and without their being capable of forfeiting, felling, incumbering or otherwise disposing of the fame, (otherwise than as herein after mentioned) the said house so founded by the said Richard lord arch-bishop of Armagh, as an observatory and museum, and the said twenty acres of land in the said city of Armagh, to be and remain free from all manner of taxes imposed, or hereafter to be imposed by act of parliament, except the fame shall be charged expressly and by name, any law, usage, or custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And for the better preservation of the said observatory and museum, with their and every of their appurtenances, and every matter and thing therein to be deposited, and for making the same more useful to the public, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lord arch-bishop of Armagh for the time being, the reverend the dean of

T/js thirty-firs: Year of George III. .799

Armagh for the time brine, together with the other mcm- A.D. ' bers of the chapter for the time being, severally far ever, be created a corporation or body politic, for the purposes contained herein only, and be appointed governors and guardians of the said observatory and museum so htely built, anti in part founded by Richard lord arch-bishop of Armagh; and that the governors and guardians be authorized to elect pnvenwrstn two persons to be joined with them in the aforesaid trn!l, as ffd governors and guardians of the said observatory and museum, ,raK 10l"nt’ and upon the death or resignation of any fueii eluded governors or guardians, from time to time to eietl other fit person or persons to be governors or guardians in their room, and that the said governors and guardians for the lime be- coreiiion ing, in their own names and deferiplions as aforesaid, as 1,receive ail well as by the title of governors and guardians of the obfer- ^"e^eedins vatory and museum, created by Richard lord arch-bishop of 303’ il!rea^ Armagh, Avail have power, and be authorized, empowered and enabled to accept, take and reeuive all such gifts, grants, and legacies as aforesaid, and that they shall have a capacity to take from the said Richard lord arch-bishop of Armagh, and from any other person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, by deed or will, or leftamentary disposition, lands, tenements or hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly value of three hundred pounds, and to Hand and be seized and posselfed thereof for ever, to the uses and under the trulls aforesaid, and be capable to sue for ll'.e fame in any court of law or equity, the ftalute o: mortmain, and all other laws, statutes, usages or customs to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and that they the said governors or guar- 3 governors, dians, or any three or more of them, the arch-bishop of Ar-rcagh, for the time being, being prefcnl and of that num- oril>'*'1

w . , f 1 absence, as

her, but in case of his being sick, or absent out of this herein, 5 go-

kingdom, or during the vacancy of the said fee, that then mtaraiof any five or more of the said governors or guardians shall &c‘ have power and authority, and be authorized to meet together from time to time, and as often as there shall be occa-fic.n, to consider of and to make such reasonable rules and orders for the better government and management of the ibid observatory and rnufevm, and flic aflronomcr and keeper thereof for the time being, as they shall think necessary and convenient; to which rules and orders made as aforesaid, aCmnomer the aflronomcr for the time being, fir.:! toy ever be subject, S^-'0

0 O

rules nn

and pa!n of C>r-

8'oo the thirty-frfi Year of George III.

A.D.

1791,1. Chap. 46.

A limn »mcr

CO:(iniling

ofoll »a:e 7 day?, f jio’.cr

urns, ilic arcliliifliop beinft oiks' nuy remove him.

another may ho appointed.

and fhalT from lime to lime observe, oil' pain of being fuf-pc tided from the fai'd office or employment, and from the income, profits and lodgings thereunto belonging, at and during the' pleafiifc of the fai'd governors and guardians-

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the said afiroriom'er and keeper of the mirfeum that! continue obstinate feveri days after his being ftrfpenrf-ed as aforesaid, and will not observe the orders, rules and directions of the said governors and guardians, that then and in such case the said governors and guardians, or any five or more-of them, the arcii-billiop of Armagh for the time being, being present and df that number, shall have power rind be authorized to meet together, and to.deprive and remove the said aflronohier off and from the said office dr employment, and to take from him the income, profits arid lodgings to the said office belonging, from the time of his continuing and being declared obstinate as aforesaid; and also that anofficr astronomer and keeper of the said observatbry‘and museum be nominated and appointed, in like irtaiiiiei as if the said astronomer so derived or removed was

naturally death

Nomination

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, XldXX. That the nomination and appointment of an astronomer and X'dine hc' keeper of the said observatory and museum, upon a vacancy >"s. of the said office, now filled by the said doctor James Archi-

" bald Hamilton, and of his successor and successors from time

to time, so often as there shall be occasiort, upon the death of such astronomer and keeper of the said observatory and museum for the time being, or upon the furrc'nclcr or forfei-

ture or other a voidance of the said office, be 'vested in the nnroncmer so arch-bishop of Armagh for the time being, and that the per-toc°j°y ’ f°h so nominated and appointed, and none other shall be af-iand'Tc tronomer or keeper of the said observatory and museum for the time being, and hold that office during his good behaviour, and be intitled to the lodgings and apartments in said hdufc, allotted for the keeper of the said observatory and museum, and to the said twenty acres of land, and to such salary as may be allowed to the office out of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, with whic'h the said observatory j certificate or museum shall hereafter'be endowed as aforesaid; provided ailronurarr the said astronomer and 'keeper of the said museum so to be S'tou"' appointed, shall at the next meeting of the governors or produced, as guardians

htifin.

The thirl\-frjl Year of George III.

guardians succeeding such his appointment, prodnee a certificate from the aflronomer royal of England for the time being, of his due'qualification for the said office, which certificate shall be entered in the registry of the corporation; and if such certificate is not produced at the first meeting of the corporation subsequent to such nomination, the appointment shall be void and of none efiecl, and shall also before his a'dmission give to governors and guardians security to the value of five hundred founds by recognizance, with two sufficient securities, that none of the several particulars already given or bestowed, or hereafter to be given and bestowed on the said observatory or museum, or either of them, shall be loft or otherwise embezzled, and shall also take the oath following, videlicet.

I A.B. do swear, that I will life my ntmost care and endeavour to preserve all and every of the particular matters and things which have been already given and bellowed, or which hereafter during my time in office shall be given or be flowed to or on the observatory and museum, erected by Richdrd lord arch-bishop of Armagh, and that I will not wittingly or willingly fiffer any of the said particulars during my continuance in the office of aflronomer and keeper of the said observatory and museum, to le lent abroad, given away, or embezzled, or be in any wise damnified through my fault.

So help me God.

Which said oath the arch-bishop of Armagh for the time being, or in case of his being absent or sick, or of the vacancy of that fee, any two or more of the said governors or guardians shall be authorized and empowered to administer and to tender the same.

V. Provided always, That it may be lawful for the said governors and guardians, or any three or more of them, to change any of the particular matters or things bestowed or hereafter to be bestowed or given to the said observatory or museum, or either of them, any thing contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governors or guardians, or any three or more of them, whereof the arch-bishop of Armagh, unless sick or out of the kingdom, or that the said fee shall happen to

Vol. XV.9R be

801

A.D. 1791. Chap. 46. *v w

:i:u1 JO'!, fc*

vTliiiy clvci),

Ojth to he taken.

Archhiiliop, or 2 goVeT-not 5 may a<I-nmiilUr u-iiU.

Oarer.iors may cJ.MMyr thir.gj he* tltwnl to flic ' ubfervatosf-

Ooveriiu^, &C :». jp-ioil* to -i:t ;|,c

uar.

2r.‘

The shirty-fivft Year of George III.

be vacant, shall always be one, and in case of such abfer.rc or sickness that one of the governors aforesaid, whom the arch-bishop shall under his band and archiepiscopal sea! appoint to he present and of that number, shall on the day preceding, or next after the visitation of Armagh, personally visit every year the said observatory and mufetim duly and respectively, and inspect the state and condition of the fame, and of every thing therein contained, and at such their vibration make such rules and orders, and give such directions -concerning the same, as to them, or the major part of them, shall seem necessary and convenient.

RiiIwjuU Vfl. Provided always, That such rules and regulations nijt cdiitnuy -for the government of the said observatory or museum, or inVoFucs '" -either df ’hem, or the afironomcr and keeper thereof, which 'have been already made or shall be hereafter made by in-itiimiing strument or instruments, under the hand and foal of the -aforehiid Richard lord arch-bishop of Armagh, and which arc not or shall not be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this' aft, shall be considered as Handing rules of the said observatory and museum respectively, until altered or repealed by the joint fuftrages of two-thirds of the whole corporation assembled together, the arch-bishop of Armagh for the time being, being present at the said meeting or visitation.

‘VIII. And whereas it is necessary that the said governors -or guardians should have due notice of the time and place for their meeting, to execute the trust reposed in them by this act, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Two dap fbat the arch-bishop of Armagh for the time being, or in notice of cafc af ld5 absence or neeleft, that then any two of the said

nutting to he

fc»t u. the governors or guardians be directed to give due notice, and gotremou. fclu[ summons to each of the said governors and guardians, of the time and place intended for the meeting of the said governors and guardians for the purposes aforesaid, two days Saving tobis at least before the time of such meeting; saving nevertheless to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and saving to all other person and persons, bodies politic and corporate, their heirs, executors, administrators and successors, other than the said Richard lord arch-bishop of Armagh, and his executors, arfmiuistrators and successors, all such right, title, or intcrefl as they or any of them had, or may or might have in to or in any wise concerning the premises herein before

mentioned,

Iajesty and others, nil right* in* ‘ttuil, &e.

The ih'n'.yfir': I't'i.'!' cf George III. 8oj

mentioned, or any part, parcel, or particular thereof, in- A. I>. tended to be inverted in the aforesaid trustccs severally, for the respective uses, intents and pnrposes before mentioned, as if this act had never been made.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ApaWicait. this act rtiall be deemed, taken, and allowed in all courts within this kingdom, as a public act, and that as such all judges shall take notice thereof, without specially pleading the same.

CHAP. XLVII.

An Act to enable the federal Grand ’juries within the Province of Munfer, at their Affixes, to Present competent Sums of Money for the Repair of Track-ways along navigable Rivers within their respective Counties, and also to enable the Giand Jury of the County of Kildare, to encrease the Sala y of the County Treasurer.

WHEREAS it will much contribute to the case and Preamble, convenience of- navigating the rivers of this kingdom, on which boats have been accustomed heretofore to be towed byhorfes, that the towe-pathsand track-ways belonging 1o the fame, should be kept in sufficient repair: be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, arid commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twentictli !ck!* day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, t'.<-^am! ju’-it shall and may be lawful for the several grand juries with-in the province of Muuiter, at the spring or summer a/Hzes p^rtntfuffi-in each year, to present such sums of money on their re- ci«i ru"ls<®

*_. J r jnike jowl or

lpective baronies m which Inch trxekwavs are utuate, as repair towc-dial I and may be sufficient to make good or repair or widen [7aiVways, such towc-paths and track-ways within the said respective counties; the said towe-paths to be of the full breadth °fPi«i'*° fifteen feet at the least, and said preferments to be made, and said money to be levied, raised, and accounted for, under the fame regulations and restrictions, as monies to be Ic-j*rai vied and raised for the making or repairing of roads pursuant to the laws now in being in this kingdom; provided that9R 2 nothing

8 <14 The thirty first Year of George III.

A- D. nothing in this act shall be construed to extend to the repairing the track-ways of canals, or of rivers whereon tolls N<-t t»exsiiui are paid or payable to corporate companies., rit'-'is u’lirre

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaidi That the t0Oi"n<:l'iu'>- Sn'-nci jury of the county of Kildare, may present a fuin not Kiiiim 'iT excte(1|,ng pounds per annum., as a salary for the trea-Kifait 5ci. surer of the said county of Kildare.

per amt fur the co. irea-(uver.

CHAP. XLVIII.

An Act for the Divifon of certain Baronies of great Extent hi the Counties of Donegal and Meath.

Preamble, WHEREAS the county of Donegal is of great extent, W and divided only into five baronies: and whereas it will tend greatly to the better and more equal disposal of the public money, and ease of the public cess, that the said baronies should be subdivided: and whereas the barony of Boyiagh and Banagh, one of the said baronies, confife of the parillics of Enver, Killymard, Killaghtee, Glenn, Kilcarr, Killybeggs, Enifchiel, Lettermacaward, and Temple Croan, which are rated in the county books, in the proportion of three shillings and five pence for every twenty shillings levied off the county at large; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority After rummer of the fame, That from and after the summer assizes, which the'parioici' shall be held for the said county, in the year one thousand uXVd:rd fieven hundred and ninety-one, the parishes of Enver, Killy-tma barony, mard, Killaghtee, Killybeggs, except that part hereafter excepted, Glenn, Kilcarr, and so much of the parish of Enif-chicl, as lies south of the river Onea, and weft of the river Aontaker, shall be to all intents and purposes a distinct barony, and be called and known by the name of the baroam! to l« ny of Banagh, and be rated by the treasurer of the comity S.i.in the in the apportioning of all money prefen ted to be raised on bvitmlm/r ^lc county at large, at the rate of two shillings and three pan (ires lure- pence in the pound, and no more, and the remaining part be .'tuna of the said barony confiding of the parishes of Templecronn,

Lettermacaward,

The thirtj-fujl Year of George III.

I.ettcrmacaward, that part of Enifchiel, lying north of the river Onea, and east of the river Aontaker, together with a small portion of Killybcggs, eastward of the Aontaker, and the town lands of Earn and Strana-cross, shall be to all intents and purposes a distinct barony, and be called and known by the name of the barony of Boylagh, and fliull be rated by the treasurer of the said county in apportioning of all public money presented off the county at large, at the rate of one shilling and two pence in the pound, and no more, and of the said money so apportioned on the said barony of Boylagh, the parish of Templccroan shall pay two-sixths, and the parish of Lettermacaward one-sixth, and no more.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the grand juries of the said county may at any assizes, within three years from the first of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, divide by presentment any other of the said baronies, and ascertain the limits of the fame, and what parifltes or portion of parishes shall belong to each of said baronies so to be divided.

III. Provided always, That in applotting and apportioning such money as shall be presented to be levied on the said" divided baronies, the fame proportion or rate shall be maintained between the said baronies so divided and the other baronies and the county at large, as was kept and maintained between the said divided baronies before the division thereof, and the said other baronies and the county at large before such division thereof.

IV. And be it enacted, That such |ialf barony or portion of barony so divided, shall from the time of such presentment be deemed one entire barony.

V. And whereas the barony of Slane in the county of Meath, is very extensive, and rated in the county books at twenty-one thousand one hundred and six acres, and it is expedient for the case and more equal disposal of the public ccfs, that it should be divided into two baronies, to be called and known by the name of the baronies of upper and lower Slane: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the summer assizes, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-or.e, the several town lands in the pari files of Slane, Gornonitown, Stackallcn, Couth, Moricknewtown, Grange-geath, and such part of the lordship of Mellefont,

Vet. XV. o S as

and rated it is. *<1. in life

G amij-t-

rtsm.iysli vi.Jcany haiomts ui f:i«l co. wiiii-to 3

ftuiii id Mtf

Gfifcm’ne the tame pio-(Kjrtitcs.

Such po*i*v*ii deemed anca-tire barou}'.

After film' liter jffizes 1791.the faiids herein d.fntbcdfiv.iH he (iteim-.l au erilirrk.i.-ujy, ?:ui culled

'866 '-27'f thirtyfirst Year ff/'f George III.

i A.D. 'as lies fout’n and West of the Mattock "fiver, and which fe-'1791 .'veral lands are bounded On the south by the river Boyne, on the'cad by the Mattock rrviJr,-Jori the:north by the Mattock’river and the pdfilh of Killary,- and on the weft by the baronies of Ndvan and Moygaliion, shall be separated from the refVdfthe barony of Slane, and shall be deemed 'one entire i.afony, arid'diall be called the barony of upper'Slane, awtrMKias and shall be rated by the treasurer of the county of Meath

ilflt j *11 ,.

*jn all/prefotitments for public money, as coiitaining nine thonfanu one hundred and sixty-fhree acres, and no more -,

pi'!n«siifre-'and that‘the parishes of Killary, Mitchelftowft, LogHbfackan, , Wciii.'.i bidden, Inriiftimote, "Drontconrath, A'rdagli, part of Ennif-louer S!anc. |.ctn parifl], and part of Nobber parish, being the remainder of the said barony, /half be deemed an -entire barony, and shall bc.called the barony of lower Slane, and shall be rated by'lhc treasurer of the county of Meath in all presentments of public money, as containing eleven-thousand -nine hundred and lofty three acres, and no mom.

;CHAP. XLIX.

An Act to amend an Act for improving the Turnpike Road leading from Kiur.egad to Athlone.

Rcrut! 39 'G<u. i*

IT JHER-EAS by an act -made in the thirtieth year I y of his present Majesty’s-reign, entitled, An act for ike improving and repairing the' turnpike road leading from Kinnegad to Athlone, it is -ambngft other thingst enabled. That the commissioners therein -named, fhotild assemble at: twelve o’clock 'tit -noon, on the -first Monday after passing Uhc said act, -at the ’-parliament house in the city of Dublin, 'or ’in case -of failure thereof, on the Monday next fuccced" ' ing, :and fliotild-at such meeting elebt by ballot from amongst the Cohntiifllohers in said abt named, five persons to be di-reblors for the superintenditig and managing the said road: and for transailing all -business relative to the fame: And "whereas the said meeting was not had, and the repair of the said road has not been made, to the great inconvenience of travellers, be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and -consent of the

-lords

'The thhiy-fijl Tea): of George III.

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the time for the meeting of the said commissioners for t the purposes in the said act be, and the fame is hereby cn- ' larged to the second Monday after passing of this act; or J in case of failure thereof, on the Monday next succeeding, j and so from Monday to Monday, until a sufficient number j shall be present, and that said meeting shall be held in the , town of Kiibeggan, in the county of Westmeath. 1

II. And be it further hereby enacted, That Laurence > Harman 'Harman, esquire, Thomas Shettlc Clibbornes, cf- , quire, reverend J.olluta Clibborne, James Clibborne, esquire, J George Robinson, Ross Tully, Joseph Robinson, George ’Mcachatn the elder, James Rulfcl, George Morley, John i Robins, Edward Whitefield, and Maurice O’Connor, be added to the commissioners in the said act named, to carry 'the said act into execution.

-CHAP. L.

An Act for amending, the fiveral Laws for making, widening, and repairing- the Road from Dublin to Mulahiclc, and the other Roads leading to Dublin over Ballybough-B'ridge, in '-the said Acts mentioned, and for enabling the Trtjlees for ' - the said PurpoJ'es., to borrow further Sums of Money for fitch Purposes, and for continuing the said Acts for a fur- ther Term, and for improving the Neighbourhood of Bally- -bough- Bridge.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the twenty- Recital =s sixth years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for Gc0- 3'

-making, aaidening, and repairing fbe road leading from the city of Dublin to Maldbide, and for ereSing turnpike gates, and receiving tolls thereout, in aid of the barony preferments, and for appointing I'rnfees for carrying the saidpntposes into execution, several persons therein named are appointed trustees for amending, keeping in repair, and ordering the road' leading from the city of Dublin to Malaliule, in the county of DuhBn, and for putting in execution the several powers and authorities contained in the said act; and by another act of parliament, made in the twenty-eighth year of

9 S -2 Lis

80S The ibirty-frjl Year of George III.

A.D.

his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for extending to the roadt ?y1 leading to Dublin, through Raheny and Clontarf the provisions of a" m ^e twenty JLxjb year of his Majestys reign, entitled,

r« i:al An act for making, widening and repairing the road leading from <. to j. Dublin to Malabidc, and for creRing turnpike gates, and receiving tolls thereout, in aid of the barony preferments, and for appointing trnjlecs for carrying the said purposes into execution, and also for continuing the said aR, other persons therein named, together with the trulkcs named in the said first mentioned act, are appointed trustees for amending, keeping in repair, and ordering the said several roads, and for putting into execution the several powers and authorities mentioned and contained in the said several acts, and by another act of parliament, made in the twenty-ninth year itcital 2$ his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for rendering more effiHual

Gcu. 3. iwo fevcrai af/Si one passed in the twenty-sixth year of his Majests reign, entitled, An act for making, widening, and repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to Malabidc, and for creRing turnpike gates, and receiving tolls thereout, in aid of the barony pre-fcuimenls, and for appointing trujlccs for carrying the said purposes into execution; and the other passed in the twenty-eighth year of his Majestys reign, entitled, An act for extending to the roads leading from Dublin, through Raheny and Clontarfe, the provisions of an aR passed in the twenty-fxtb year of his Majestys reign, entitled, An ‘ aR for making, widening, and repairing the road leading from

Dublin to Malabidc, and for ercRing turnpike gales, and receiving tolls three-nt, in aid of the barony presentments, and for appointing trustees for carrying the said purposes into execution, and also for continuing the said aR, other persons therein named are appointed doubts as to trustees for putting the said acts into execution: and whereas from Hoc of rad (here being roads nearly parallel, which lead from Dublin to powers of Howth, and from Raheny to Baldoyle, doubts have been enter-

t*"5 cx~ tamed as to the situation or line of the roads, to which the powers of the said trustees are by the said last recited act extended, and therefore, and as it was intended that the roads from Howth and Baldoyle, so put under the direction of the said trustees as aforesaid, should be the roads which are the shortest and most convenient to persons travelling from the said towns to Dublin, and returning, and such as the said trustees may be able most effectually to amend and keep in repair, it is necessary more accurately to describe the fame, and it is reasonable that the road leading from the town of Clontarfe, through the feeds of Clontarfe to Crabluke, should he amended, kept in repair, and ordered by the said trustees in like manner, as the other roads in the said act mentioned

wherefore

The thirty fir/l Year of George III. 809

wherefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by A.D.

and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem- < 1791

poral, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the roads leading from Baldoyle js fio.n

and Howth respectively, by the Warren-House, through the town i-fllivtli hvthe

of Rahcnv, and from thence through the liiaek-Quarry to Dublin,

so far as the Circular Road on Summer-IIill, together with the liduny and

road leading from the said road at Kiiicfter, through the town oi.(y,:lV,1, a;

C-lontarfe, and from thence along the North-Strand to Ballybough-

Bridge arc, and the same are hereby declared to be the roads, which on Summer

together with the said road from Dublin to Malahide, are by the said

said last mentioned act, put under the direction and management

of the said trustees; and that the said truilecs, and Inch person and '-jim.imf, and persons as shall from time to time be nominated truilecs, in pur- (iiand w

fuance of the powers in the said act contained, shall alib amend

keep in repair, and order the said road leading from the town of j.,om

Cloniarfe, through the li.cds of Clontarfe, to that pait thereof M-.lah dr i«t

opposite the dwcliing-house called Crablake or Cniblough, and ltave 'ntt'iln'/ly*1'

and exercise the fame powers and authorities in iefpcft of the said tr"ll,ti

‘ t 1 tecttul :u"i

road, as by the said acts or either c.f them they are empowered to custti-. u>

exercise, in respect of any of the roads mentioned in the said acts,

or either of them. f,""! 9,0,lUlf

lu ^rallake.

II. And whereas by the said act passed in the twenty-eighth TruiPcs year of his Majesty's reign, the said trustees were impowered to assign over the toll and duties by the said acts granted as a fecu- I*. i-^a rity for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding the whole the for any fom sum of one thousand pounds, to he by them borrowed with interest, not exceeding lawful interest, to be applied and disposed of in widening and making the roads in the said act mentioned; ccol «l:li and by the said act the said trustees are required yearly, and every *'* year after the twenty-llfth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until the whole thereof Ihoukl he paid, to lit out a,dtofcia a pan of the tolls and duties to be received by them, not less than-one hundred pounds, and yearly and every year to pay off Imrein, for and discharge at least one hundred pounds of such sum, until the Ini "cm’; whole thereof shall be repaid; and in puri'uance of the said power, in 1,rfaa,ce several sums amounting to one thousand pounds, were borrowed ,'occ-1- '

® ( t borrowed,

and secured, as by the said act is prescribed: and whereas by the ,ud,a ,m. laid act passed in the twenty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, the said trustees were empowered to borrow any further sum or w imrrmv a sums, not exceeding in the whole one thousand pounds, and to frj. lu l’tcurc the fame in like manner, and with such interest as in the said former act is mentioned, with respect to the sum of one tliou-

Vol. XV. P T land

Sio The thirty-first Year of George III.

A.D. 1 and pounds therein mentioned, and by the said last mentioned act 1791 was enacted, That in case the said sum of one thousand pounds, to be raised in pursuance thereof, or any part thereof,- should net which, if not be discharged before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand blfotc'lph e'S*u itundred, tile said trustees Ihotild yearly, and every year March, i8co, after the said twenty-fifth day of March, until the whole of the

Ihoulii he paid - ,r nil, ‘

ctryearly, as said sum should be paid, set apart out of the tolls and duty to

j5°G*a! j! received by them, not less than one hundred pound?, and should yearly, and every year, pay off and discharge at leaf! one hundred pounds of Inch sum, with the interest thereof, until the iooool.bor- whole thereof should be paid: and whereas several sums amounting to one thousand pounds, have been borrowed and secured in in her means pursuance of the said last receited act: and whereas in order to

to be provid- enable the said trustees more speedily to widen and make the said

cu lur payment of said roads, it will be liecetfary to provide other means for payment and

ocol. discharge of the said several principal linns of one thousand pounds

each, by authorizing the said trustees to borrow at interest, upon the security of the said toils and duties, lueli sums as may lie necessary to repay or replace the said two sums of one thousand am! to imlho- Pollnds each, and to authorize the said trustees to borrow over lire trulUcs and above the said two linns of one thousand pounds each, such £r;:,c further sum or turns not exceeding four thousand pounds, as may be necessary for the ptirposes of the said acts: be it there-triilkes fore further enacted, That the trustees and such person and per-

aiE.cn mils fons as have been, and shall he fuccdfively nominated pursuant to

of lums in the powers in the said acts, trustees in the stead of any trustcc or iutcrcft there- trustees dying or religoing, or any five or more of them may, on, as hcicin; and they are hereby impowered by writing under their hands and seals, from time to time, to assign over the said tolls and duties, as a fertility for such sum and sums of money, with interest for the fame, not exceeding the rate of six pounds by the hundred by the year, to be paid half-yearly, as they may think licccffary, to raise and borrow for the purpose of replacing or paying off the said several sums heretofore borrowed, and so required to be paid off as aforesaid, amounting to two thousand pounds; and also at any time or times in like manner, to raile and borrow at such interest as aforesaid, such further sum or Aims of money, not exceeding the sum of four thousand pounds, as may he need-fary to enable the said trustees to carry the purposes of the said acts into execution, and from time to time, upon payment of the said sums of two thousand pounds, and four thousand pounds, Or any part thereof, to raise and borrow in like manner, and at such interest as aforesaid, such sum and sums as may be necel-

i’ary

The thtrly-ftrjl Year of George III.

fary to replace the film or films which shall have been so paid off; provided that no greater principal sum than the Aim of six thousand pounds, shall be outstanding, due and owing at any one time.

III. And be it enacted, That in every debenture or writing to be signed by the said trustees for securing every Aim to he borrowed in pursuance of this act, the time when the principal money thereby secured shall be agreed to be repaid, shall be speciticd in fitch debenture or writing.

IV. And be it enacted, That the several rates, duties and tolls, by any of the said recited acts granted, and by this act continued, shall hand a security in the fiifl place for the payment of the in-icrcfl of the several principal Aims heretofore borrowed, and to be borrowed,-in pursuance of this act, and of fitch principal fuir.s as the same shall respectively become payable; and that the treasurer for the time being, of the said duties and tolls, shall not pay any sum of money, or any order of the said trustees, whereby lie shall he unable out of the duties and tolls paid into his hands, to discharge the said interest and principal Anns, at the times they are, or shall he respectively payable.

Y. And be it enacted, That if the interest which shall he payable on any debenture or debentures, to be issued in pursuance of this act, or any part thereof, shall be unpaid by the treasurer, to the said trustees, for the space of twenty-one days after any of the days appointed for the payment llieicof, the lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or commissioners of the great seal may, and is, and are hereby required, upon a petition of one or more of the holders of the said debentures, stating the interest due upon such debenture or debentures, and when the fame became due, and on an affidavit verifying the truth of such petition, appoint a receiver to receive from the gate-keepers on the said roads, and collectors of the said rates, tolls and duties, so much of the said rates, tolls and duties, as may be necessary to pay such interest, and the receivers fees, and all reasonable costs attending such application, or may make such order for sequestering the said duties and tolls, or such monies as may be in the hands of the said treasurer for the payment thereof, as to justice shall appertain; and such receiver shall have all such and the like aid of the said court, to enable him to enforce payment of a sufficiency of such tolls, rates and duties for the purpefe aforesaid, as is usually given to receivers by the said court appointed for the receiving the rents of mortgaged eliates.

Chap. 50.

tre?A«rcr

u-.tU fuliicur.t f..r

f<m! JMJIJ OiC.

When interdt «l.v* *"i d«-hcntun*s shall remain 21 days tin-pfiid, cfiaii-ccUor may appoint a recover, or make oulcr as herein.

9T 2

ecue as herein.

Trustees may lease

The tkhty-frjl Year of George III.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees shall, as soon as they conveniently can, pay oft and discharge such pail of the said Aims of one thousand pounds each, heretofore borrowed

Tiullers tj upon, and secured by debentures issued in pursuance of the said IwiowcJ rcc'tc(l acts, as now remains due and unpaid; and that whenever lictcm, the said trustees shall be minded to pay off all, or any of the fame, notice in Ga- they (halt give notice by advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, signed with the name of their treasurer, of their intention to pay the same, and all interest accrued thereon, and of the day when the same shall be paid off, which day shall not be less than twenty-one days from the day of publishing such advertisement, and the several holders of such debentures shall respectively receive from the said treasurer, all principal and interest then due on the fame, and the interest payable by virtue of such debentures shall cease, from the day by such notice appointed for the payment thereof, and upon payment thereof, the said debentures shall be delivered to the said treasurer, who shall cancel the lame.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said trustees, or any five or more of them, by indenture under their hands and foals, to lease or demise and let the tolls and duties by the said acts granted, and by this att continued, for any tc-rin or time they shall think proper, at the best and bigheft rent which can be got for the fame, from a iblvent tenant or tenants, and fucFi Ieal’e or de'inile shall he good and valid in law, according to the tenor or import thereof respectively; provided that no trustee shall execute any such lease or demise, unless it shall appear by an entry in the hook of the proceedings of the said trustees for the time being, kept by their clerk, that at a meeting of not less than five of the trustees on one of their lifted days of meeting, such lcate or demile was agreed to be made, nor shall any att or thing, which by any of the said atts is to he performed or executed by move than one trullec he performed or executed, uu-lcfs it shall appear in manner aforesaid, that the lame had been agreed to at such meeting as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further emitted, 7h.it it shall be lawful for the wi'yCTlv tT" k'1' trustees at any public meeting to be held by them, to appoint and allow to be paid to the furvejors of the said roads, a yearly salary, not exceeding the rate of four pounds for each mile of such of the said roads, as such surveyors respectively shall he appointed to superintend, any thing in any former att to the contrary notwithstanding, and such salary shall be paid quarterly.

IX. And be it enacted, That all powers and authorities which vcrc appointed to he executed by any

rrustee.i not

to OWlltC

any

lease, lint i'.3 liviu'li.

per mile

jnperviiius for fupcim-

tendance.

Surveyors of roads

ldUiUiiliall i,y any of the said recited acts

powers, &e. J

The thirty-jiyjl Year of George III. 813.

any overseer or oveifcers of the said roads, fh.dl and may be A.D. executed by the several furvcvors of the said roads respectively, 1791, as fully to all intents and purposes, as if inch surveyors had been expressly named to execute the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall scour, Penalty o» deepen, widen, or fill up any ditch or drain, on the fide of any of trading as the said roads, without the consent or direction of the said truf- lcs-tees, or any three or more of them, or shall omit to scour or deepen any ditch or drain, communicating with any ditch on any of the said roads, so as to give full liberty to the water to pals away, or to pale in or fence any sunken void space at the fide of any of the said roads, within ten days after notice shall be given to him or her, by any surveyor of the said roads so to do respectively, or shall cause any water to be drawn into or upon any of the said roads, by making any drain or passage for such water into the fame, or shall permit or suffer the free passage of the water on any fide of the said roads, to be obstructed, by making or having any way or passage from any of the said roads, into the lands adjoining, or to any house without a pipe, fewer, or gullet underneath it, or shall steep or dry any flax, or burn any bricks or lime, or any weeds or vegetables, or permit the same to be steeped, dried, or burned on his or her land, within fifty feet of t,he fide of any of the said roads, or shall lay any dirt, dung, turf, straw, rubbish, or scouring of any ditches or drains, or any stones, bricks, timber, sand, clay or lime, on any of the said roads, without such content as aforesaid, or shall leave on any of the said roads, or permit to be left on the fame opposite to or near any house or offices, any plow or harrow, or any cart, car, or dray, or other carriage, without the horse or horses, or other bead or beasts being harnessed thereto, unless such carriage shall have been accidentally broken down there, or shall spread any linen, blanket, or cloth for winnowing corn, or shall hang linen or woollen on any tree, hedge, or line, within fifty feet of the fide of any of the said roads, or shall have any dead beast or skin, or permit to be skinned the carcale of any beast, on any of the said roads, or within fifty feet thereof, unless in a house or yard enclosed with walls, or shall beat any flax, or winnow any corn, or erect any may-pole, may-bush, or sign-post, on any road, or shall keep any cur-dog, maf-tiff, or bull-dog, without having a block of wood of the weight of five pounds at the least, fattened to the neck of every such dog, at any house within fifty yards of any of the said roads, or shall ferape any of the said roads, or cut away any sods or turf on the fide of any such roads, or shall dig any pit within ten feet of

Vol. XV.9U the

8 i4 2~Z‘e thirty-Jirfs Year of George III.

A.D. 1nc fiuc of nr.)- of such road!;, or take away any earth, day, ftonc3,

17JJ1 - gravel, or other matter from, or which shall have keen lcr-iped or Chap. 50. gnt]lcrc(i on any of the said roads, without the consent or direction of [],e faj(| trustees, or any three or more or them, cr ilia!) lead or drive any car or carriage with tint her, boards, or iron, laid across, so ns that cither end shall project beyond the wheels and fides.of the carriage, cr shall draw any timber or miliftcne along any part of a publick road, without being supported by wheels from tend ling the fame, every persons so offending shall, upon conviction by his or her confdlion, or by the evidence of one credible witness, upon oath before the said tmdees, cr any three cr . more of them, or before any j u A ice of the peace, or upon the view of any such justice, forfeit a ftira not exceeding ten shillings for every such offence; and it shall be lawful for such trustees or justice respectively, to levy the same by distress of the goods and chattels of the offender, by warrant under their or his hands and seals, or hand and seal, and fuel) distress may be fold, unless the same shall be redeemed within six days.

TratUvs

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any

may lilt or Df t|ie fa;(| trustees to fill any ditch or drain which shall be scoured,

fccar Judies, 1

&c. deepened, or widened, or to scour any drains which have been

filled on the fide any of the faitl roads without fuclt direction or consent as aforesaid, and to scour or deepen any ditch or drain leading from any of the said roads which shall be omitted to be 5n,l scour or scoured or deepened, and to pale in or fence any void sunken space I’"'1-'... at the fide of any of the said roads which shall be omitted to be

lKTCtll, '

paled in, c r fenced after liich notice respectively as aforesaid, and amt to fill up ttJ lli’ ?n)’ such. pit as aforesaid, or remove any way or passage from any road into any adjoining land, or to any house which may ohllrud the free past'age of the water, and to re-make the fame amt remove % hnilding a gutter, fewer, or arch therein, and to remove any Jtc. as licicin, bticks, or limekiln, weeds or vegetables which shall be burning, or any flax which shall he steeped or drying within fifty feet of any of the said roads, and to pull down any sign-post, may-pole, or may-btish, and pull down, or fill up and level any wall, drain, or ditch which shall he built or made, or begun to be made, built, or made contrary to this act, and to remove the carcase of any dead beast which shall remain in or near any of the said roads contrary to this act; and that it shall be lawful for the said truf-tccs, or any three or more of them, by a warrant under their hands and seals, or any justice of the peace, by warrant under his hand amt levy tx- 'mc' seal, to levy the expellee of so doing, by distress of the goods pmo* by of the offender, or of the occupier of the lands whereon such

Jilt,els, So.

The thiriy-strjl Year of George III. S r 5

way, pillage, drain, or pit ss.all be, and such distrcls may be fold, A.D. un!ds the lame shall be redeemed wilhin six days, and one iliit- 17')1 ling in t!ie pound paid (or the cxpeiice and (rouble of talcing finch distrclsand if any overplus shall alter such la!e remain, the lame shall be paid to the owner, deducting the said cue shilling in the pound.

XII. And be it enacted, That all dirt, dung, turf, draw, red:- t" aims, l.i.'h, cr feouring, and all day, Hones, brides, fend, or lime which ‘..,.1 ',1. hi., shall be laid on any of the said roads without such eoniint as afore- "ft1

11 i it iy

said, iindl be and is hereby declared lo be forfeited, and it shall be It iA-u i,y

lawful for any pci (bn whatsoever to take, cariy away, and convert ‘"‘1 -

th.e fame to his or her own use, as also ah corn which shall lie laid ami on any of the said roads for the purpose of being winnowed, or jJ’jjft1,c- ;,i shall be winnowing thereon, or remain there after being winnowed thereon, together with the fades or winnowing cloths whereon the fame may happen to be, and all flax which liiall he beating on any of the said roads, or be laid there for the purpose of being beaten, and any may-pole or may-bulb which shall be erected on aml any of the said roads, without the let, suit, trouble or hinderan.ee I. 01 of any person whatsoever.

XIII. And be it enacted, That for every cart-load of dung, a penally rubbish, or scouring, which shall have been laid on any of the said roads within thirty feet of the center thereof, contrary to the provisions of this act, and which shall he drawn away by the s ,mS, direction of any of the said surveyors after having remained there for twenty-four hours, the perfous by whoili, or by whole order '»« IujJ-the fame was laid there, upon conviction before the said tmflecs, or any three or more of them; or any justice of the peace by the oath of one credible witness, shall forfeit the Aim of one shilling for every day the same shall remain there, to be levied in manner aforesaid.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any justice Curs, maf-

of the peace, or any of the said truflecs, to kill any cur-dog, maf-

tiff, or hull-doe, which shall be kept near any of the said roads "«'J. nuy l«

r r ,. o. . r- til'd!, if kept

contrary to the provisions or this act, or to nine his warrant to contrary u>

order any such dog to be killed, and the said surveyors may seize 'l"5:‘ct-

or kill any such dog which shall be kept near any of the said roads

contrary to this act, and if any person whatsoever shall be annoyed

in passing or rc-passing any of the said roads, by any cur-dog,

maflilf, or bull-dog, which shall be kept near any of the said'roads

contrary to the provisions of this act, it shall i;c lawful for inch

person to kill such cur-dog, maftiiF, or buli-deg, without being

sued or prosecuted for so doing.

n IT 3

816 The thirty-jhji Year of George III.

A.D.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it' shall be lawful' for any 1791- ju(Vice of the peace, or such person or persons' as shall be by him

5°- authorized thereto,- or for any of the said surveyors to seize and Anv twine impound any t wine or bead which shall be found wandering upon he impouiij- any'of the said' roads, and in case the sum of live shillings, and «<l- the expences of impounding and detaining the same shall not- be

paid within four days after impounding the fame, to cause such (wine or bead' to be sold, and out of the money- arising from the sale thereof,- to pay such penalty,- and the expences of impounding, keeping, and felling the fame, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, notice of such sale, in which' shall be inserted' the name of the paviflv and towndand where fuclv swine or beast was seized, being first ported up' in some conspicuous place in- the parish where seized, and at the place where impounded forty-eight hours at the least before the time of sale.

No build-

XVI. And be it further enacted,. That no house, or part of a

within hotife, or building, except a toll-house, shall be built or erected . Lluoif within fifteen feet of any of the said roads,- or of any foot-path

herein. adjoining any of the said roads-, unless by the authority of the said

trustees, or any five or more of them, signified in writing under their hands; and if any house or building, or part of a house or building within such distance, shall be erected or built, or begun to he erected or built, or the building thereof proceeded in, it shall be lawful for the said trustees, or any five or more of them, by warrant under their hands, to order that the fame be pulled down, and to cause the same to be pulled down accordingly, and removed.

Penalty on

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall wil-o? fully destroy, pull up, deface, or injure any mile-done, mile-port,

mile Hones, or direction-post, or any bridge, battlement, wall, railing, mound,

Sic. as lieitin,

a tum not or fence on any of the said roads erected or repaired by present-cMMihns 5b mgnt or otherwise, or shall wilfully break, deface, pull down, or take away any stones out of any such battlement, wall, mound, or fence, or out of any bridge, pipe, arch, or gullet, built or repaired by presentment, or otherwise, such person shall for every such ofielice, upon conviction by confession, or by evidence upon the oath of any credible witness before any three or more of the said trustees, or before any justice of the peace, or upon the view of such justice, forfeit such sum not exceeding five pounds, as such trustees, or justice of the peace shall think fit, the same to be levied by distress and sale in manner aforesaid of the goods of the offenders, by warrant under the hands and seals of such trustees, or hand and Teal of such justice.

The thirty-first Year of George III. 817

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any offence against any of A.D. the said acts, or this act, shall be committed by any person riding 1791-or driving any car or cart, for which any penalty is inflicted on

inch rider or driver, such penalty shall and may be levied out of Penalties

the goods and chattels of the owner of I'uch horse, car, or cart, commknTby

in the same manner as by the iaid acts the fame may he levied i>«{outriding,

or driving

from the person riding or driving the fame . earn or carts,

XIX. And be it enacted, That the said trustees shall and may J, Vi’ireowMri.

1)V their clerk summon any person or persons to appear before 1'uIIms ' ' ‘ 1 1 may fuinmou

them to give evidence touching any complaint against any person evidences and

charged with any offence against any of the said aids, or this act, 0,®!n<*t^,

and also in manner aforesaid summon any person charged with any such offence to appear before them, and in case any person

summoned to give evidence shall not appear, or appearing, Aral}

+refuse to take oath, or to give evidence, every such person shall in such case forfeit such sum as the trustees, or any three or more of them shall think proper, not exceeding the sum of twenty shillings; and if any person summoned to answer any charge against him, shall not appear, the said trustees, or any three or more of them, shall gnd may notwithstanding, hear and determine the matter of such charge, and proceed in the same manner as if such person had appeared.

XX. And be it further cradled. That the said trustees may TruBen purchase or take at an annual rent, any pieces of ground which they may deem necessary, adjoining any of the said roads, for the |l°r'"Si &c. purpose of daring and laying up gravel, stones, or other materials for mending and keeping in repair such roads; provided that no "° more than greater quantity of ground at any one place than one rood shall one place, be lo purchased or taken, and that the said trustees shall, out of any monies in their hands, from time to time, pay the purchase monies or rents of such pieces of ground.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful TruBcea for any surveyor of any of the said roads, to carry away any loose gra«Ur gravel or stones thrown up by the tide, on any beach or fca

shore; and to raise and carry away any gravel, (tones, sand, or j»"! mu-other materials, from any beach or sea-shore, such beach not being b«di«, &c. a bulwark or defence to any town, profitable land, or publick as iltran’ road adjoining the fame; and if any doubt shall arise whether any j b aj gr.avel, stones, or other materials on any beach or sea (bore, be t>uKvnrks, &c. necessary as a bulwark or defence to any town, profitable land, or minedpublick road, it shall and may be lawful for any neighbouring hm'"‘ ju.frice of the peace, to summon three substantial landholders in the neighbourhood, to view and determine in the premilcs upon oath,

Yol. XV. o X and

8

The thirty-first Year of George III.

mine, as herein.

A.D.

and ii themajority of them shall find and award in writing, under T791- their hands, that such gravel, stones, or other materials, are not Chap. 50. necessary as a bulwark or defence to any town, profitable land, or publick road, it shall be lawful for any surveyor of any of the said roads, to draw away and make use of such gravel, stones, and other materials.

XXII. And in case any compensation shall be claimed by any owner or occupier of any land, or other place for damage by digging, raising, and carrying away gravel, stones, far’d, or other

Wlicncom- materials for any of the said roads; be it enacted, That at the tic claimed,9request of either the surveyor or occupier of the land ' 10111 whence juAire"SS any such materials have been, or are to be drawn, to any neigh-summon per- bouring justice of the peace, such justice shall Blue a summons to and deter- the parties to come before him, with a fukftantial landholder as their arbitrators, at a certain time to l:c therein named, and such justice naming a third such landholder, he shall (wear them to be appraisers to determine what is a reasonable price to he paid per score of cartloads or carloads of such gravel, sand, stones, or ether materials, according to the value or rent of the ground or other place, and likewise to determine a reasonable sum for any damage that may be done by passing through the land, in order to draw such gravel, sand, stones, or other material, and the award of such three persons, or any two of them, in writing under their hands, and the sum to be so awarded shall be final, and may be recovered from the surveyor by civil bill, at the quarter sessions of the county.

XXIII. And whereas it will be of advantage to the publick, and a great improvement to that part of the neighbourhood of Dublin, if part of that .‘pace of ground overflowed by the sea at high water, laying eastward of Bailybough-Briilge, between the wall enclosing the ground formerly taken in from the sea, called the North Lotts, and the weir wall on the North Strand, and which at low water is offensive to the inhabitants of the adjacent parts, were enclosed and taken in, and converted to useful and profitable purposes, and the said trustees by means thereof be able to make a new and more commodious communication between the city of Dublin and the country, on the other fide of the said bridge; and in order to provide a fund towards defraying the expence of enclosing the said ground, and making a new communication with the country, it will be necessary to veil the said ground which shall he between the new intended communication and Ballybough-

unWisfais Bridge, in the said trustees: be it therefore enacted, That unless

rromul Ml a claim shall be made within six months from the passing of this be claimed n

within 6 flCi,

Advantage* ons to enclufe the ground between the north lots and the weir wall on the north strand, railward of Ballyhough Bridge,

The shirty-first Year of George III.

net, by some person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, of some title, cllate or property in, or to the said ground, such claim to be made by notice to be published in the Dublin Gazette, within the 1'aiJ time, so much of the said ground as the said trustees or any live or mere of them, shall judge necessary and convenient to be cncloSed and walled in, or so much thereof as Shall not be so claimed, or if claimed, and a title thereto not established in manner herein after mentioned, shall be, and the fame is hereby vested in the said trustees and their successors and assigns for ever, for the purprfes aforesaid.

XXIV. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to empower the said trustees to enclose the said ground in such manner as that a sufficient channel or passage shall not be preserved, for conveying to the fca the water running under Ballybough- Bridge.

XXV. And if it shall appear that any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, have any jttfl or lawful right to the said ground, rr any part or parts thereof: be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all such persons, and bodies politick and corporate, guardians, trustees, executors, and administrators or others, who are or shall be Seized, possessed of, or interested in the said ground, to treat, contract, and agree with the said trustees, or any five or more of them, for the falc and purchase thereof, or of their interest therein, and to grant and convey the same to the said trustees; and all falcs and conveyances so to be made, shall be valid to all intents and purposes, and the grantors therein shall be, and are hereby indemnified in respect of the same.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if any such persons or bodies shall, upon fourteen days notice in writing given to them by the clerk of the said trustees, or left at their dwel-ling-house, or with the head officer of any body politick or corporate, neglect or refuse to treat or agree for the purchase of the said ground, or such part thereof as they are respectively intitled to, or shall not convey the same to the said trustees, the said trustees shall, and may proceed to ascertain the value thereof, by a jury or juries, in such manner, in all respects as the said trustees are authorized by the said act, passed in the twenty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, to ascertain the value or recompence^to be given for ground necessary to be pnrehafed for widening the said roads, and such further proceedings shall and may be prosecuted and had there-

<) X 2 on,

8 icy

A.D. 1791. Chap. 50.

month* from the passing of this ail, and a title cfta~

hltlhcd, so much veiled in trusteea as they shall think proper to cnciofe.

A paffjge for the water to he preferred.

Persons interested ttt said grounds

may treat with trustees,

all conveyance*, S'c. thereof valid.

If persons negleil to

treat, &c.after 14 days notice, trustees may proceed to vatae by jury, &*c. as by 28 G. 3,

82bJ The thirt'yfrjl Tear- of George III.

A.D.

on’, for tKe purpdfc of Vetting1 ifa. the1 said-trustees, the pro*

?79’, perty of the saidgroundj aS by the said la-ft mentioned act- is-prescribed withrc'fpcft' to the ground^ wh'ich they afe thereby-authorised to purchase, as fully as if the finite were specifically prescribed in this act -, and' that' the said trustees, and-all others intercfied, shall have on and' by means of such-proceedings, the fame benefits and advantages, as by the said act are given, respecting the grounds thereby to be purchased.

tyiitnsaid

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the said trustees, or any be^itedin five or more of them, shall and may from the time the said S^ounfi shall be absolurfty vested in them, grant and convey convey, a-c. the same to fitch person or persons, and for such consideration or considerations as they shall think proper, or grant arid demise the fame,- in such manner, and at such rent-s as they (half think pfoper, and every grant, lease, or demise

so to be made, shall be good and valid in the law, accord-

ing to the tenor or import thereof.

Saiiirecited

XXVIII. And be it drafted,- That the said several recited

n,t altered by a'fts, so far as the same are not altered or varied by this act,

ail'toconr'i-3 a-fid this act shall continue for and during: the term of forty

mie in force years from the expiration of the terfn iiientioned in the said

40yeartfrom J 1

term menti- aft patted iff the twenty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign. Geo. j.* and to the end of the then next session of parliament.

Afublick

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be »a- decreed, adjudged, arid taken to be a public act, and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, ifhd bthef persons, without specially pleading the same.

C, II A r.

lie thirty-f.rji l'car of George III.

821

CHAP. LI.

A.D. 1791.

An Act to amend the freeral Acts for Repair of lie Road from Dublin to Mullingar.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-fever.th K«'»! ^7 year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, ‘ 3'

An act to amend an Act for continuing and amending the several Items relating to the repairs of the turnpike road leading from Dublin to Mullingar, and for effectually enabling the trufees thereof to widen the narrow parts leading ft cm Chape l-izod to Dublin, on the north and south fides of the river liffey; the tommififtoners for making wide and convenient strecls, or any nine or more of them, arc empowed to apply a portion of the fund appropriated for making wide and convenient streets, to the altering and widening the road from Barrack-Street, to Island- Bridge:. and whereas by an act recit1| , Q passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Q'"- 3‘ Majesty, entitled, An act for further amending an act, entitled, An act for continuing and amending an act passed in the Hvenly-feeondyear of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by making wide and convenient passages through the fame, and for regulating the coal trade thereof, and for other purposei, it is enacted, That commitn.w-the commissioners, or any nine of them, out of the funds ;',y iin-M-vested in them by this and former acts of parliament, shall advance, apply, and pay any sum of money not exceeding ce 3s0"1-the Aim of three llioufand eight hundred pounds, to be laid herein, pm-out and expended in widening and making the said road trufienof between the harm k of Dublin and Chapel-izod, and in purchasing the several houses and grounds needfary to make 10 the fame wide and convenient, provided the trustees of 300l. per the said Mullingar turnpike shall by a good and sufficient deed or instrument, to be executed by a competent number of them, covenant and promise to pay to the said corn-mi llioiurs, or any nine or more of them, the annual sum of three hundred pounds on certain days to be therein named, for the term of nine years, if tolls shall so long continue to he raiful on the said road, towards the rc-pay-Vol. XV.9V menl

823 The thirty-first Year of George III.

A.D.

ment of such sum so to be advanced: and whereas the 1791 said instrument has been executed by the trustees of the said turnpike road, and part of the work has been executed, r..id inHui- :hut (he expence of purchasing the houses at Iflnnd- Bridge,

JlU lit tVils ex* 1 1

tcuicJ, in order to render the said roads fufilciently wide, amounts to a very large sum, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and 'by the authority of the eominiflian- fame, That the cormnifitoners for making wide and conveni-iivfcts1' cnt Arectsi or any five of them, shall be' at liberty, and Hamiuii tbcy are hereby empowered to assign the said annual sum . fam at hereto, of three hundred pounds to such person or persons as shall advance the fame for the purpose of complealing the said :-read to Island- Bridge, and from thence to Chapel dzod.

End of the FIFTEENTH VOLUME.

