STATUTES

Passed in the

P﻿ARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

IRELAND.

VOL. V.

o * « o-o-o

CONTAINING

0

Prom the Firft Year of George III. A. D. 1761, to tht Eleventh and Twelfth Years of George III. A.D. 1771-2*

incluflvc.

D U B L I N:

Printed by GEORGE GRIERSON. Printer to the* King*! Moft Excellent Majefty. 1795.

Digitized by Google

CONTENTS.

CHAP. VIII.

An Act to enable Tenants for Life to make perpetual Leafes of Grounds, whereon to ered Publick Hojpitals. Page I1

CHAP. IX.

An Act to prevent the counterfeiting Gold and Silver Lace, and for fettling and adjujling the Proportions of fine Gold, Stiver, and Silk9 and for the better making of Gold and Silver Thread.	12

CHAP. X.

An Act to prevent the exccjfive Price of Coals in the City of Dublin.	15

CHAP. XI.

An Act to prevent Abufes committed by Jujlices of the Peacef ading under the Charters of Cities and Towns Corporate>

20

CHAP. XII.

An Act for the Security of Proteflant Purchafers.	21

CHAP. XIII.

An Act for quieting the Poffcffions of Protejhants, deriving under Converts from the Popi/h Religion.	22

Digitized by Google

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XIV.

An AS for preventing Frauds and Ahofes in the vending, pre* paring, and adminiflring Drugs and Medicines.	Page 23

CHAP. XV.

An AS for altering and amending an A3 of Parliament pajfed in the feventh Tear of the Reign of his late Majejly King George the fecond, intituled. An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Bridge over the Bann-Water, commonly called the Bonn-Bridge in the County of Down, to the Town of Belfafi in the County of Antrim.	33

CHAP. XVII.

An AS for reviving, continuing, and amending feveral tempo-rary Statutes, andfor other Purpufct therein mentioned 44

CHAP. XVIII.

An A3 for the more eafy and equal ajfejfng and applotting all Money prefeuted by the Grand Jury of each Ajfius to be held for the City, and County of the City of Cork : and for putting the Coaches, Cha fes, Chairs, and Sedans, that ply for Hire in the faid City, under the like Regulations, for the Benefit of the Work-Houfc of Cork, as they are in Dublin ; and alfo for the better Regulating the Harbour of Cork.	50

CHAP. XIX.

An Act for building a Stone Bridge from the Sheay oppofti Prince's Street in the City of Cork to Lav'ds-lfland, and a Stone Bridge from thence to the Red-Abbey Marjh, with a Draw-Bridge or Lifting-Bridge of Wood in the Centre of the latter, fujfuient to let Vrffels pafs and repafs ; and alfo for Supply ing the faid City with Water•	62

CHAP.

CONTENTS.

The Third Year of GEORGE III, CHAP. VI.

An Aa for continuing and amending an A3, intituled, An AtT for making the River Lagan navigable, and opening a Paf-fage by Water between Loughneagh and the Town of Belfafl in the County qf Antrim.	Page	64

CHAP. IX.

An Aa for explaining an A3, intituled, An Aa for better fup-plying the city of Dublin with Corn and Flour ; and alfo an A3y intituled, An A3 for amending an A3y intituled, An A3 for better fupplying the City of Dublin with Corn and Flourv	66

CHAP. XI.

An A3 for altering and amending an A3y intituled, An Aa for amending an A3% intituled, An A3 for encouragement of Tillage and better Employment of the Poor ; and alfo for the more ejfe3ual putting in Execution an Aft, intituled, An A3 to encourage the draining and improving of Bogs and unprofit-able low Grounds, ana for eajing and difpatching the Inland Carriage and Conveyance of Goods from one Part to another in this Kingdom, and alfo for laying feveral Duties upon Coaches, Berlins, Chariots, Calajhesy Chaifes and Chairs, and upon Cards and Dice, and upon wrought and manufactured Gold and Silver Plate, imported into or made in Irelandy for the Purpofes therein mentioned; and alfo for repealing the Duties payable upon the Exportation of Woolt Pay-Tarny and Woollen-Tarny out of this Kingdom for England.	67

C H A Pt

CONTENTS.

CHAP. X1L

Am	AS far	coatinubtr tie Eatmrogemeet |nm by farmer

of Parliament to the Flam* end Hrmftn MmmfaSurt*.

CHAP. XIIL

An A3 for the more effeSua! preventing Bribery end Corrupt

Hon m the EleSums of Member? to feme m Parliament, nod the Magifirates of Cities, Boroughs, end Towns Cor* fonts*	75

CHAP. XVI.

fin AS for continuing end amending fevered Temporary Statutes, and for other Purpofes therein uuntioned.	80

CHAP. XVII.

An AS for continuing and amending certain temporary Statutes heretofore made for the better Regulation of the City of Cork, and for enlarging the Salary of the Treasurer, and for the better regulating the Sale of Coals in the fmd city, and for ereditsg and continuing Lamps in the fame, and for the better preferring the Streets and Highways therein, and for confirm-ing and eflabiyb'mg a Court of Confidence in the fiaid City, and for regulating the AJfixe of Bread thenue, and for fecur• mg the Quays by Parapet Walls*	$3

CHAP. XVIIL

An AS for the better Difcovtry rf charitable Donations and Beguefiim	98

CHAP*

C' O' rt T E N T ' S. C 14 A’ P. iix.

An Act, for	indemnify tiigail	fnchPerfons its have flail

be. aiding in the dijpaftng of Riots, and apprehending the Ridters.	Page	99

t rf A XXL

An Atl for continuing and artichdiilg two fivcYal Arts of Par-' iiiUneiit therein mentioned ; and for the more effectual preventing bf Frauds in his Mi:)cj!yys Cujloiiis and Rxcife, and for ether PurpoJ'es therein mentioned.	100

c it a p. xkn.

Ah Art for dlfcharging dll Arrears of Quit, Crown, dud Com-pofition Rents, which have been growing due for \'twenty Tears lajl pajl, on the Terms, and in the Manner therein mentioned.	107

CHAP. XXVI.

Ah Adi fir confirming the Titles, and for quieting the PoJfcJJi-ons of Protcfiants ; and for gi ving Time to Converts from Popery to perform the Rcquifites of Conformity preferibed by the Laws againjl Popery.	Ill

CHAP. XXVil.

An Art to amende and continue dn Art, intituled. An Art to prevent the excejfwe Price of Coals in the City of Dublin. 112

CHAP. XXVIII.

An A3 for better preventing the Severities and unjtif Exertions praftifed by Gaolers agaistf their Prifoners, and for mare effe3ually fupporting Professions at the Suit of the Crown in Cafes of Felony and Treafon.	Page	116

CHAP. XXIX.

An A3 for the more ejfeSual preventing the pernicious Practice of burning Land»	121

CHAP. XXXII.

An A1 for altering, amending, and making more effectual the La vjs for the Repair of the Road leading from the City of Dublin through the towns of Kilcullea and Carlow to the City of Kilkenny.	126

CHAP. XXXIII.

An A3 to prevent Frauds in the tanning of Hides, in the currying of Feather, and the making of Shoes and Boots-	134

CHAP. XXXIV.

. An A3 for the better iRegulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures.	138

CHAP. XXXV.

An A3 to explain and amend the fevered Laws made in this Kingdom for the ejfcQual Pnfcreation of Salmon Fifh. 17*

CHAP. XXXVI.

An A3 for making more convenient the Approaches to the City (f Dublin by making a new Turnpike Road on the South Side, the Wef Side, and the North Side of the faid City, to commence at the Road leading from Dublin to JDonnybrook, and to termisuite at Cavendi/bjireet. 175

CHAP. V.

Jbt Aft for afeertaining the Duty of Exeife payable upon the Importation of Brandy% Rumt and Geneva, Page 191

CHAP. IX.

An Act for explaining and amending the Lams relative to the Flaxen, and Hempen Manufactures*	192

CHAP. X.

Ass Aft for the more effectually carrying info Execution the Law heretofore made to prevent the pernicious Practice of burning Land*	194

CHAP. XIL

An Act for directing the Application of the Sum of Eight Thou-fond Pounds, granted to the Dublin Society for the Encouragement of fuch Trades and Manufactures as Jhould be direBed by Parliament.	196

CHAP. XIIL

An Act for making a Turnpike Road from the Town of Kan* turk in the County of Corky to Fair Lane in the North Li-herticr of the City of Corky and for other Purpofes therein expreffed*	198

CHAP. XIV.

An Act for tf crr effectually amending the Publick Roads.	208

CHAP.

Digitized by CjOOQle

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XV.

An AS for continuing, reviving, and amending feveral tempo-rary Statutes, a/k/ impowering the Grand Jury of tie County of Kilkenny at the Affixes to increafe the yearly Salary of the Treafurer of faid County,	Page	210

CHAP. XVI.

An A3for continuing and amending feveral Laws relating to his Majefiy*s Revenue, and for the more cffeQual preventing of Frauds therein, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned, 217

CHAP. XVII.

An Act for encouraging the planting of Tinder Trees.	*54

CHAP. XX.

An AS for ereSing and efiablijhing Publick Infirmaries or Hof petals in this Kingdom,	237

CHAP. XXI.

An AS for the better regulating of Trials m Cafes of High Trcafon under the Statute of the twenty fifth of Edward the third,	244

CHAP. XXII.

An A& for continuing and amending an A&, intttled, An

A3 for the better regulating the Parijb Watches, and amend-ing Highways in this Kingdom, and for preventing the Mifi application of Publick Money ; and alfo for efiablijhing a regular Watch in the City of Dublin, and to prevent Mifi chief which may happen by graving in the River Li fey ; and alfo for regulating the Watch In the town of Drogheda.	»	245

CHAP. XXIV.

An A& for altering and amending federal Statutes heretofore , made for the better Regulation of the City of Cork, andfor regulating Trials by Juries in the Court of Record of the faid City ; and for ejlablijhing Market Juries in the fold City ; and for making wide and convenient Ways, Streets, and Paffages in the faid City dnd Suburbs thereof; and for preventing Frauds committed by the Bakers and Meal Makers of the faid City,	Page	246

CHAP. XXV.

An A8 for making a Turnpike Roadfrom the Town of Athlone in the County of Rofcommon to the Bridge of Ballforan on the River Suck, and from Athlone to the Town of Mount Talbot in the County of Rofcommon.	262

CHAP. XXVI.

An Act for making a Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Monefierevan in the County of Kildare, to the Town of Portarlington, and from thence to the Towns of MountmeU lick and Rofenallis in the Queen's County, and from thence to the Town of Birr in the King's County, and from thence to Lahinch near the River Shannon in the County of Tipperary.	272

CHAP. XXVII.

An Act for the more effeftual keeping in Repair the Road lead-ing from the Bridge of Dundalk in the County of Lowib through the Lands of Forkil to the Bridge of Mo whan, and from thence to the Newry Turnpike Road near the Eight Mile Stone in the County of Armagh.	286

CHAP. XXVIII.

An AS for Jhortening, •widening, and repairing tie Turn fit Roads leading from the City of Dublin to the Town of Kildare ; and to explain, amend, and male more effeSua! an AS made in the twentieth Tear of bis late Majejty’s Reign, intituled. An AS for moling more effedual an Ad paffed in the feventh Year of his late Majejly, intituled, An Act for making more effcSual an ASpajfed in tlx fifth Tear of the Reign of bis late Majejly King George the Second, intituled. An AS for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Naas in the County of Kildare to the Town of Maryborough in the Quecris County.	Page	299

The Seventh Year of GEORGE III.

CHAP. III.

An AS for limiting the Duration of Parliaments.	312

C H A P., IV.

An AS to enable Grand Juries to ratfe by Preferment, Money for difeharging the rents of Court Houfes, Gaols, and OJic.es 'for leeping the Records of the refpedive Counties, and for other Purpofcs.	313

CHAP. VI.

An AS to continue, amend, and male more effedual an AS pajftd in the Fourth Tear of the Reign of His late Majejly King George the Firjl, entitled', An Acl for veiling in Hi* Majefty, Hi3 Heirs and Succeflors, the fevcral Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereon the Barracks in this Kingdom are Built or Building, or contracted for ; and whereon Lighthoufes are or fhall be built, and for making reasonable Satisfaction to the feveral Owners and Proprietors for the fame : and alfo an Ad faffed in the Twenty JirJl Tear of the Reign of His late Majejty King George the Se-eond, intitled, An Act for amending and making more effectual the faid former Aft, and likewife to enable the frefvnt Commiffioners of the Barrack Board and their Succef-fors to fell the feveral Eflates in the Lands, whereon Barracks have been built, that are now gone to Decay, or Jhall hereafter become Ufclefs, and alfo to fell the Materials of fuch decayed Barracks.	Page 3I4

CHAP. VIL

An A8 for further amending an A8 faffed in the thirty JirJl Tear of the Reign of His late Majejly King George the Second\ en-ritled. An Act for making a wide and convenient IVay, Street, and Paffage, from Efftx Bridge to the Caflle of Dub-Bnt and for other Purfofes therein mentioned.	318

CHAP. VIII.

An Act to amend an A8, made the lajl Sejfion of Parliament for the erecting and ejlallifhing Publick Infirmaries or Hoffiials in this Kingdom.	*	321

CHAP. JX.

Am Act for ex flaming and amending an Ad, faffed in the fecond Tear of His Majefly King George the Firjt, (entitled, An Mtt for the Real Union and Divifion of Parijbcs) and for other Purfofes therein mentioned*	323

CHAP. X.

An Act to exflain and amend an Ad, entitled, an Ad for re-fairing the Roads, leading from the City of Cork through Millflreet to Shannah Mill in the County of Kerry, and from Shattnah Mill to Kidamy, as alfo from Sbannah Mij through CafUe-iJland to Lijlowell in the fata County ; and for laying an additional Toll at all Turnpikes, in this Kingdom on all Cars and Carriages malting uje of any Part of any Sapling or Trees as or for a Bow or Back Baud, or making ufe of any Sapling twifted into Gads for Back Bands, Halters, Traces to draw by, or Gads commonly called long Gads.	Page	327

CHAP. XI.

An A3 for making and repairing the Roadfrom the Town of Liftow ell in the County of Kerry through the Lauds of Lift to<wel, Drumin, Skebanireen, Bunegarah, Kill me any. Cur-raghpholig, Knockenure, Lijfcnijky, and Binamifyig, in the County of Kerry ; Aiea, Taumpieatiea, Glanagour, Knock-ftntjk, Carrigkeery, Glandujf, Glauncflare, Bailylyne, Ar~ dagh Commons, Ardagb Town, LiJhUlcen, othcrwfe reen,, Skebana, Killfcannell, and Reens, in the County of Limerick, ending at the Forge cn the faid Lands of Reens, at the Turn of the Road leading to Ncwcajllc from Ralhlteale in the faid County of Limerick,	329

CHAP. XII.

An AS to explain and amend the Laws, made for the letter fapplying the City of Dublin with Corn and Flour.	341

CHAP. XIII.

An AS for altering, amending, explaining, and rendering more effeSual an A3, made in the ninth Tear of the Reign of his Late Majejly King George the Second, intituled. An AS for repairing the Road leading from the Bridge, commonly called Banbridge, over the Ban IVater in the county of Down to Randalftown in the County of Antrim,	344

CHAP

An AS far direSing the Application of the Sum of Seven Thoufand Pounds, granted to the Dublin Society for the Encouragement of fuch ’Trades and Manufactures, at Jho\dd be directed by Parliament,	Page	354

CHAP. XVII.

An AS for ereSing new Chapels of Eafe iftthe Parijh of Armagh, and making fuch Chapels, and thofe that are already ereSed in the faid parifh, perpetual Cures ; and for making a proper Provifion for the Maintenance of perpetual Curates to officiate in the fame.	355

CHAP. XX.

An AS for continuing, reviving, and amending fever al Temporary Statutes, and other Purpofes therein mentioned. 359

CHAP. XXL

An AS to continue and amend an AS paffed in the third Tear of His Majfly's Reign, entitled, An AS to amend and explain an AS, made in the thirty-third Tear of the Reign of Henry the Eighth, entitled, An AS for Tythes, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	360

CHAP. XXII.

An AS for promoting the Trade of Ireland by ' enabling the Merchants thereof to ereS an Exchange in the City of Dublin.	3 66

CHAP. XXIII.

An AS for the further Ptefervation of Woods and Timber Trees.	371

CHAP. XXVI.

An AS for applying the Sum of Six Thovfand Pounds, granted by Parliament to the Corporation for promoting and carry• ing on an inland Navigation in this Kingdom, to be by them applied in carrying on a Navigation from the City of Lime-rick to the deep navigable Water above the Town of Kit* laloe, and for encouraging other Per Jons to fubfcrtbe for carrying on and compleating the faid Work at their own Expence.	Page	374

CHAP. XXVII.

An AS for the further Improvement of Pis Majeffs Revenue andfor continuing and amending fever A Ads therein particularly mentioned.	381

CHAP. XXVIII.

An AS to amend an AS made for the better Prefervation of Com.	39#

The Efcrenth Year of GEORGE III.

An AS for reviving, continuing, and amending fever A Temporary Statutes, and for other Purpofes.	394

CHAP. V.

A* AS to prevent Combinations to raife the Price if Coals in the City of Dublin.	395

CHAP. VI.

An AS to prevent the pernicious PraSice of burning Bricke within the city A Dublin, or the Neighbourhood thereof. 396 

CHAP.

An AS for punijhing fuch Perfons as Jhall do Injuries and Violences to the Perfon or Properties of his Majejly's Subjects* with Intent to hinder the Exportation of Corn. Page 397

CHAP. VIII.

An AS to repeal an AS, intituled\ An AS for the Relief of Debtors9 with RefpeS to the Imprifonment of their Per-font.	399

CHAP. IX.

An AS to explain and amend an AS pajfed in the fifth Tear of H’ts Majefiy King George the third, intituled, An AS for amending the Publick Roads•	400

CHAP, X,

An AS to enable the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons to iffue his Warrants to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to ferve in Parliament in the Room of fuch Members ms Jhall Die during the Recefs of Parliament.	403

CHAP. XL

An AS to oblige Ships more eJfeSually to perform their Quarantine9 and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Ireland, and to hinder thefpreading of InfeSion.	404

The

CONTENTS.

The Eleventh and Twelfth Year* of GEORGE III. CHAP. III.

jtn	Aafor	Licenfing Hawkers and Pedlars; and for En-

souragemeot ofEngUJh Protejlant Schools.	Page 41	$

CHAP. IV.

An A8 for granting and continuing to his Majefy the fcveral Dutiesx jRates, and Impojitions therein mentioned% for the Ufe of the Corporation for promoting and carrying on am Inland Navigation in Ireland,	416

CHAP. VI.

An AS for amending and explaining a Provifo or Claufe contained in an A8> paffed in the fourteenth and fftcenth Tears of the Reign of King Charles the Secomi, intituled. An AS for fettling the Subftdy of Poundage, and granting a Subfidy of Tonnage, and other Sums of Money, unto His Royal Majejly, His Heirs and Succeffors, the fame to be paid upon Merchandises imported and exported into or out of the Kingdom of Irclandx according to a Book of Rates hereunto annexed	417

CHAP. VII.

An AS for the further Improvement of His Majejty's Revenue f and the btore ejfcSual preventing of Frauds therein ; atul for continuing and amending fcveral Laws hereto fore made, and now in Force, relative to HU Majejly*s fold Revenue*	4x9

CONTENTS,

CHAP. VIII,

An AS to prevent Fraud* committed by Bankrupts* Page 424 CHAP. IX.

An AS for the better preventing of Frauds committed by Per-fons claiming the Bounties for fapplying the City of Dublin 5with Com and Flour.	45*

CHAP. X.

An AS for rendering Securities by Mortgage more effeSuaC

460

CHAP. XI.

An AS for better regulating the Foundling Hofpital and Wort-houfe in the City of Dublin, and increafing the Fund for the Support thereof 5 alfo for making a Provifion for appointing a L cum Tenens in Cafe of the death or abfence of the Lord Mayor, or the Prejideut of the Court of Confcience.

461

CHAP. XII.

An AS for the further preventing Delays of ffuflice by Reafon of Privilege of Parliaments	499

CHAP. XIII.

An AS for the letter paving, cleanfing, lighting, altering, andt improving the new Street, called Sackvilleflreet and the Mall, irf the City of Dublin, and the Lanes and Avenues leading into the Jume ; as alfo the Street called Marlborough-ftnet, running parallel thereto on the Eafl Side, with the Lanes and Avenues leading into the fame•	5	00

CHAP. XIV.

jUl A3 for preventing the fprtadissg of Fires 9 and for appointing of Watches m Cities and Towns-corporate.	P*£C	500

CHAP. XV.

An A3 for the Relief of poor Jnfantsf who are or food he de*

ferted by their Parents.	joi

CHAP. XVI.

An A8 for ereSing Parochial Chapels of Eafe in Parijhes of large Extent, and making fuch Chapels » and thofe that are already ereSed, perpetual Cures ; and for making a proper Provijion for the Maintenance of perpetual Curates to officiate in the fame ; and alfo in like Manner for making appropriate ■ Purtfhes perpetual Cures.	505

CHAP XVIL

An AS for rendering more ejfcQual the fcveral Laws for the better enabling the Clergy, having ■ Cure of Souls, to rejide upon their Benefices, and to build on their rfpedive Glebe Lands, and to prevent Dilapidations ; and for Jje Encourage-ment of Protefiant Schools within this Kingdom of Ireland.

5H.

CHAP. XVIII.

An AS for the Regulation of the City of Cork, and for ether Purpofes therein mentioned, relative to the faid City.

5*1

CHAP. XIX.

An Act for reviving and continuing feveral temporary Statutes that have lately expired\ and for continuing others that are near expiring,	553

CHAP. XX.

An AS for the making of narrow Roads through the Afoun turnons unimproved Parts of this Kingdom*	Page	55^

CHAP. XXL

An AS to encourage the reclaiming of unprofitable Bogs*

CHAP. XXII.

An AS to prevent burying dead Bodies in Churches•

CHAP. XXIII.

An As for efiablifhing an Infirmary in the South Suburbs cf the City of Corky and to veft an Houfe and front Lot of Ground in the South Suburbs of jaid City (or any other* Houfe or Grounds that may be taken) in certain Trujlees for every and to give fuch Trujlees fuch Power as may be necejfa-ry to promote and execute the Purpofes of an Infirmary in the South Suburbs of the City of Cork•	5^^

CHAP. XXIV,

An AS to enable the Corporation for promoting and carrying on. an Inland Navigation in this Kingdom to ereS and make a Lock adjoining to the Long Dock of the Old Sfuay in the City of Limerick•	565

CHAP. XXV.

An AS for amending an AS for the better Regulation of Part-nerjhtps tQ encourage the trade and Manufacture of this King-dam.	567

CHAP. XXVL

An AS for continuing two fevered ASs, one faffed in tho Twenty feventb Tear of nts late Majefty King George the Second, and the other in the Third Tear of Hit prefeut Mo* jefty9s Reign, for making the River Lagan Navigable, and opening a communication by Water between Loughmeagh and dye Town of Belfaff ; and for enabling the Commijfonert therein named to redfe Money by Alignment of /aid Duties for the mare effectual carrying on faid Work. Page 569

CHAP. XXVIIL

An AS for preventing the EreStng of Lime Kilns m As City of Dublin, or the Suburbs thereof.	57*

CHAP. XXX.

An AS for Bodging fttcb Poor as /ball be found mnatle to fupport them]elves by Labour, and otherwise providing for them, and for refraining fucb asJball be found able tofupport tbem/elves by Labour or Indtfry from Begging. 57$

CHAP. XXXL

An AS for enabling certain Perfons to carry on and oomplmt the Grand Canal.	5*»

CHAP. XXXIII.

An AS for regulating the Journeymen Taylors and Jounef men Shipwrights of the city of Dublin and the Liberties there* of, and of the County cf Bublisu	597

CHAP. XXXIV.

Jki AS far the remitting if Prfbmers with their IndiSments hy the Jujiices of his Majfiys Comrt of Kings Btsuh to the Pious where the Crimes were committed,	Page	$03

CHAP. XXXV.

A0 A3 to embower AgmomHfbam V fey Efquire* to emlofe that Part of the old Road which lies on the W:jl Side of the little River called the Griffin* upon lay mg out fuch other Road, as in this AS is mentioned*	604



A

COLLECTION

OF

STATUTES,

The Firft Year of GEORGE IIL

CHAP. IIL

An ABJo perpetuate with Amendments a Claufe m an AB . faffed in the ninth Tear of His late Majejiy, King George the fccondi intituled. An AB for the more effeBual ajf^ntng of Judgments, and for the more fpeedy Recovery of Rents by Dijbrefs.

HE REAS by an aft of Parliament patted in this 9C* *• kingdom in the ninth year of his late Majefty King George the fecond, intituled. An aB for the more effeBual af-fgning of judgments, and for the more fpeedy recovery of rents by dflrefs, it was for the reafont therein mentioned enaftcd Continued bp (among other things) “ That in all cafe* the recital of a 1 ***

H leafe fora year in the deed of releafe (hall be deemed and tfo. a. S. u taken to be full and fufficient evidence of fuch leafe fee i. whfeh aft* being temporary, hath been continued by fubfe- *9 °* 2 tjuent afts patted in this kingdom : and whereas the (aid re- q°2b q cited claufe hath been found by experience to be ufeful, fa. a. * and fit to be made a perpetual law: be it therefore enafted by perpetual, dec. the King’s idoft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and com* xfcons in Parliament afiemhled* and by the authority of the fame. That the laid recited aft patted in the ninth year of his Jate Majefty, fo fax forth as the fame relates to the making the recital of a leafe for a year in the (feed of releafe evidence of fuch leafe, (1 all be and remain in full force to all intents and purposes for ever.

Vdt. V.	A	IT	And

Digitized by

Google

2	7'tie firfi Year of George III.

A. D. II. And be it further enabled and declared by the autho-1761. rity aforefaid, That in all cafe? of pleading deeds of leafe v——* and releafe, wherein it may be neceflary to alledge the bring-And fufficient Jng fuch deeds into court, it fhall be fufficient to alledge the rele”efnttf * * bringing “ito court the deed of releafe, in which the recital court.	°f fuch leafe fliall to all purpofes whatfoever be as effectual

as producing the fame.

-	: CHAP, VIL	** /

An Act for continuing and amending an Aft, (intituled An Act for better regulating the colleftton of his Majejly’s Revenue, and for preventing Frauds therein ; and for repealing an Aft'made the lajl Sejfiofl of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending feveral Laws heretofore made relating to his Majefty s Revenue, and for the more ejfeftual preventing of Frauds in his Majejly's Cujloms and Excife, and the fever al Afts and Statutes which are mentioned in the fold Aft, and continued thereby,)

M June 1787, by 26. G. 3



'^3 G. -2. t®v *YXT HEREAS by an a£f palled in the thirty third year Co^ti* ued with VV of the reign of his late Majefty King George the amendments to fecond, intituled, An aft for the better regulating the collefti-*^c on (J his Majefty* s revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein ; and for repealing an aft made the lajl fejfion of Parliament, intituled, {An aft for continuing and amending fever al laws heretofore made relating to his Majefty* s revenue, and for the more ejfeftual preventing of frauds in his Majefty*s cujloms and excife,) and the fever al afts and fiatutes which are mentioned in the faid aft, and continued thereby ; feveral provifions Anything re-were made for regulating the collection of his Majefty’s delating to draw- venue, and preventing frauds therein, which have been found backs on fpirits to be of general ufe, but are now near expiring: be it en-repeaied^by 21	hy	the lung’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with

the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the {aid recited a&, and all and every the claufe and claufes therein contained (except fuch parts thereof as are altered or repealed by this prefent a<ft) fhall continue and be in force for the fpace of two years years, &c.'from from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven 24 June 1762. hundred and fix ty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of Parliament, and no longer.

Cnmmiflioners IK And whereas by the faid recited a&, paffed in the impowfiedto thirty third year of the reign of his late Majefty King take recogni- George the fecond, it is amongft other things ena&ed,. n 'lnccs1Ul°i ant U That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one ‘	“ thoufand feven hundred and fixty, it fhould and might be.

“ lawful to and for the chief commiflioners of his Majefty’s.

“ excife.

and 22>G. 3.C. *5fi.

•yontinrted 2

Digitized by

>ogle

The firft Tear ef George III.	^

M excife, or any three of them, and the cofleftors of his A. D. w Majefty’s excife, in their feveral diftrifts from time to time 1761, u to take recognizances, and to iflue and grant licences for Chap* 7*

“ felling of beer, ale, wine, ftrong waters, and fpirits re-u fpeftively, in fuch manner as in and by the (aid act is di-“ reeled.” And whereas a doubt hathsrifen, whether the chief commiffioners of his Majefty’s excife, or any three of them, are impowered by the faid recited aft to iflue and grant fuch licences in any other diftrift, than in the diftrift of the excife-office of the city and county of the city of Dublin, and county of Dublin : for remedy whereof, and for obviating and taking away all doubts relative to the granting of fuch licences, be it enabled and declared by the authority aforefaii. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the chief commiffioners of excife for the time being, or any three or more of them, to iflue and grant licences for felling of beer, ale, wine, ftrong waters, and fpirits refpeftively, in all or any of the counties and diftrifts of this kingdom, to fuch perfon or perfons as they, or any three or more of them, in their diferetion (hall think fit.

III.	Provided neverthelefs, That before any licence Audi Recognisance*

be delivered to the perfon or perfons applying for the fame, returned to fuch and the like recognizances, as are mentioned and ap- c*cf^# pointed to be taken by the faid recited aft, (hall be acknow- ^	^	4*

ledged before the colleftor of excife in the diftrift, where

the perfon or perfons applying for fuch licences doth or (hail Tefide, who is hereby authorized and impowered to take the fame; and the cofleftors of excife in their feveral and refpec-tive diftrifts are hereby required to make a return of fuch recognizances to the clerks of the peace, or their deputies, in fuch and the fame manner at in and by the faid recited aft is direfted and appointed with regard to the recognizances therein mentioned.

IV. And whereas by the faid recited aft it is enaftld, By 3 j G. 1.

11 That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one 10

u thoufand (even hundred and fixty, all aquavit*, fpirits, or	with-

“ flrong waters, exceeding in quantity more than four gal- <Hlt permit, * u Ions, that (hall be carried or conveyed from any place in forfeited. u this kingdom to any part thereof by inland carriage, u (hould be liable to be feized by any of the officers of his u Majefty’s revenue, and (hould be deemed and taken to u be unlawfully diftilled, and forfeited as fuch, unlefs the * perfon carrying fuch aquavita, fpirits, or ftrong waters " (hould produce a permit or let-pafs, given and figned by u fome one of the officers of excife within the diftrift,

M from whence fuch aquavita, fpirits, or ftrong waters were “ intended to be carried and whereas it has been found,

That the provifions. made in and by the faid recited afts relative to permits or let-paflds for conveying filch fpirits

A 2	proved

frWfrl 1 ■ n

Digitized by k^ooQle

*4	Thefirfi Year rf George I!I.

>A. IX	proved ineffectual-: be k therefore ena&ed by the authority

1761.	aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day o

Chap. 7.	June, one thoufand feven hundred and ftxty two, it fhal

\r^-J	and may be lawful to and for any officer of his Majefty’s re

venue to enter in the day time into all or any of the houfes out-houfes, ftore-houfes, or other places whatsoever, of 01 belonging to any perfon or perfons, who (hall fell any aquavits, Spirits, or ftrong waters, or fimple or compounc waters, made or diililkd in this kingdom, either by whole-fair or retail (other than and except apothecaries and drug^-gifts) and there to demand a permit or let-pafs (figned by fomeoneof the officers of, excite in the diftrid, where fuch aquavits, fpirits, or ftrong waters fhall be made or diftilled ) for each and every calk, or other veffei containing more than four gallons of aquavits, fpirits, or ftrong waters made or diftilled in this kingdom, that ftall be found or difeover-ed in the cuftody or poffeffion of fuch perfon or perfone : and if, on demand made by fuch officer as aforefaid, no permit of let-pafs figned as aforefaid (haU be produced within a reasonable time after fuch demand made, or proof made that a permit had been granted for the fame, and was afterwards loft or miflaid, then all the aquavits, fpirits, or ftrongr waters in fuch caiks, or t>ther veffels, containing more than four gallons, /hall be feized, and (hall be deemed and taken to be unlawfully diftilled, and forfeited as fuch, together with the cafk or veffel in which fuch, aquavits, fpirits, or ftrong waters ihafi be contained.

And h d V. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, ▼ifit iogai- 7 That from and after the firft d^y of May, one thoufand fe-houfes, and van hundred and fixty two, it (hall and may be lawful to and take account of for the gaugers, and other officers of excife, to vifit in the w5h*WatCr ^aTthefugaivbottfes of or belonging to any fugar baker, and there to take an account of all fugar-water waft, which fhall be found in the houfes, out-houfes, or yards of foch ftigar-baker, and upon any deeveafe afterwards found therein to charge fuch fugar-baker with the duty charged upon wa/h of moloflfes- or of fugar, unlefs fuch fugar-baker fhall declare the name ar names, and the place or places of abode, of the perfon or perfons, to whom he fold or delivered the fame.

Psrfons let- VI. And for preventing frauds-that are daily pra&ifed by bSJ-houfcs perfons hiring out private brew-houfes and utenfils for brew-witfeovt^licencc *nS *n or^cr to evade the payment of the duties of excife : from comm if- be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from fioncrs, to for- and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand fe-hk Sol.	ven hundred and fixty two, no perfon or perfons fhall let out

or hire or lend any private brew-houfe either with or without utenfils for brewing to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, unlefs the perfon or perfons to letting out for hire, or lend*

6	ing

Digitized by

Google

at-.

Tbf firft Tar •/ George III. private brew-houfe, flail obtain an annual licence

tdoing ;

A. D.

from the eommiffionert of big Majefly’s exdfe, 1761. r three or more of them, or from the collector of the Chap. 7. wherein fuch private brew-houfe (hall be fituated \

:h licence, before the lame (hall be granted, there paid to and for the ufe of hh Majdty, his heirs ~ the fum of fifty pounds jhrbng : and in cafe or perlbot (hall let out to hire or lend any private Qufe, either with or wfthout utenfils for brewing,

; fuch licence firft had and obtained, then and in every fo happening the perfon or perfons fo letting out r or lending a private brew-boufe, and the perion or >to whom the lame (hall be lo let to hire or lent, (hall Lively forfeit the fum of fifty pounds Jkrhng ; to he rd in manner herein after mentioned.

And be it further ea&&ed by the authority aforefiud, stniVf *c from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one be registered and (even hiuuA-ed and fixty two, all (tills, black pots,

|i alembick*, containing more than twelve gallons, (hall, b€rtll>*

: the fame are let at work, be entered and reri Acred	^

office of excife of the diftrid, wherein fuch (till, l pot, or alembick is intended to be wrought; which I or regiftry (hall contain the chriftian name and fir-name pe diftukr, the true contents of the (till, black pot, or and the place where fuch (till, black pot, or is fixed, or intended to be fixed, and the day of l when fuch regiftry is made; for which entnr a fee ; pence (hall be paid, and no more, and the officer of \ (hall thereupon grant a certificate thereof: and if any 1 black pot, or alembick, which (hall hold or contain 1 than twelve gallons, (hall after the faid twenty fourth ~ June, one thoofand feven hundred and (ixty two, be I or discovered in the houfe or pofleffion of any perfoa pother than and except a brazier, or othei main metal) not entered or regiflered in manner 1) then every fuch dill, black pot, or alembick,

\ feezed and forfeited, and all wafh and pot-ale, which be found therein Audi be fpillcd, and all low wines Aron? waters found therein (hall be like wife for-

,

iJTClI. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- ^ircu for for-That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of mentinv molaf-ooe thoufand feven hundred and (ixty two, no perfurr fct, (1>**1 hold 1 {hall have or keep in his, her, or their enftody or or (hall make ufe of, any backs or other veflels ^fermenting wa(h of molofles or fugar, which (hall not r contain four hundred gallons at the lead, upoo pain of ng fuch backs or other vcflcls, and alfe the fum of

ten

Digitized by

Google



6	The firft Year of Gtorge III.

A. D. ten pounds, for every fuch offence ; to be recovered in man 1761. ner herein after mentioned.

Chap. 7. IX. And whereas it frequently happens, that houfes anc ground fit and convenient for building cuftom-houfes anc m^demife^re ot^er houfes f°r the fervice of the revenue are wanted ; btr mSLsIfor CT hy rca^on °f f°me difability in the perfon or perfons feizec tom-houfes and or interefted in the fame no abfolute fale, or demife for « yards.	long term of years, can be obtained therein ; which has of

ten proved very inconvenient and prejudicial to his Majetty>: fervice : be it further enad'ted by the authority aforefaid That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, om thoufand feven hundred and fjxty two, it (hall and may bi lawful for all perfons, bodies politick and corporate, tenant in tail, tenants for life with remainders to their fons or ifTm in tail, infants by their guardians, the guardians and cbm ' mittees of lunaticks and ideots, femes covert with their huf bands, by deeds indented and inrolled to demife for an) term of years to his Majefty, or to fuch perfon or perfon as the chief coinmiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue for th< time being, or any three or more of them, (hall appoint any ground, lands, or tenements, neceffary or convenien for building Cuftom-houfes, or other houfes and yards fo '	the fervice of the revenue, not exceeding one acre plantatioi

meafure, and not being part of the demefnes ufually occu pied with the manfion-houfe of the perfon or perfons fo cU miling the fame.

' X. And be it further enafted by the authority afore faid, That every fuch demife, that (hall be made ks afore faid, of any grounds, lands, or tenements, neceffary or cor venient for building cuftom-houfes, or other houfes for th fervice of the revenue, with all ways, yards, palfages, air appurtenances, (hall be valid and effe&ual in law, nutwitl (landing any disability or incapacity whatfoever in the perfo or perfons demifing the fame.

No leafe by XI. Provided nevertheJefs, That no leafe, contradl, c tard^unfefs ’ <^em^e,> ^erca^ter to be made by tenants for life, or infani confent of lord by their guardians, or by the guardians and committees c ' chancellor in- lunaticks and ideots, (hall be deemed valid and effe&ual in th dorfed.	law ; unlefs the lord chancellory or lord keeper of the gre<

fealin Iieland for the time being, do by writing indoiied o ‘ fuch leafe, contra&, or demife, iignify his confent and aj probation of the fame.

XII.	And to the intent that the feveral and refpe&h greed^aU *be 6wner8 and proprietors of all fuch ground, lands, or tern paid to owners ments, their feveral and refpe&ive heirs, executors* ’ admini of the ground trators and afligns, may be well and truly paid the yearl fioners	rents, that (hall be agreed upon for the fame; be it enable

by the authority aforefaid, That the faid yearly rents (ha be inferted on the revenue-lift of incident expences accon

in

Digitized by L^ooQle

7



frfl Ttat of George in.

iag to fuch contra&s and agreements, and be paid tod payable unto fuch owners and proprietors, their federal and refpe&ive heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afligna, *aci cording to their feveral and refpc&ive eftates and mterefts in the ground, lands, or tenements to be demised, without any dedu&ion, defalcation, or abatement whatfoever; and that (he commiffioners of the revenue for the time being, or any three or more of them, (hall pay or caufc to be paid out of his Majefly'e revenue under their direction and manage*

. ment the laid yearly rents according to fuch con trad s or demifes from time to time yearly, qr half yearly, as the faid rent (halj be contra&cd for, unto fuch owners and proprie-* tors, their feveral and refpe&ive heirs, executors, admtnif* ttators, and affigns, in manner and form aforefaid, accord-	.	.;

ing to the true intent and meaning of this ad.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the ' ^ ^ authority afore faid, That nothing herein contained fhall in peach former any way impeach or prejudice, or be con ft rued, deemed, contracts or dc* or taken to impeach or prejudice, any former agreements,

contra&s, or demifes, heretofore at any time made for or concerning any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereon any cuftom-houfes or other houfes for the ferviccof the re* venue have been built, or are now building, or hereafter (hall be built ; but that during the continuance of fuch agreements, contra&s, or demiles, the fame fuall continue, be, and remain in the fame force and validity, as if this ad had not been made; any thing herein contaiucd to the jx»n-» trary notwithftanding,

XIV.	And whereas great jnconvtniencies have arifen for want of fit perfons being authorized to take and receive affidavits in the feveral counties of this kingdom in qaufes or proceedings before the commiffioners of appeal: be it en-

adtd b}r the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be Commiffion^M lawful to and for the commiffioners of appeal, or any	ll,i*y

of them, by commifiion under their hands and foals from J^rfonV to take time to time to authorize and impower fuch perfqn or perfons, affidavits, dec. as they (hall think fit, in the feveral counties of this kingdom to be commiffioners to take and receive affidavits cotw ceroing any caufe dependiqg, or other proceedings in caufoa of appeal, before the commiffioners of appeal ; and jll affidavits taken as aforefaid (hall be of the fame force, as affidavits taken before the (aid commiffioners of appeal are or may be ; and for the fwearingand taking of every fuch affidavit the perfons, fo impowered or taking the fame, (hall receive a fee of one (hilling and fix pence, and no more,

XV.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority afore-. Perjury there* (aid. That every perfon, wfio (hall make fuch affidavit astn* aforefaid, and fhall be lawfully co^vi&ed of having wilfully,

falfely, and corruptly fwornany matter or thing In fuch affi-

.	davit

Digitized by

Google

In the caption the time

%.	42.

eredling inDub-lin an once of ejci£c.

'Tbi9 fi*fi Tear of Geofge III.

.davit contained) fhall incur and be fubjed to the fame penalties and forfeitures as by the laws and ftatutes of thi$ kingdom are ena&ed againft the perfona convided of w3-ful and corrupt perjury.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-* and phet*^an- That no affidavit, taken by any commiffioner autbo-tiontd, \$c. rized as aforefaid, fhall be read or made ufe of before the commiffioners of appeal, unlefs the commiffioner, or perfon that takes the fame, mention in the caption thereof the day of the month when, and alfo the place and county where the fame fhall be fworn, and that he knows the deponent, or has been cr dibly informed, that he is the real period mentioned and described in fuch affidavit.

14 and 15 C. XVII. And whereas by an ad paffed in this kingdom m the fourteenth and fifteenth years ^of the reign of King Charles the fecond, intituled, An aQ for fettling of the ex* ctfe or new impojl upon his Majefly, his heirs and fuccefors, according to the book of rates therein inferted, it was among other things ena&ed and ordained, 44 That there (hould be 4€ an office conflituted and ere&ed in the city of Dublin* to be called and known by the name of the office of ex-44 cife or ne\*r import, to be managed and governed by cora-u miffionefrs, not exceeding five in number, and alfo a fur-44 veyor, all to be appointed by the lord lieutenant, lord “ deputy, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, and to be commiffioned under the “ great feal of this realm, to have and to hold to them refpec-44 tively during their good behaviour refpe&ivefy :n and whereas by one other ad of Parliament made in this kingdom in the faid fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign and^T4 and 1$ cf the faid King Charles the fecond, intituled* An ad for cnaSiAg booi’ fettlinSthe	fubfidy of	poundand granting a fubjidy of tun-

of rates and nage, and other ftints of money unto his royal Majfly, his heirs rules annexed, and ficcejjbrsy the fame to be paid upon merchandizes imported and exported according to a book of rates hereunto annexed, it was among other things ena&ed, 44 That the book of rates,

44 together with certain rules, orders, and diredions there-44 unto annexed, intituled, Certain rules, orders, diredions,

« and allowancesy for the advancement of trade, and the en*

« courcgement of merchants, and alfo for the regulating as weir of the merchants in making of due etitries and 'juft payments of « their cuftoms, as of the officers in all ports of this realm, in the « receipts of their fevered fees, and in the faithful management i *	44 of their duties and trujls, and every article, claufe, fentence.

Rule 47. an- 44 and rule in the before mentioned book of rates, and cer-ncxedto book of 44 tain rules, orders, and diredions aforefaid, fhould from « and after the firft day of December, one thoufand fix 44 hundred and fixty one* be and remain as effedual to all 44 intents *md purposes, as if. the fame had been particularly

44 included .

Digitized by

Google

The firfi Ytsr of George ill. i$ included in the body of the laid aft and whereas the forty feventh rule annexed to the faid book of rates it was ordered, that for the better management, as well as kfening the charge, of his Majefty’s revenue, the commiffioners of the cuftoms fhould not at any time be more than /even, or lefs than five, in number, to be appointed from time to time by the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors, and privy council of this realm, and known unto them for perfons of ability and experience in cuftom-affairs, who fhould have commiffion under the great foal of this kingdom during pleafure only: and whereas for many years pail the commiffioncrs of excife, as well as the coirmiffioner* of the cuftoms, have been appointed by one commiffion under the great feal of this kingdom to hold their refpeftive offices during his Majefty's pleafure only, purfuant to letters for that purpofe under the fign manual cf his Majefty and his predectfibrs: and where-as it has been of late queitioned, whether the appointment of the commiffioncrs of excife by his Majefty, and during his Majefty’s pleafure only, be ftriftly legal ; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That dl and every the commif-fions and letters patent, which have heretofore beea pafled under the great fed of this kingdom couftkuting and appointing the feverd and refpe&ive perfons, named or mentioned in fuch commiffions or letters patent refpeftively, commiffioners of excife or commiffioncrs of cuftoms, /hall he and are hereby declared to be firm, valid, and effc&ua! in the law to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-iaid. That from time to tune, and at all times for ewer hereafter, it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, to conftitute and appoint commiffioners of the excife and commiffioners of the cuftoms by one or more commiffion or commiffioners under the great fed of this kingdom, to have and to hold their refpeftive offices or places during their good behaviour refpeftively or during his Majefty’s pleafure only, as to his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-teffors, (hdl feem fitting ; which commiffioners, fo appointed or to be appointed, lhall refpeftively have all fnch powers and authorities, as the commiffioners of excife and commif-fioners of cuftoms refpeftively are now intituled to have, ufe, or exercifc, by any law now in force in this kingdom.

XIX.	And whereas by the aft of excife or new impoft, it is enafted, “ That all goods and merchandizes feized for M being run, or intended to be run, (hall be brought to the “ office of excife next adjoining to the place, where fuch w goods /hall be fo feized, there to be detained and kept “ until thefame (hall be condemned or discharged, in man-

u ner

The Kiog may appoint them during pleafure

By 14and i* C. s. 8. ft*. 47% run eooat feifed (hall ne condemn ned or difchsrg. ed, dec.

The frji Tear of George III. her at by the faid aft of e*cMe is provided which hast in many cafes been attended with inconveniencies and da-, mage to the owners of fuch goods and merchandizes* by lofing their market before a trial could be had thereon ; and many difadvantages have alfo arifen by the detention of fhips or veflels, laden with fuch goods and commodities, aud thereby preventing them from proceeding on their intended voyages : for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of May, one thoufandfeven hundred and fixty two, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the owner or owners of any goods and merchandizes fe»ed for being run, or intended to be run* and to dnd for the mailer or commander of any fhip or veffel feized for the breach of any of the laws of excife, to apply ^as by law may now be done in cafes to be heard and determined in the court of Exchequer) fora writ of ap-* praifement to value and appraife fuch goods and merchan-i dizes, and fhip, or veffel To feized ; on which fuqh pro-* codings Ihalland may be had, as have been ufual in cafes* whereby law writs of appraifement have iffued ; and on re-* turn of the appraifement or value of fuch goods and commodities, and of fuch fhips and veflels, the party or parties applying for fuch writ of appraifement together with two. fufficient fureties fhall enter into a recognizance to his Ma-jefly in double the value of fuch appraifement before the chancellor* or one of the barons of the court of Exchequer, or before fuch other perfon or perfons as they, or any of them, fhall appoint by commifiion, to be iffued out of the faid court of Exchequer, conditioned to pay fuch appraifed value, and all other penalties and forfeitures attending fuch feizure, in cafe the fame fhall be condemned; and thereupon the faid chancellor, or any of the faid barons of the faid court of Exchequer, fhall award a writ of delivery in the ufual manner for fuch goods and merchandises* and the fhip> or veffel, fo feized as aforefaid.

On acquittal, XX. provided always, That upon the acquittal of fuch recognizance goods mid merchandizes, and fhips or veflels, from fuch vacated.	feizure	as aforefaid, by the chief commiflioners of the re-.

* venue, or their fub-commiflioners in their feyeral and re-, fpeftive diftrifts, or by the commiffioners of appeal (in cafe an appeal fhall be brought) and due proof made thereof before the faid chancellor, or any of the barons of t?he C=ud Court of Exchequer, and notice given to his Majefty’s; attorney general for the time being, that then the laid chancellor, or any of the barons of the faid court of Exchequer, fhall, and may, and they are hereby required and di-refted to order the faid recognizance to be vacated, and the

Digitized by L,ooQle

11

The frft Tear of George III. fame (hall afterwards be null and void to all intents and pur* A. D. poles whatfoever.	1761.

XXI. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- S****”*”-* laid, That all the forfeitures abd penalties infli&ed by this All penalties ad (hall and may be fued for, and recovered, levied, and K?*?* “jj ap“ applied in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and me* ^ J £ thods, as are prefcribed and appointed in and oy the laid ad, made in the fourteenth arid fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fccond, intituled, An ad for fettling of the excift or new impojtutoon hit Majejly, hit heir: end fuccef forty according to the booh of rates therein infertca ; with the like remedy of appeal to the party or parties, that (hall think him cr themfelves aggrieved or injured, as by the laid a d is provided.

XXII- Provided always, and be it enabled by the autho- moch rity aforefaid, That fo much of this ad, as is made for con-' tinuiog and amending any former ad of Parliament for the vcnue ad, dull improvement of his Majelly’s revenue, and the fcver^l fur- continue 1 yc*t* ther provifions hereby made for the like purpofes, (hall con- kom *4 Junc* tinue and be in force for two years from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand fcven hundred and fixty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of Parliament, and no longer : but that the fcvcral ciaufes in this prefent ad contained, relative to the appointment of the commiffioners of excife aud cuftoms, (hall be and is hereby declared to be perpetual.

CHAP. VIII.

An A3 to enable Tenants for Life to make perpetual Leafet of Grounds, whereon to ereS Puhtick Hof pi tabs.

BE it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty by Taunt for and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ““X denufe and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afltrm-	fjp *n

tried, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and hofpital, forpei-may be lawful to and for any tenant for life of lands near pctual renewal, any city or town corporate, fit for the purpofe of building nn hofpital for Tick or maimed perfons, by deed indented to demife to any perfon or perfons, for ereding fuch hofpital, any fuch lands, not exceeding in the whole by the demife of any one fuch leflbr an acre of ground, plantation meafure, for any term of years, or with covenants for perpetual renewal, referving a rent according to the full improved value, payable to thofe who are or (hall be intitled to the freehold and inheritance ; and fuch lcafe and leafes (hall be good and valid again (I all perfons in remainder after fuch tenant for life, or claiming under fuch remainder-men.

II.	Provided

Digitized by

Google

A. I>.

1761*

But perfon having firft inheritance may allot.

Erected in

3 Tears, or not binding.

9 & 10IV. 3. 39. Eng.

r Annc 17. ftat. 1. Eng.

15 G. ft. fto. *z

Silver wire to be drawn for thread (hall hold 11 oz. 15 p. wt. upon each lb. weight of fine filver, dec.

The firft Tear of George IIJ.

II.. Provided that it (hall tod may be in the power of the perfon or perfons, intitled to the firft eftate of inheritance in remainder after the determination of the eftate 7>f fuch tenant for life* to appoint and allot fuch particular acre, part of fuch lands, as he, (he, or they (hall think raoft convenient to be denuded.

ILL Provided alfo> That fuch bofpital be ere&ed on fuch lands within the'(pace of three years next after the execu^ lion of fuch leaf?; Qtherwife fuch leafe lhall not be binding upon any of the peribns in remainder after fuch tenant for life.

CHAP. IX.

An AS to prevent the counterfeiting Gold and Silver Lace, and for fettling and adjufting the Proportions offine Gold\ Silver, and Silk, and for the better making of Gold and Silver Thread.

WHEREAS hitherto there has not been any law in this kingdom for afeertaining the finenefs of lilver, and quantity'of gold to be laid thereon in making wire for threads, and the other denominations neceffary in manufacturing gold and filver lace, nor for proportioning the quantity and quality of filk to be ufed in the fame; by which frauds may be committed, to the great lofs of his Majefty’s fubje&s, and hurt and damage to the trade of this kingdom : for remedy whereof, be it cna<^cd by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lbrds fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and. after the firft day of May, one thoufand feven bundled and fixty two, all copper, brafs, and every other metal inferior to filver, (hall be fpun upon thread, yarn, or inde only, and not (pun, mixed, wove, wrought, or £c| upon filk; upon pain that each and every perfon offending therein (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five (hillings for each and eveiy ounce fo fpun, mixed, wove, wrought, or fet upon (ilk.

II. Be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of May, all filver wire, to he.drawn for the making of filver thread, lhall hold at leaft eleven ounces fifteen penny weight of fine filver upon the pound, weight Troy; and that all filver, to be gilt and made, ufe of in the wire-drawers trade, lhall hold at kaft eleven ounces ten penny weight of fine filver upon the pound freight Troy, and lhall not have Icfs than four penny weight four grains of fine gold, without any allay, laid

upon

Digitized by v^ooQle

The firft Tear George III.	I)

|	upon each pound weight of the hud hirer, upon pain that	A.	D.

;	the refiner or maker thereof (hail forfeit and pay the (am of	i	1.

| fire fhillmgs for each and every ounce fo made contrary to Chap. 9. the diredions of this a&.

III.	Be it further caa&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the (aid firft day of May, no gilt wire

Audi be coloured with verdegreofe, or dead-head, or any grcafc, dtc. other force-colour, upon pain that the perfon (o offending (hafi forfeit and pay the fum of two (hillings and fix pence for every ounce fo coloured: and for all gold and fiber,

' prepared as aforefaid, aftd reduced into plate, there (hall be allowed at the kaft fix ounces of the fatd plate to cover four ounces of filk, except large twifi, freeze, freezon, ftoft, and cheque, and alfo except round brocade ufed in the making brocaded gold and fiber filks or (luffs only, in which there (hall be allowed at the lead fix ounces of the faid plate to cover five ounces of filk, and no more; all which gold and filver plate (hall be fpun clofe upon well boiled and light dyed filk only, except froft, being run thin and fpun upon different coloured filk ; and in eaie any fpinner of gold and fiber thread, or other perfon, (hall lay gold or fUvcr plate Upon any greater proportions of filk, or in any other moo-* ner, than as before dire&ed by this ad (except1 as is here* in before excepted) fuch (pinner or other perfon (hall forfeit and pay two (hillings and fix pence for every ounce fo fpun.

IV.	And be it further etraded by the authority afore- Vendor *f find, That if any perfon whatsoever from and after the faid orricc Uce, firft day of May (hall fell, or offer to (ale, any gold or m»*cd with filver orrice lace, mixed with any other metal or materials

than gold or filver, filk and vellum, the perfon fo felling, ^6d. or offering the fame to- fide, (hall forfeit and pay for every ounce, the fum of two (hillings and fix pence.

V.	Be k further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Feoafcy*i. That if any perfon whatsoever after the faid firfl day of p*r ounce Add May (hall fell any gold or filver wire, plate, thread, bee, not by Troy or fringe, by any other weight than Troy weight, the per- we,Jht*

fbn fo (idling (hafi forfeit for every ounce fo fold the fum of five fhfilmgs.

VI.	Be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,	or

That from and after the find firft day of May, if any maker or

fefler of any* goods, made or xmxed with gold or filvef with gold or thread or plate, (hall malm or fell any goods mixed with filver thread, gold or fiber thread or {dote, made contrary to the intent or co°* and meaning of this ad, foch perfon* or perfons (hall forfeit ^eit ^°9 and pay five (hillings for each and every ounce of gold and pn ounce, fiber thread, or plate, fo made or fold.	Ho	gold	or

VII.	Be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That from and after the bid firfl day of May, no gold or

filver 1 Q, 3. t.

*****

Digitized by

Google

»4

A. D.

1761. Chap. 9.

Penalties to the King and profecutor.

General iflue may be pleaded, &c.

■ Profecution in 6 months.

No penalty on felling before 1 May 1763, tho' not made purfuant re this adt.

The fir ft fear of George III. filver thread, lace, fringe, or any other work made thereof* or any thread, lace, fringe, or other work made of copper* brafs, or any other inferior metal, or gold or filver wire or plate, not of the manufadure of Great Britain, fliall be in>-; ported, upon pain of being forfeited and burned, and upon the further penalty of one hundred pounds, to be paid* by. the importer thereof for each and every parcel fo imported.

VIII.	Be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That of the feveral penalties and forfeitures, made and in-Aided by this ad, one moiety (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffor*, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, that (hall inform, fue, or profecute for the fame, and may be fued for, and recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin, wherein no effoign, protedion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hail be allowed, .

IX.	Be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,: That if any perfon or perfons fliall b^ fued, for what either, he, (he, or they fliall do in the execution of this ad, he, (he, or they may plead the general iflue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence ; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fliall becqjne nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their adion ox adions, or if a verdid (hall pafs againil him, her, or them, the defendant or defendants fliall recover treble cods; for which they fliall have the like remedy as in other cafes, where cods are allowed to defendants.

X.	Provided always, That every fuit, adion, or ptofe-cution, to be brought by virtue of this ad, (hall be commenced within fix kalendar months after the offence committed.

XI.	Provided always, That nothing in this ad contained fliall be condrued to inflid any penalty upon any perforr for felling, or expofing to fale, any filver wire, or filver or gold thread, or any lace or fringe, on or before the firff day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and flxty three, though the fame be not made according to the rules and diredions of this ad : provided proof be made by oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before fome juf-tice of the peace of the county, city, town or place, where the fame fliall be fold or expofed to fale . ( which oath the faid jud ee is hereby impowered and required to adminider) that fuch goods arc really and Iona fide the ma-nufadure of this kingdom, and were made on or before the faid fird day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty three.

XII. Provided

Digitized by

Google

7 be firft Tear of George ITT.

XII.	Provided alfo. That nothing in this aft contained,

U ftalJ extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prohibit any copper, brafs, or any other metal inferior to filvcr, fpun ^ $qx>n thread, yarn, or inkle, as this aft direfts, being . Not to .

1	'wrought or fewed with filk, upon any garment or apparel ’ actually ufed in theatrical entertainments only.	thicadj	Ac.

[ XIII. Be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That ThUapub-this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to l>e a pub- hek ad. r fick aft, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fvich by * all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CHAP. X.

An Act to prevent the excejfive Price of Coals in tie city of Dublin.	.

WHEREAS foveral perfons in the (aid city make a

praftice of buying up intire cargoes of coals, before 6 o. i. 2. they are brought up to the quay or publick landing place,	1 O. 2. at.

aodbythefe means engrofs large quantities of coals,, and No pefoti afterwards retail the fame at exorbitant prices t and whereas faaU bellowed by the feveral frauds praftifed in the coal trade the poor of to purchase coals this city have been reduced to great dHlrefs: for remedy f?r except whereof, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Ma-	44

jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afiemhled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of May, in the year one thoufaod fcven hundred and fixty-two, no perfon (hall be allowed to pur-chafe coals for (ale, or to keep any yard for foiling coals, or to aft as a faftor, purfor, or agent for buying or felling coals in the (aid city, without having a licence for that pur-pofe, figned by the lord mayor or recorder of the (aid city 5 and no licence (hall be granted, unlefs the perfon defiring fuch licence (hall liril enter into bond with fufficient focu-rity of the penalty of two hundred pounds, conditioned for fuch perfons not being in any fort concerned in engrofling, foreftalling, or regrating, or in any combination for raifing the price of coals: for which licence, and alfo for filling up the faid bond, one (hilling, and no more, (hall be paid.

II- And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid^ That pa£0I^ *c. the faid faftors, purfors, or agents, (hall never exceed the not to exceed’ number of forty, and (hall never buy any coals to fell again ; and that ho fuch faftor, ptnrfer, or agent, (hall buy in any one year for his own conlumption a greater quantity than twenty tuns; and every perfon who (hall keep any yard for felling coals without firft obtaining fuch licence, and every

faftor

Digitized by . >OQle

Ft dors, Ac. ihaH take oath to ail impartially, between feller and buyers.

Yard keepers, factors, Ac. not to keep a coal lighter, gabbard, or boat: nor any one without licence;

Fee is. Penalty iool.

A board, with name of / the colliery in large characters hung at the

Lord mayor, recorder, and aldermen, or majority, may make rules for wages and conduct of meafurers,

9'hifirfi Tear of George HI. factor, or purfer, or agent, who (hall buy any coak to fell again, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit one- hundred pounds.

III.	And be it enaCtcd by the authority aforefaid, Tha*t every fuch fadtor, agent, or purfer, (hall take an path, to _ be adminiftered by the lord mayor of the city of Dublin (which oath the faid lord mayor is hereby impowered to adminittcr) that he will not during the time of his being* fa&or, purfer, or agent, buy any coals to fell again : and that he will excrcife the faid office faithfully, diligently, ancl impartially between the fellers and buyers of coals.

IV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon, who fhall keep a coal-yard, or be concerned as ^ fa&or, purfer, or ageftt, fhall keep any lighter, gabbard, or boat, for the purpofe of carrying coals ; and that no perfon fhall keep fuch boat or gabbard without having a written licence for that purpofe, figned by the lord mayor or recorder of this city; for which licence orie (hilling, and no more fhall be paid; and every perfon, who fhall offend herein, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of on^ hundred pounds.

V.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the matter of every veflel (hall be obliged immediately on the* arrival of every fuch yeffel at any of the quays or publiclc landing places of this city to hang at the mafh of his faid veflel, or of the lighter, gabbard, or boat, in which coal? fhall be brought up to the faid quays or landing-places at board with the true nkmc of the place, from whence the faid coals were brought, written thereupon in large legible characters; and no fum of money fhall be charged or taken by any perfon wHatfoeVer, for hanging out fuch bohrd * and every perfon, who fhall keep a yard for felling coals in-the city of Dublin^ fhall hang at the door of faid yard a board, the denomination of the coals then contained in faid* yard, written in large legible chara&erfe; and every perfon offending, herein (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pound? * and every matter, fa&or, or porter, and every perfon keeping a yard for felling coals, and every perfon whatsoever, who fhall knowingly or wilfully fell coals by a falfe denomination, or impofe, or be any ways aiding or Inftrumen-tal in impofing upon any buyer of coals touching the dend-minatibn or kind of the faid coals, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fom of fifty pounds.

VI.	And for preventing the frauds pradtifed by mekfurers, porters, and Carmen, be it ena&ed by the authority afore laid, That the lord mayor, recorder, and board of aider-men of the faid city, or the majority of them, fhall have power from time to time to make fuch rules and by-law? for fixing the waiges and regulating the conduft of mea-

furers.

Digitized by

Google



V George Ilf.

filfm, porters, and carmen employed in the carriage or A. D. tperfftresaent of coals, as the lord mayor, recorder, and 17^,# hoard of aldermen, or the majority of them, (hall think Chap* l°»

iwpff-	'—''*7'*

VIL And whereas it would be a great relief and advan-	***

tage to the journeymen, tradel'men, and manufadorers, and A pUhlick to the peoy of the city of Dublin, to eftablifh a repolitory, yard f.»r laying ! or publick coal-yard or coal-yards, for fupplying them »n coal* for with coals at moderate prices: be it ena&ed by the au-1 dVjtoty aforefaid, That one or more yard or yards (hall be m^d^uroa, taken at the expence of the publick for the purpofc of lay- and poor vi ! mg in a fufficieut quantity of coals for fupplying the jour-ncymen, tradefmen, and manufacturers, and the poor of the city of Dublin with coals, in the manner, and fub-jed to the regulations and provifiont, herein after m«v

VUI. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, |s lordnuy^* That the laid yard or yards may be taken in fuch cqnve- fhcr>ff»»nd rf * aiept place or places in the city of Dublin, as the lord cordcr, o< say ► mayor, (herifis, and recorder of the laid city, or any three thrc* •**•“**• r qf than fhaH appoint; and that the faid coals (hall bf bought in at tjic publick ex pence, when coals are under firtfry AjUjnyn the tun, and fold out when coals are fold at a fifetr price than eighteen (hillings the tun; and the (aid coah (hall be fold out at a profit of oqf (hilling the tun over, and above the fir ft coft of the coals at the (hip and the expence of carriage from (aid (hip to the publick coal-yard, to foch journeymen, tradefmen, and manufacturers, and to fiich poor of the (aid city, as (hall produce certificates front the mimfter and church-wardens of the refpe&ive parifhes, orhrom the lord mayor, recorder, or any two aldermen of this city, fetting forth the names, trade, or occupation, of fpch perfbq, and the ftreet where he or (he refidcs; which certificates the dire&or (hall enter upon a file or files to be kept for that purpofc; and the quantity of half a barrel, and no more, (hall be fold to any fuch peifoq in oue day.

JX. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That The profit* the profits, anting from the fale of the faid coals, (hall be applied to rents applied towards paying the yearly rents of the faid yard or yards, yards, and tb$ expences for carrying the hud fcheme intq &c execution.

Xf And be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That chief gover. the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors nor< (hall aj> for the time being* (hall appoint one difereet perion to be point a dr<v*or director or fuperiutendant pf fuch coal-yard or coal-yards j t« l»uy coals which faid director or fuperiptendant (hall from time to time onre-bay coals fop fupplying the faid coal-yard or coal-yards, cciver general and (Ml give a upon his Majcfty’s deputy W<riv<*r ge- for tfie amount.

YW'r Y»	- ft

Digitized by

Google

l8

A. D. 1761. Chap. 10.

The fum ad* vanced at v treafury above that paid in by Dire&or not to exceed at any time looool.

Dire&or’s falary 200I.

2 clerks at a falary of 30L each.

Director fworn before lord mayor, and give fecuri-ty, as herein.

Chief governors to appoint a comptroller;

at a falary not above joj1«

Thefirft Ytar rf George III.

neral for the amount of fuch qoals, as he (hall from time to time buy for the purpofe of fupplying the faid yard or yards; which {aid draft fhafi be paid at the treafury, and {hall be allowed the deputy vice-treafurer in his accounts ; and the faid dire&or (hall once in every month pay into the treafury fuch fums of mqney, as (hall be paid into his hands for the fale of the faid coals out of the faid yard or yank.

XI.	Provided always, That the fum fo paid and advanced by the deputy vice-treafurer, over and above tfce fum fo paid in to him by the faid dire&or, (hall not at any time exceed in the whole the fum of ten thoufand pounds.

XII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the faid dire&or (hall be allowed«the yearly falary of two hundred pounds, and (hall have two clerks under him of his own appointment, and for whom he (hall be refponfible ; and that fuch clerks (hall be allowed the yearly falary of thirty pounds each ; for which faid falaries the faid director or clerks (hall find books, paper, pens, and ink, without making any charge for the fame to the publick : and fuch director, before he enters upon his faid office, (hall be fworn before the faid lord mayor, (which oath fie is heceby im-powered to adminifter) faithfully and diligently to execute his faid office 5 and that he will to the bed of his (kill and judgment buy the faid coals at the mod modetate prices in his power ; and that he will not wade or imbezzle any part of the fame, and that he will fairly account for all fuch fums, as he (hall receive by fale of faid coals; and the faid director (hall enter into a bond, with two fufficient fecurities in the penalty of ten thoufand pounds, conditioned for diligently and faithfully executing his faid office, and for accounting for fuch fums of money as he (hall from time to time receive by fale of the faid coals.

' XIII. And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for . the time being, (hall appoint one other diftreet perfon to be comptroller of the accounts and conduct of the faid di-re&or; which faid comptroller {hall have a falary mot exceeding one hundred pounds yearly, anil {hall examine and fettle the accounts of the faid director once in every month, and ‘{hall once in every fortnight at lead infpedt into and carefully examine the ilate and condition of the faid coalyard or coal-yards; and fuch comptroller, before he enters upon his office, {hall be fworn before thelord mayor, (which oath the faid lord mayor is hereby impowered to adminifter) faithfully, diligently. Impartially, to execute' his faid office of comptroller, and (hall with two fufficient fureties enter into a bond of the penalty of two thoufand pounds, condi-

r-‘ * ’	*	tioned

«... .. .*

Digitized by

Google

Lord mayor once a month

The firfi Year 9/ George HI, ed for bis executing his (aid office of comptroller faith-, diligently, and impartially.

XIV.	And be it ena#ed by the authority afbrtfaid, the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or gover-and privy council, may be impowered to call the faid

lot, comptroller, and clerks before them, and to infpe& tomfpcdtL^I books, and to examine into their conduct, and from yxtd*. to time to remove them, or any of them, and to ap-other perfons in their places; and the lord mayor the |aid city is hereby impowered and required once m month at the leaft -to infpeA the faid publkk coal-or coat-yards, and, if he fhall find, that the fane is or are not kept in a proper or regular manner, to fig-the feline to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor governors and privy council.

XV.	And be k enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Dfrrftor (aid dire&or once in every month fhall lay before the lord mayor and board of aldermen of the (aid city his^f,/. boaidof

of account for the faid month ; which fhall contain an uidcrmca -9 account of all coals bought or fold by him or his faid for one month antecedent to the time of laying his books before them; and fhall difiinguifh the names of -perfons from and to whom, and the refpeclivc times , and the prices for which, the fame were bought and which faid accounts fhall be ver (ied by affidavits, to verified by made by the faid director and hia faid clerks; and the a®d*vits, dec. dke&or fhall at the fame time lay before the laid lord or and boan} of aldermen an affidavit from the faid ptyoller, that he believes the (aid accounts have been for the faid month fairly and regularly, and that the direQor has during the faid time demeaned himftlf foith-and diligently in his faid office (which faid affidavits be taken before the faid lord mayor without fee or rt•

1;) and the faid lord mayor and board of aldermen are by impowered, if rhey fhall find it neceflary, to examine dire&or, and his clerks, and the faid comptroller, or of them, upon oath touching the faid accounts, or the. ying or felling of the faid coals, or in any refpeft touch-the execution of the faid feveral offices, or the manage-t of the faid cbal-yard or coal-yards; and the faid lord (nr, recorder, and board of aldermen, qr the majority them, if they find the faid aocounts to be juft and true, i approve of the condu& of the faid feveral officers, are by required to fign their names in the faid books at the of the faid account 5 and if they in any refpeit difap-of the faid accounts, or of the conduct of any of the 1 officers, they ate hereby required to fignify fuch their pprobation to the lord lieutenant, oy other chief gover-qy governors, and privy council,

B i	XVI.	And

Digitized by Google

May make by-laws,

if confirmed in a month by chief governors,

and not repugnant to Alireflions, as by 31 G. 2. 16.

Continuance to 1787, by 19 & 20 G. 3. c. 14. f. 10. and to 1806, by 25 G 3. c. 54- J J

Amended

3 G. 3. c, 27.

5G. 3. c. 15. f.23.

3' G. 3-c 3/. f. 10.

7 he frft Year of George III.

XVI.	And whereas many difficulties may arife in the execution of this fcheme, that cannot now be forefeen: be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid lord mayor, recorder, and board of aldermen, or the majority of them, may make fuch rules apd'by-laws for the better managing and conducing the faid coal-yard, and for the better government of the faid diredor, comptroller, and clerks, as they (hall find ncceffary; and that the fame fhall be as valid and effedual, as if the fame were hereby enaded.

XVII.	Provided always. That the fame (hall, within one month after they are made, be confirmed by the lord lieutenant, or chief governor or governors, and privy council, and oiherwife to b« of no force or effed.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, That the faid by-laws (hall not be repugnant to any of the diredions, given by this a d.

XIX.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all penalties and forfeitures, to be recovered by this ad, (hall be fued and recovered before the recorder of the city of Dublin in a fummary way by the perfon, who (hall firft fue for the fame, in like manner, and with the fame power of appeal, as are direded by an ad of Parliament made in this kingdom the thirty-firft year of his late Ma-jefty King George the fecond, intituled. An ad fer the recovery of fmall debts in a fummary way in the city of Dublin and the liberties thereof; one half to be paid to the perfon, who (hall fue for the fame; the other half to be paid to the faid diredor, towards increafing the fund for carrying the faid fcheme into execution.

XX.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That this ad (hall continue in force for two years from the twenty fifth day of March in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament.

CHAP. XI.

An Act to prevent Abufes committed by fuflices of the Peace,

a ding under the Charters of Cities and Towns Corporate.

Abufes by \T7HEREAS it frequently happens, that great abufes ] . jufticcs a&mg VV are committed by juttices of peace ading under under charters, the charters of cities and towns corporate, and notwit h-c*	(landing fuch abufes it may be a doubt, whether fuch jufli-

ces of the peace fo offending are or may be removeable from their offices, or the execution thereof by any law now in being: for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confeut

ot

Digitized by

The firft Tear of GcOrge in.

P the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this pre-Farliarnent affembled, and by the authority of the fame* at if any fuch juftice (hall wilfully commit any offence ptijuy to his duty as a juft ice of peace, every fuch juf-x (ball upon conri&ion of fuch offence on an information* be 61ed in the court of King's Bench, be for ever dif*

| to a& as a juflicc of the peace for or within fuch city t tewo-corporate, in cafe the court of judge, before whom information (hall be tried, (hall in open court, before : fame is adjourned, certify under his or their hand or nds, that he or they is or are fatisSed with the verdi& given upon fuch information.

IL And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid* tried in , -'bat the trial of all fuch informations (hall be bad in fome ‘"different Jiadifferent county, to be appointed by the court of King's SpoiuitiL ** rjBench.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this a& contain-	Not to ei-

.■*1d, (hall extend to juftices of the peace, who are or (hall *;jfcaeafter be appointed by virtue of any commiflion of the daeace iffued, or to be iffued, by his Majdly, his heirs and King, ceffcrs.

CHAP. XII.

An AS for the Security of Protcjlant Pur chafers.

OR the relief and fecurity of proteftant purchafers, be No file for it enabled by the King's molt excellent Majefty, by f|,Jl a”d valuable Sjjbd wkh the advidte and confent of the lords (piritual and Unjl, f^benefit ^temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, of Jlnd by the authority of the fame, That no fale for a full	impcach-

bfcd valuable confideration of any manors, meffuages, lands, foricitu^rcm ^tenements, or hereditaments, or of any eftate or intereft any to pre-t therein, by any perfon or perfons being reputed owner or vent growth of iowners, or in the poffcffion or receipt of the rents and pro- p°PcrT» «r jits thereof, heretofore made to or for any proteftant pur- m *• Chafer or purchafers, and merely and only for the benefit of |i IT proteftant orproteftants (hall be impeached or avoided for, r or by reafon, or upon pietence of, any of the difabilities, h incapacities, or forfeitures impofed or mentioned in or by " Ae a&s of Parliament made to prevent the further growth of vf/epcry9 or any of them, or in or by an a & of Parliament jjrfTed in this kingdom in the nineteenth year of his late islajefty King George the fecond, intituled, An ad for the Piferg ejfeSual preventing his MajcJlfs fubjeSs from entering into Wjjbreign fervice, and for publijhing an a$ of the feventh year of tJCing William the third, intituled, An aS to prevent foreign jfikeation: nor (hall the manors, mefluages, lands, tene-.aients, or hereditaments, or the eftate or intereft therein, fo

fold,

Digitized by

Google

n

A. D.

1761.

Not to cfFcA judgment or decree.

' The firft Tear of George ITT. fold, 'fee fued for or recovered under the' fkid a&s of ParKa-» ment, or any of them.

II. Provided that nothing herein contained (hall extend to or affe&, or be conftrued to affe^l, any judgment or decree obtained, or any fuit at law or in equity inftituted, on or before the fecond day of March, one tnoufand feven hundred and fixty-two, for the recovery of fuch manors, mef* fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or fuch eitate or intereil therein.

CHAP. XIII.

An A3 for quieting the PoffeJJtons of Proteflants ^ deriving under Converts from the Popifh Religion.

WHEREAS many converts from the popifh to the proteflant religion, as by law eftablifhed, have ne-gletted ftriclly to perform the legal requifites of conformity ; by means whereof many proteflant purchafers, and others, deriving under fuch converts, may be affedled: for remedy whereof be it enabled by the King's moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament af-No proteftart iembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the title derVconv«t!l1* aD^ ^rote^ant to anY e&atc or intereil in any lands, te-afleuSted try not nements, or hereditaments, heretofore derived from or un-periorming ltgal dcr any convert by purchafe, or otherwise, fhall not be iin-requrfite*. peached, or in any wife affected, by reafon or means of any omiffion or negle& of fuch convert in performing the legal requifites of conformity : provided fuch convert did obtain the bifhep’s certificate of his or her conformity, and from and after the obtaining of the fame profeffed the proteflant religion, and was, and continued a proteflant Perfons ob- U* And be it further enabled by the authority aforc-taining hilhop’s laid, That all fuch perfons as have heretofore obtained the certificate, bifhop's certificate of their conformity, and from and after tettants ^F°"	obtaining	of the fame have profefied the proteflant re-

ligion, and have continued proteflants, and have not performed all the other legal requifites of conformity, and fhall perform the fame before the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty three, fhall, from the time of his having filed the bifhop’s certificate of his or her conformity froir. the popifh to the proteflant religion, be deem-'	ed, and taken to be, proteflants of the eftablifhed church to,

all intents and purpofes.

Nottoaffcd III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, a jiu’^mcnt or fhall impeach, or in any wile affect, any judgment or decree

'	mstde

Digitized by L,ooQle

The firft Ttmr of George III. lot given in any court of law or equity, or any a&joa ifuit commenced, before the twenty fifth day of March, Vthoufand feven hundred and fixty two, and now depend-p but that all fuch judgments and decrees (hall remain tbc in fuch like force, and all fuch adions and fuits (haU i may be prpfecuted in fuch manner, as if this ad had : been made ; -any thing herein contained to the contrary

CHAP. XIV.

fifnAfffor preventing Frauds and Abufes in the vending, prt* paring, and adminjfiring Drugs and Medicines.

WHEREAS many moft dangerous and dcftrudive frauds and abufes are daily committed in the rend->reparing, and adminiflring of drygs and medicines: remedy whereof, be it enaded by the King’s moft exccl-Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent ment aftcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, bom and after the firft day of May, in the year of .Jpr Lord one thoufimd feven hundred and fixty two, the ^Wfidents, cenfors, and fellows of the King and Queen’s t^Wcge of phy(ician8, Ireland, (hall have full power and au-ylkoty to enlarge the number of their body by admitting ritto the feDowfhip of their body fuch and fo many other '.parsed and worthy dodors of phyfic, as the laid prefi* cenfors, and fellows of the (aid college of phyfi-[•"tpqt ftiall from time judge neceflary and nt to be ad-* fitted upon due examination by ele&ion of the laid col-i pge of phyficians.

[' in II. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-- 4id, That the faid prefident, cenfors, and fellows of the (aid !~'4bILege of phyficians, may have full power and authority to r'ded and appoint four of the fellows or members of their ; Indy to be infpedors and examiners of all elaboratories, i jfteps, ware, or ftore-houfes, cellars, vaults, room or rooms, lail of all other repofitories of what kind or name foever §ti may be, in the houfe or houfes or other place or ; beloagingto any apothecary, chemift, or druggift, or perfon or perfons whatsoever, who now do or hercaf*

■ (hall import for fale, or buy and fell, pr keep for that fc, or who prepare, adminiftfcr, or fell, or keep for purpofes, any drug, or fimple or compound medi-of what nature or denomination foever, which i# '.[4f may be ufed as medicine for the health of man’s bo-withia the city of Dublin and ten miles circuit

III. And

9 G. t. fa ■ 9 G. t I $• 21 G. s. 7.

32 H. 8. 40.

10 O. ljtO.

£*6ollege of phjrflcufu msy enlarge their number.

And ippoinf 4 members in-fnedort of mops Jtc.

Digitized by LjOOQle

Notice to Return % affiftantt. ,

7be firft Tmr df GroVgt III.

III. Awl be it further enabled by the authority afbrefiud Thafrtke faid coUege of phyficians (hall, within three day* after electing the infpe&ors dr examiners aforesaid, give notice in writing to the mailer and wardens of the corporation df apothecaries of the city of Dublin, thatfthe faid college has chofcn four of its members as infpe&ors and ex-amkiers of drags and medicines purfuant to this a&, and requiring the faid corporation to ele& and appoint two ©£ the moft fkilful and honeil apothecaries of their faid corporation as affiftants to the (aid ekafriiners, and to return their names and places of abode to the faid college of phyficians within three days 'after fueh notice (hall he givtn in writing as aforefaid ; which faid eleAion or appointment of two af-fiilant apothecaries (hall neverthelefs be fubje&ed to be exempted tegttinft or approved of by the (aid college of phyfi-danS; and that whensoever the faid college of phyfidans (hall objefl to the return 6f both or either of the alfift* ant apothecaries, made to them as aforefaid, the faid corpo-H	ration	-of apothecaries (hall be obliged, upon notice from tbe

faid college of phyficians as aforefaid, to come to a new deft ion and nomination, and to make a new return as aforefaid, in the room of both or either of the perfoas, fo difap-proved of by the faid college of phyficians.

On neglcA l>y IV. Provided alwayte, and be it further ena&ed by the exaimn jtorsma * authority aforefaid. That if the faid corporation of apothe-procecd ^without (}ar'es (hotilfl negle& to ek£y appoint, or return fuch afiift-ant apothecaries ; or in cafe the faid ele&ed, appointed,, or returned, or afliftant apothecaries (hould refufe or negle& to Come to the faid phyficians upon doe notice as aforefaid, it may and (hall be lawful for the faid examining phyficians to ptoce d wkhout them.

V. And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid. That the four phyficians, appointed by the faid college of phyficians ate aforefaid , ftall be the vifitors, infpe6tors, and e^athineite <ff the (hops, ware-houfes, ftore-houfes, ^laboratories, rooms, cellars, vaults, or other places of repofito-ries, where drugs, or (impk or compound medicines, of * any denomination or kind whatfoever,	made, - prepared,

adminiftered, or expo fed to fale, or kept for that purpofe, and the examiners of aU fuch drugs and medicines, as (hall be found therein within the city of Dublin or liberties thereof, or within ten miles circuit thereof; and that the ibid two apothecaries returned by the corporation of apothecaries, and approved of by the (aid college of phyficians, •‘IbjiSf be affiftaufcs to the faid four phyficians in the execution of the powers herein after granted by this a&; which faid four inipe&ors urtd examiners with the faid two affif-tant apothecaries fhafi fem ibr one year only,-tod not to be

liable

4

them.

Said four rb.yficians {hall be vifitors. &c.

Digitized by kjOOQle

The Jhfi That of George HI.	25

$sbfe to be appointed again for three years after without theif A. D. jSwrn coofent.	1761.

‘j VI. And be k further enaded by the authority afore- Chap. 14. 'fold, That it may and faf) be lawful for the faid prefident,

E ctnlbrs, and Mows oCfaid college of phyfidam to film- The college [' ntoa before them the fptf fellows or other members of ^^J^g® their body, appointed infpe&ors and examiners as afore* ^ f had, and the fold two apothecaries, appointed affiftants as m oath. it aforefaid, and to admiftiner to each and every of them, the [{Mowing oath:

'!	/A.	B.	do	folemnfy end fncerely promfi and jvoear, that

I noil! to the befl of my knowledge, Jkw, and judgment, with* oat hatred or evi! will, without partiality, affedion, favour, or fear, jujtty, equally, and faithfully dofeharge the truft, and * ettecutetbe powers, vfled in me by an ad, intituled. An ad for preventing frauds and abafes in the vending, preparing, and admmijhermg drugs and medicines.

So help me God.

VII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Two find. That the (aid examiners, or any two of them, with *ith 00c" the laid affiitant apothecaries, or one of them, (hall have	(hall

full power and authority, and are hereby required, four examine drugs* atkaft in the year or oftner, if they (1*11 fee oc- TdSft. canon, in the day-time to enter and infpett all and every |y prepared, to (hop, ware or ftore-houfe, cellar, vault, room or rooms, be destroyed, elaboratories, or other repofitories, of what kind or denomination foever, appertaining to apothecaries, chcmifts, druggifls, or other porfon or perfons whatfoever, who now do or hereafter (hall buy and fell, expofe to fale, or keep for that pUTpofe, any manner of drugs, iimple or compound medicines, ufed or to be ufed for medicines for the hcakh of man’s body, and therein ftri&ly to fearch for, and fully and fairly to examine, the nature and quality of all and every kind of drug, fimple or compound medicine.

Or chemical preparation, ufed or to be ufed for medicine as aforefaid; and in cafe the faid examiners (hall (ind in foch fearch and infpe&ion any kind of drug, (imple or -compound medicine, or chemical preparation, which to the bed of their judgments (hall appear unfound, corrupt, adulterated, or unfaithfully, difhondlty, or unfkilfully compounded, or other wife prepared fo as to be rendered un-vfcolefotne or unfit to be ufed as medicine for the health of ttian’s body, all and every drug and medicine by the faid examiners adjudged corrupt or defective, as aforefaid, to condemn and Seize upon, and fee burned, or otherwife totally deftroyed, by the hands of the beadle of the faid college of phyiicians, or any other perfon or perfons by

Digitized by LiOOQle

26	The firft Tear ef George III.

A. D. the examiners for the time being appointed for that pur*

1761. pofe.

Chap.	VIII. Provided neverthfclefs, and be it further ena&ed

**~*t^>fmm**J by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the faid examiners* th^examin^ ^ maj0r Part them, fhall condemn any drugs or of drugs or	medicines as unfit to be adminiftered or uied in medicine for

medicines. the health of man’s body, and that the owner or owners* poffeffor or poffeffors, of fuch drugs or medicines, or, in his abfence, the perfon having the cuftody or chief care thereof, fhall, before the burning or deftroying thereof, infift that the fame ought not to be burned or deftroyed, and fhall forthwith by writing under his or their hands appeal to and defire the judgment of the prefident, cenfors, and fellows of the faid college of phyficians in Dublin for the time being thereupon, then and in fuch cafe the faid examiners fhall caufe the faid drugs cur medicines, fo feized, to , be weighed, and with the boxes, pots, glafTes, or other vef-fels containingthe fame, and the reafo.us in writing for condemning thereof, fubferibed by each of the faid examiner* condemning the fame, to be then and there put into a box, and fealed with their refpe&ive feals of each of the faid examiners, and the feal of the perfon or perfons fo infilling, if fuch perfon or perfons fhall think fit to put his or their feal thereto; which box, fo fealed, the examiners for the time being fhall commit to the care and cuftody of the beadle of the faid college of phyficians, where it fhall remain for any time not exceeding fourteen days; within which time the prefident of the college of phyficians fhall fummon an affembly or meeting of the cenfors, and other fellows and members of their college or body, in the ufual manner of fummoning fuch meetings or affemblies, whereof the owner or poffeffor of the faid condemned drugs and medicines fhall have four days notice in writing, to be given or left to or for the perfon or perfons, by or for whom fuch appeal was made, at the place where the condemned drugs or medicines were found, that he or they may attend the faid meeting, if he or they fhall think fit; and that the prefident, cenfors, and fellows, fo afTembled, (hall . have power and authority, being no lefs in number than five, exclufive of the faid examiners, to open fuch box from time to time in the prefence of the perfon or perfons, by or for whom fuch appeal was made, if he or they fhall there appear, and in default of their appearance (due notice being giyen as aforefaid) then without him or them, and to proceed to examine, and finally determine concerning fuch drugs and medicines as aforefaid contained therein ; and if the faid prefident and affembly, being not lefs in number than as aforefaid, or the major part thereof, confirm

Digitized by L,ooQle

i	tlx	firft	Tear	tf	George III.

* firm rod ratify the judgment of the faid examiners, then i'the faid examiners for the time being (hall caufc all fuch y drugs aud medicines as aforefaid, fo condemned, and veffels I containing the fame, to be publickly burned, or other*ife I deftroyed, before the doors of the perfon or perfons, in ** whofe (hop, laboratory, warc-houfe, or room, the (ame were found, in fuch mannef, and at fuch time, as the (aid examiners for the time being (hall think fit and direct: i - provided the (aid p re G dent, cenfors, and fellows, (hall firft 5, take the oath herein before preferibed, which the prefident ft; is hereby required to take, and impowered and required to * adminifter.

A. D.

1761. Chap. 14,.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by th* |fpo|c<|K

. authority aforefaid, That if or in cafe the drugs or medi- demnsd in 14 - ones feized by the examiners, (hall not be condemned day* returned.

; within fourteen days by the faid aflembly or prefident, cen-fbrs, and fellows, or (hall be deemed found and good, and meet to be adminiftered as medicines for the health of man’s body, that then the (aid drugs and medicines (hall be immediately returned to the owner together with the boxes, pots, giafles, or other veffels, wherein the (ame are contained, fafe and in good condition, without wafle^or other . damage whatfoever.

X.	And be it furtber enabled by the authority aforefaid, If eximinm, That in cafe any apothecary, chemift, druggift, or other lrc'®hftr’^> perfon or perfons, who now do or hereafter (hall buy and fell, P*0411* expofe to (ale, or keep for that purpofe, any drug, fimple or compound medicine, or chemical preparation, ufed or to

be ufed for medicine, (hall prefume to ob(lru&, let, or mo-. left the (aid examiners, or their afliftant or affiftants, bea-dk or beadles, or other fervant or fervants, in the execution of this a&, or any part thereof, that every fuch offender in this cafe (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds.

XI.	And for the better ascertaining the nature and qua- Sa‘d college

^ iities, and the doles, and ufes, of all drugs, fimple and com-™^ ol dru** or pound medicines, and chemical preparations, he it furtber firap|r mc<uL ena&td by the authotity aforefaid, That it may be lawful ciuct, with •> for the (aid prefident, cenfors, and fellows of the college ofruI<:* f°r phyficians for the time being, to frame and publifh a code^1®*t4cm* or pharmacopoeia, containing a catalogue of fuch drugs or fimple medicines, as they (hall judge neceffary for the prescriptions or ufes of phyficians and chirurgeons, toge-I ther with forms and rules foi preparing and compounding t the fame chemically and galenically, a? they (hall judge fit t	and neceflary, for the practice of phyfick and chirurgery,

'	dire&ing not only the form and manner, but the various

veffels and other utenfils, and the mateiiak of which fuch

veffels

If apothecaries, &.C. make or fell other official preparation*, by any other rules, than l'o appointed, penalty tol.

Utenfih found contrary to faid code, dellroyed.

Not to extend to importer.

To prevent abufes in preparing and vending drugs, chief magiftrate, Sec. may infpe& (hops, feize and deftroy, as aforefiud.

The firfi Ymr tf George III*

▼efliels or utenfils (hall be rcfpe&ively made or comp ofed, ax alfo the meafures, weights, and feales, by which all fuch medicinal drugs, preparations, and compofitions (hall be difpenfed and fold; which laid code or pharmacopoeia (hall be followed and observed by all and every apothecary, chc-mift, druggift, and other perfon or perfons, who now do or hereafter (hall prepare, adininifter, fell, expofe to fale, or keep for that purpofe, any kind of drug, Ample or conrw pound medicine, or chemical or other medicinal preparation whatfoever, throughout this kingdom.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any apothecary, ehemift, or druggift, or other perfon or perfons, who now do or hereafter (hall make, prepare, compound, fell, expofe to fale, or keep for that purpofe, any kind of drug, or medicinal preparation, or compound whatfoever, (hall prefume to make, prepare, compound, difpenfe, or fell any other officinal preparations or compofitions, or make up any extemporaneous preferipi tion of any phyfipian or chirurgeon in this kingdom, by any other form or rule, in any other utenfils, or by any other meafures or weights, then (hall be fo directed and appointed by the faid college of phyficians, fuch offender (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the; fum of ten pounds Jkrling ; unlefs where the contrary is or (hall be di-re&ed by fome regular pra&itioner, and that for his own private ufe folely.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That the aforefaid examiners may ant (hall examine the feveral utenfils, meafures, feales, and weights in all and every place or places, where any kind of drugs or medicinal preparations or compounds are fold, prepared, or compounded for fale, expofed to fale, oy kept for that purpofe, and feize and deftrey all fuch utenfils, meafures, weights, and feales, as they (hall find contrary to the rules n or dire&ions of the faid code or pharmacopoeia, or other-wife defe&ive or unlawful; faving to the delinquent the benefit of an appeal to the college of phyficians, as in the cafe of condemned drugs or medicines as aforefaid.

XIV.	Provided nevertbelefs, That this ad, or any part thereof, (hall not be conllrued to extend to any merchant-adventurer, who (hall import fimple drugs or medicines for fale, and does not prepare, compound, or retail the fame.

XV.	And for the better preventing and punifhing frauds and abufes in the preparing, compounding, and vending of drugs and medicines in the more remote parts of this kingdom; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it may and (hall be lawful for the chief magiftrate of every city, borough, or town corporate for the time being, unlefs he or they happen to follow the art, bufipefs, or occu-

'	pationc

Digitized by L,ooQle

Thifrftremr #/ &orge HI.	*9

pit ion of to apothecary, chemift, wr druggiff* in afl or A« D. any of their branches, and then for the fherias of any cky, 1761. or any two juftices of the peace of any cky, or for any two Chap. 14. judices of the peaceof a county, who lirajneareft to any ^ borough or any town, whofe chief magiibmfappensto fol-tow the art, bufinefs, or occupation of an apdtfeecary, che-mid, or druggill, or in the towns, where no magHbate re-fkk*, to fummon any two or more do&ors of phyfick, graduates of Oxford, Cambridge, Edinburgh, or of any other aaiverfity of Great Britain, Leyden, or' Dublin, or licentiates of the King and Queen’s College of Phyfkrians in Ireland, ami to admin ifter to each and every of tbton the examiner’s oath herein before mentioned; which phyfkrians fo fummoned or fworn, being no kfs than two in number, with the chief magiHrate of the city or town dull have full power and authority to fearch and infped all and every ffcbp, (lore or ware-houfe, elaboratory, or other repository, of all and every apothecary, chemiil, and druggift, and of all and every perfon or perfons, who now do or hereafter (ball prepare, compound for (ale, feH, expofe to fide, or keep for that purpofe, any kind of drug, fimpic or compound medicine, chemical or other preparation, vfed or to be ufed for medicine, and to examine all fuch drugs aod medicines together with all the utenfiis, m: afore (calcs,

, and weights, and to drize and deftroy all fiich drugs and , medicines, utenfiis, meafures, fcale.t, and weights, as they (hall find, and adjudge unfonad, adulterate, corrupt, unwbol-fome, defective, or otherwife unlawful; faring oeveitbdeft to the party the benefit of an appeal to the college of phyficians in Dublin.

XVI. And in cafe the owner of any drug or medicine. On appeal,

or the perfon acting for him in his abfenoe, (hall appeal to | the college of phyficians, be it ena&ed by the authority I aforeiaid. That a fample or famples of the drug or raedi-1 cine, fo condemned, under the faic of the examiners, as f well as the owner or owners, if he or they (hall think pro-| per, be fent with all convenient fpeed by the chief magif-jy Irate, prefent at fuch examination and condemnation, to the r college of phyficians m Dublin, who (hall be fully impowered [ and authorized finally to determine the fame. And iu cafe | the faid college of phyficians (hall confirm the judgment of I the faid examiners, it may and (hall be lawful for the chief magilfrate to burn, or otherwife deftroy, the reft and refi-due 6f the drygs and medicines, fofeized, at the offender’s door upon a market xlay ; and alfo to oblige the laid offender f to pay for the carriage of the faid fample or famples, and ap-i, peal to tlie college of phyficiaiw, any fum, not exceeding fo rty (hillings: but in cafe the faid college of phyficians to all not affirm the judgment of th? fkid examiners on the

condemnation

That marks may be fet on offenders, vand examiners (hail make return of the (hops ▼ill ted.

No apothecary, &c fhalllcll one medicine for another, penalty 40s.

The firft Ttar of George III. condemnation of any drug or medicine, then within twenty four hours after the judgment of the college of phyUciaira (hall be known, the chief magiftrate (hall publickly reftore the drugs and medicines, fo condemned and feized, without wafte or other damage.

XVII.	And to the intent that marks mky be fet upon all and every perfon or perfons offending in the preparing, *d-miniftring, vending, importing, expofmg to foie, or keep' ing for that purpofe, for the fatisfa&ion and fafety as well of thofe who have occafion to confume, as of thofe who prescribe, medicines 5 be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefafd, That the feveral examiners, appointed by this may and (hall make due returns, after every exercife of the powers veiled in them by this a£, to the prefident, cenfors, and fellows of the college of phyiicians in Dublin, fettinjj forth the name and place of abode of every apothecary, che-miit, druggilt, or othq* perfon, whofe fhop, elaboratory, ftore or ware-houfe, or other repofitory* they have vilited and examined, together with the ftate and condition of the drugs and medicines in all and every fuch (hop, elaboratory, ware or ftore-houfe, or other repofitory, and how the fame are furnifhed as wdl with drugs and medicines, as with fit utenfils and lawful meafures, feales, and weights, as alfo the ftate and condition of fuch drugs and medicines, as they have been called to examine in the hands of importers or nter-» cliants,

XVIII.	And whereas many fraudulent and unfkilful apothecaries, chemifts, or druggifts, daily 'prefume to fell one drug or medicine for another, as well as to omit fundry ingredients in Ihop-compofitions and extemporaneous pre-feriptions, or to fubftitute one drug or medicine for ano-thei*, to the great detriment of the buyers or patient, as yvell as the' preferiber: for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no apothecary, chemift, drug-* gift, or other perfon or perfons whatsoever, who now do, or hereafter fhall prepare or compound, fell, or expofe to fale, or keep for that purpofe, any fimple or compound medicine, chemical or other medicinal preparation whatsoever, fhall from and after the commencement of tliiq adl fdl any drug or medicine in the place or dead of another without informing the buyer thereof of the change, and the reafon or rteceflify for fo doing, giving the fame in writing, if demanded. ' And that no apothecary, chemift, druggift, or other perfon or perfons, who now do or hereafter (hall prepare, difpenfe,. or compound, fell, expofe to fale, or keep for that purpofe, any drug or medicine whatfoever, fhall prefume to fubftitute any one ingredient for another, or to omit or leave out any one ingredient in any officinal op_ ^ther cOmpofition, or extemporaneous preferiprion, without

the

Digitized by Google

Tbeqand*

5The frfl Tear of Gwrge III. t .the approbation or leave of the college of phyficknt til v Dublin, or of the immediate preferibers of (uch corapofi-f* *icm or extenqroraneous prefeription la Dublin, or dfewhere,

;* or without fignifying on the cover or label of foch medi-■ cine the omiffion or lubftitiitr, and the realbn or neceffity L for making the lame, under the penalty of forty (hillings v ferBng for every fuch impofition, orniflion, or fub&hote, proved by the confeilion of the party, or by the oath of One or more credible witnefo or witaefles before the chief . jnagiftrate of the town, where fuch offence (hall be com* pitted, or before the next juftices of the peace, or going judge of affixe, where no other civil magillratc (hall happen Co be refident.

XIX.	And in order to prevent the incertaintics and dangers, which may attend the fetting down the quantities of tie* of every in* Medicines in chemical and numeral charaders in prcfcrip-PT^™ m any tions ; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every	^	**

jphyfidan, cbirurgeon, or other perfon or perfons, who trow WOnfc, do or hereafter (hall take upon him or them to preferibe penalty 40s. internal or eaternal remedies for the health of man’s body in this kingdom, (hall hereafter write or fet down the .

;	quantity or quantities of ail and every medicine or in-

* gtedient* wisely fimple or compound, which he or they any recipe, formula, or prefeription, in ak length, aid not in chemical or numeral cha-\u*fer the penalty of forty (hillings for every fuch

otatASbti/

, XX. And be it further enaded by the authority Pfcyfidu, aforefaid, That all and every phyfidan, chirurgeon, or other kc. dull (W>-perfon or perfons taking upon him or them to preferibe [	Sicines, whether for internal or external ufe or application aunt or

for the health of man’s body, (hall fubfenbe every fuch letters.

»•	prefeription with his name or fumame, or the initial let-

ters of his name and fumaroe, and with tbofe alfo of his profeffion, whether phyficiau or cliirurgeon, and, if a phy-m fician, with the name or the initial letter of the name of the univerfity or univerfities, of which he is a dodor, or other ( graduate in phyiick, under the penalty of forty (hillings for every omiffion, urJefs he be a member of the royal college of * phyficians; in which cafe the initial letters of his name alone may be fufficient.

XXI.	And in order to prevent the dangerous and defbrue- fo prevent tive predict* of the promilcuous keeping, handling, prepsr-preparing nosing, and vending fundey dc let cry or noxiuus drugs. Dot *•“» drug*, (afely ufed or to be ufed as medicines, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the commencement of this ad no apcTt^cary, cfiemift, drnggift, or other perfon or perfons whatsoever, who now do or hereafter (hall prepare, admiaitier, or Jtcll, expofe to (ale, or keep for that * ‘	’	purpwfc.

Digitized by t^ooQle

gt	Tht fir ft Year of George III.

A. D. purpofe, any dpugs, dm pie or compound medicines, or che-l ^51 %	micai or other preparations, ufed or to be ufed for medicine®

Chap. 14.	keep, handle, powder, or other wife prepare, weigh®

ymeafiire, or fell, expofe to fale, or keep for that purpose® any arfenick, whether white or yellow arfenick, or orpU ment, or red arfenick, or realgar, or any other arfenical preparation or compofition, in the fame (hop, elaboratoryy ware, or ftore-boufe, cellar, vault, room or rooms, or other place or places, or repofitories, of what denomina-*

• tion or kind whatfoever, or in any mortar, meafure, or {bales, where any drug, fimple or compoimd medicine, chemical, or other preparation, ufed or to be ufed as medicine* for the health of man’s body, are kept, handled, difpenfed* powdered, prepared, meafured, weighed, fold, expofed to fale, or kept for thefe purpofes, under the penalty of five pounds for every fuch offence, or repetition or continuance ’	.of	fuch offence.

XXII.	And for the better preventing the dangerou# ever or runcing . , n	r	•	r	«•	&	,

rtitdicines-with arifcroctive practice ot tmlelling, or covenng, or otner-

hrafs or topper^ wife difguifing ele&uaries, bolus, pills, or other medicines® penalty 40s. ^ with unwhoifome metallick leaves, or powders, be it enadU ed by the authority aforefaid, That no apothecary, ch&r miff, druggift, or other perfon or perfons, who now do or hereafter (hall prepare, adminifter, fell, or expofe tp fide, OF keep for that purpofe, any drugs, fimple or compound 'medicine, chemical or other medicinal preparation, (hall henc&T forth prefume to tinfel over, cover, or otnerwife difguife® or mix with any electuary, bolus, pill, powder, or other drug or medicine, any leaves, powders, or other preparation* of copper or brafs, called Dutch metal, Dutch leaves, or Dutch gold, or under whatfoever denomination they may be known or adled, under the penalty of forty (hillings fter■» ling for every fuch offence.

Penalties re- XXIII. And be it further enadled by the authority afore-r covered, &c. - laid, that all the penalties inflidted by this adl may be fued for and recovered in a fummary way before the lord mayor and recorder of the city of Dublin, or the mayor, or other . chief magiftrate, and recorder, of any other city or town corporate, where fuch offences are or (hall be committed®

*	who	are hereby impowered and authorized to hear and de**

termine the fame, and to levy fuch penalties by diilrefs and , fale of the offender’s goods, returning the overplus to the owner (if any be) the charges of taking and difpofing of the goods fo diftrained being the firft deducted; one moi-' ety of which faid penalties, when recovered, (hall be applied by the college of phyficians in Dublin, and by the chief magiftrate and examining pjhyficians in other cities and towns corporate, for the purchasing medicines for the .	uic

Digitized by kjOOQle

‘fix' Jtrjt Yutr ©ebrgfe nL dfcdf A*poor; add*the other nsbiety rbetubf fordfe ufi? A. O. of the in farther*.	1761.

XXIV.	Provided afwayfc, attd tfe it fiftth<¥ ftiaffteif by*

tfe* authority a&re&id, That if afny perfori or petfood CmenT iflW.

&att at arty' time* be fued of piUfetutcd for putting1 m c& plcwUd.

edition- any powft of authority given by thsa aft, or any

piitr thereof, fuch period or perions (hall or may pleacP

the genetai- ifluf, and1 give this aft and the fpcciad matter in1

evidence.

XXV.	And be if further* en&fted by the authority afore- Thisspnbiick laid. That this'aft (hall be1 deemed, and U&en', attd is hehe- t&.

by declared, tobea'pubhek aft to all intents and purposes,

and1 (hallbe-judicially takennotice of and allowed afrfuch in* Continaancc

aMcoUrta withinthtf kingdom by all* judges and juftices-wbat- by *• “d 12 O.

foetef without fpedaDy pleading the fame : and that this1	*°L

prefeur aft'(hall continue in forte for the tetm of thneeyears, G 3 i^i. f 3*

aod from thence* to the end of the* then nefct feffionof Ru1* and to 24 jane

liamentj and*no4onacft	>787 by ai

^	v	40.

CHAR XV.

p. jo G. 3. C. 45. £ it.

An AS' frt'akcring ]awd amending ati AS of Parliament paJjexP urtkt fevemb Vetur of the Reign of bis late Majejfy King* George' tie fctond> intituled, AH AS'for repdiring the4 Road leading' from* tbt Bridge over the Bann-lVatet', corn* sntmfj* coiled' the BatOPBridge in the County of DoHunf t<rtbei Team of Bdfajbist the County of Antrim.

WHfiR-EAS ptrriuaflttoanaft of Parfianient, palled 7 G» *•

in the feventh year of therefgn of his* late Majefty ap^aded 23,^24 King? George the fettrad* intituled, An aS for repairing the C#* road leading from the1 bridge over the Bhm-*umter, comtoonly called'the Banndsridge in the county cf Qown 'y to the tovm of Befaft in the county of Antrim, the truflees in the faid aft named have borrowed the fum of four thoufand nine hundred and twenty pounds ferling, and have applied the fame to the ufes direfted by the faid aft : but it hath been found by experience, that the tolls, levied puriuanl to the faid* aft, are not fufficient to difeharge the interett of the principal money fo borrowed, and' to keep the faid road in repair, and anfwer the other neceffary expences attending the' execution of, and intended to be provided for bv, the faid*' aft : neither by reafon of fome defefts in the faid aft hate the laid truftees been able to enforce the application of the two days parifh-labour, appropriated thereby to the repair’ of the faid road ; informich that a confiderable arreinr of in-tereft1 is now due upon the faid money, and the faid road is * now greatly out of repair, and alfo fevtral of the gates, erefted thereea-fopcttte&iftgKhe^tolk^pur&aftt -to-the faid4 Vol. V.	C	aft#

Digitized by v^ooQle

A. D.

1761. Chap. 15.

Tolls tor be

taken, iuftead of tliofe by

33.

Befidts the exemptions from foils in 7-3.

one-aorfc cars (ball pay only half, dee.

7*h firft Tear 9/ George III. aft, have by unknown perfons, riotoufly aflembled, been pulled down and deftroyed ; by all which means, and the. (hortnefs of the term in the (aid aft mentioned for the continuance thereof* and the great length of the faid road,, which render* it inconvenient for the trainees, who live near the different part* thereof, to affemble together, there is great danger that the end, by the faid aft propofed, Of put--ting and keeping the faid road m proper repair, may be dif-appointed, andalfo that the feveral perfons, who have lent their money on the credit and (ecurity of the faid aft, may lofe the fame ; for remedy thereof, be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confentof the lords Spiritual and temporal and commons in: this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of May next in-. Head of the tdlls and duties art prefent payable on the faid road, the following lhailbe received and taken: (that is to fay) for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, if drawn by fix horfes, or other cattle of any kind, the fum of one (hilling and fix pence ; and if drawn by any* lefs number of fuch cattle than fix, and more than two, then the fum of one (hilling ; but if drawn by two only of. fuch cattle, then the fum of dx pence ; for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with four wheels, the fum of ten (hillings ; for every wain,’ cart, or carnage with two wheels, drawn by more than two horfes or other cattle of any kind, the fum of two (hillings and lix pence v for every eart or other carriage, drawn by one or two horfes or other cattle, the fum of four pence ; for every carriage, commonly called chair or chaife, drawn by one horfe or other bead, the fum of three pence; for every earr or other fuch carriage,' drawn by one horfe or other bead, the fum of one penny halfpenny, except carrs leaden with turf, and for each of them one penny ; and for every horfe or other bead loader* with turf, and not drawing, one halfpenny ; for every other horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing* oae penny ; for every drove of oxen or other neat cattle the fum of one (hilling and eight pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or 1 offer number ; for every drove of calves, fvvine, (beep, or lambs, the fv.m of five pence by the (core, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer number.

II. Provided neverthelefs, That beficLe the exemptions from tolls, in the faid-former aft mentioned, for every ca.tr drawn by one horfe, paiSng or travelling on the faid road, the tire of the wheels of which (hall exceed three inches in breadth at the foie thereof, and be put on with broad or rofe-hended nails, no more than half of the tolls before mentioned (hall he paid; and that all waggon, cart3, carrs, or

carriages

Digitized by

Google

71# Jtrft Ytar of George TIT.	3	j

carriages with two or with four wheels, and drawn by any A. D. number of horfes whatsoever, (hall be exempted and excufed 1761. from paying any of the faid tolls, provided the tire of the Chap. 15. faid wheels fhall exceed feven inches in the breadth thereof ; any thin^r in this or the faid former aft to the contrary not-withilandmg.

III. And be it further enafted by the authority afore* fniftees ao-faid. That from and after the time aforrfaid the governor pointed for «• and the cvffos rotulorum of the county of Down, the go-eating this ad, vernor and cvftos rotulorum of the county of Antrim, the right reverend the lord bifhops of Down and Connor and of Dromore, the knights of the (hire for the counties of Down and Antrim, and the burgeffes in Parliament for the boroughs of Hill/borough in the county of Down, and Lif-bum and Belfaft in the county of Antrim; the lords of the manors of Gill-Hall, Dromore, Hillfborough, Caftle-reagh. Slat u rib, Drumbracklin and Holy wood in the county of Down, and of Kilultagh and Belfad in the county of Antrim, the juflices of the peace for the counties of Down and Antrim lefpeftively, the dean of Dromore, the archdeacon of Down, and his refident curates at Hillfborough,

Drumbo and Drumbeg, all in the county of Down respectively, the reftors of the parifhes of Dromore and of Knock and Bredagh in the county of Down, and of Lif-burn in the county of Antrim, and the refident curate of each of them, the vicar of the parifh of Shankill, otherwife Belfafl, in the county of Antrim, and his refident curate, and the ricar of the parifh of Seapatrick in the county of Down, and his refident curate, the feveral fenefchals of the (aid manors of Gill-Hall, Dromore, Hillfborough, Cadle-reagh, Slatueik, Drumbracklin, Holywood, Kilultagh and Belfafl, and the Sovereigns of Hillfborough and of Belfafl aforefaid all for the time being, (hall be trullecs for executing the feveral powers contained herein and alfo in the faid former aft, fo far as the fame is not altered hereby ; and that from and after the fird day of May next the power and authority, as trudecs under the faid former aft, of all perfont named therein, or fince appointed purfuant thereto, (hall ceafe and determine, and (hall be only veded in the faid trustees hereby appointed, and their fuccedors for the time being, to be by them ufed and exerciled in fuch particular manner, . and under fuch redriftions and limitations, as are herein particularly mentioned ; and that the faid trudees be divided faid trufttes and into three committees, and the faid road into three di- road divided into vifions; that the fird of the faid committees (hall confid of fnddhddw m the governor and cujlos rotulorum of the county of Down, herein, the bidiops of Down and Connor, and of Dromore, the knights of the (hire for the faid county of Down, and the burgeffes in Parliam^it of the faid botough of Hillfborough,

C a	lU

Vtar afi Geprge III, -

% of thef^d ^pp o(	p*on^	^4

HUllbQropgh, the juftic^ o( the pe^ce for fcifl cdi^nty, °f Do^n» thedecuiof IVomore, the ^cl^e^onof pp\vp, -aqdiVa refj^ept cerate at Hillf^rough afpr^ fajd, the. tefto.r °C Wffe «ff4 m 'rd^dojt curat^ %	of'4?p^

trick, and his rcfident curate, the lenefchals o( th$ fyid, • m^nor^oif GJU-Halh D,rorpore, ^nd H-iUiboro^igh^ and the fo.Yereign o( Hillibprough aforefaicL all for t^e tim£ b§ing ; . that the fecond o( fuchi qommittys V^alfconftft o£ the. gova;-nor and cujlo^ rptulpr^um^ of ^e. (aid county of ppwu, tbit bifhop of v'o\yn apd (punnor, ttye knight^ of the. {hjrq w the faidi county pf Down, and hurgeftcs ip parliament fo^ the Caid boroughs of	iiturn and Beliafj;, the lords, of tVp

for the faid county of* Down; the archdeacon qf Dowo^ and, his refident curates of Drumbp and Drumheg afordaic^ refpe&jvely, the redtor or Li {turn aforefaid, and hi* refident curate, the re dor of Knoc^ and Bredagh afore^id^ amf his refident curate, the yicar, of	aforqfajd?	ap^C

his refident curate ; the fenefchajs^ of the find manors o£ Kjljultagh, Cafllereagh, and SlatUjqih, PrumbrackJip,v Hol lywood and. ^el(aft? ancl the fovereign of IJ$Ifaft aforefaid*.. all for the tirpe beipg: arid.that ttye third of fuch corpnuj,-tees (hall cpnlift of tne governor and cujlps rQtujorum. of. the* faid county of Antrim, the bifhop, of Down and Ccpippr^ the knights^ of the {fore for the faid county of Antrim* the' burgeffes in Parliament for t,he. faid borough^ of. Lifr burn and Belfaft, the lprdsof the faid manors of Kilultagfo and Belfafi, thfv jufiices of tire peace for the fajd copnty of Antrim, the rector of Lifburn aforefaid,( and his refi~ . dent curate, thevicar of Bylfaft. aforefaid, and his refident, curate, the fenefchals of t^e faid manors of lyilultagh. and Belfafi, and the fovereign of Belfaft. aforefaid, all for; the time being; that fo much of the faid road* as reaches, from Bann-bridge, afprefaid unto the northernmoit boundary; of, the lands of Magjiry-garry, commonly called, Bjfofo Moor, fhafl.be andLe called the firft divifion thereof; that fo much of the faid road, as reaches from the end; of. the faid fuff divifion of Blfois.NJoor aforefaid unto the town of. Belfafo aforefaid, lying entirely within tlie faid county of. Down, and the northerpmofi part of which, is commonly called the upper road, {hall fo apd.be called the, fecood, of fuch divifions ; and that fuch part, of the faid road, as lies between the towns of Lifourn and Belfaft aforefaid, lyjng ■ moftly in ti\e faid county of Antrim, and commonly called * the lower road? fofl be nnd be cajled,. the. thjrdof fuch. di-vifions*

Said commit- xV.And.be it further enafted by the authority afore-Tf thIgf*M fatfl,, that tfeelirft titthe fjidjdmfions of the feld road.

divifions, &c.

with

Digitized by

Google

I

^Tht Jirfi Yednr (jeofgc Tit. fcrith tli£ tbTft thereof, arid till matter^ relative.tlieTetd, lhkll from tbd time aforbtiid b£ commit ted to the cife and gdvetn-iftent of tht firft of the faid coiftffiftteeS ; thfe (econd df thfc laid divifions fh like inanhef to the fecond of the faid edra-iiriftebs ; and thb third of th£ faid divifloni ilfo in lilce manner to the third of the faid committees; and that each of ihe faid comthfttefcs refpeftivHy rhay appoint and remove a clerk and treafutfcr, colleftors or reftivfts of toll.4, ilhd fiir-Veyors, and aH other officers, ih TocH man her ks the thiflces under tl*e faid Foriber aft ire ifhpoWeted to appoint, and re-Siov6 a clerk, treat'd rft~, cefHeftorS, of receivers of tblls, furieyofkj 6r bthef officers; arid that each of fnch clerks ahd othft* ttlficerf (hall have fiici and the fame powers and capacities, relative to fnefi of the (aid divifions as lie (hill be fb appointed for; as the clerk dr,other filch officer of the laid trufle^s, afting linder the (kid former kft, rioW fidth or Would have relative to thf faid ford, While entire ind not divided; but tMt ho clerk, or treafurer, dr other officer, to appbinted by virtue of this prefent aft, /hall have of bd aflofwed a greater falary than ten pounds yearly 5 and that each* of the? faid committees (hall hive a common feal, and (Hall within and relative to their faid feveral aud refpec-tiVf divlfiohsof the faid road,* ind all (batters relative thereto refpcftiVety, be vftled with all fnch power*, capacities, knd authorities, both with refpeft fo tfit things to be done, ^nd the number of perfona to join In doing fuch things, and cfchenvift in all rtfpffti whatfoever, as; the traiUes at prefent afting Uridef the faid former act by virtue thereof, or of any 6tfoCr law now hr being, have or (houid have, cm are of would be verffed With, relative to the’ faid road, if this aft had not been made : and that all perfons, who by the faid fcrmer aft, and if the fame remained unaltered, would be bdund to yiftd any fnbmiffion or obedience in any matter or fiidtfCrs Relative to the' fzid road unto the faid truflees under fhe faid former aft, or any number of them, (hall from and kftertfie time affcrefaid be bound fo yield the like fubmiffion and obedience in* every the like matters, fo far as relates to any of the faid cfivifibns of the faief road, unto fuch of the faid Committees, as by this aft are appointed to have the care and government of fuch divifion of the faid road, or in default of yielding fuch fubmiffion or obedience (hall be fub-jeft to fuch penalties, as are appointed by the faid former aft; for recovery of which fuch committees reTpeftively may proceed, a's according to the faid former aft the trullees, kffiiig utrdfcr'drd fairi^, might in the like cafes haveproceed-61*; btrt that ridrie of the faid coriuhittees lhall have any powft* fb intermeddle with any part of aqy other of the foid divifions of the faid road, or any part of the tolls thereof, drariy other matter relative thereto ; neither (hall any

perfon,

Digitized by L>ooq le

The a days ftatute-work applied in the rcfpe&ive divi-

7%e firft Ttor tf George III. perfon, who (hall have paid toll at any gate or turnpike os one of the faid divifions for any carriage* qattle, or' beait, be therefore excufed from paying toll on the fame day for the fame carriage* cattle, or beaft, if palling through any , gate or turnpike on any other of the faid divifions.

V.	And be it further ena&ed hy the authority aforefaid, with regard to the two days ftatute-work, by the faid former a61 appropriated to the repair of the faid road* that the faid two days work of the inhabitants of the parifh of Seapatrick aforefaid, and of fo much of the parity of Blairis as hes within the manors of Hillfborough and Kilworlin or either of them, and of all other parityes in the faid county of Down, through which the faid firft divifion of the faid road paffes, tyall from and after the faid firft day of May next be applied to the repair of the faid firft divifion of the faid road ; that the like work of the inhabitants of the remainder of the faid parity of Blairis, and of the other parifhe? through which the faid fecond divifion of the faid road paffes, (hall in like manner be applied to the repair of the faid fer cond divifion of the faid road ; and the like lyork of the inhabitants of fuch parilhes in the faid county of Antrim, a? the faid third divifion of the faid road paifes through, (hall in like manner be applied to the repair of the faid third divifion of the (aid road ; and that fuch inhabitants, and the furveyors of the highways in the faid parityes refpeClively, tyall from the time aforefaid be bound to obey the faid committees, or fuch as they tyall appoint, with regard to making returns of theperfons bound to perform fuch work, and to the time and place of performing fuch work, as heretofore by the faid former luch inhabitants and furveyors of the highways were bound to obey the truftee$ a&ing under the (aid former a (ft, or the furveyor or furveyors by them appointed ; and that fuch committees, or any of the furveyors by them refpedtively appointed to dire& the application of the faid ftatute-work, may compound with any of the faid inhabitant^ for a funi of money, to be paid in lieu of his faid two days work, at any rate notlefa than one {billing for a day’s work of a man and horfe, not lefs than fix pence for a man : and that if any of fuch inhabitants tyall fail to pay fuch compofition-money on demand, or to perform his faid work, when legally warned, at the time and place for that purpofe appointed, that for every fuch default he (hall not only be obliged to pay fuch his compofition-money, or the penalty for neglecting to pet form his work according to the (aid former a (ft, as the cale may happen to be, but (hall alfo forfeit the further fum of two (hillings and fix pence ; to be Recovered and levied, as well as the faid compofition-money, and the faid penalty under the faid former aCt, in the lame

manner

Digitized by

Google

The firft Tear ef George TTf.	39

manner as the (aid penalty Impofed by the faid former aft for A. D. negle&ing to perform the faid work* is dirtied to be re- 1761. covered and levied ; all which fum fo to be levied, (hall be Chap. 1 5. paid to the overfeer of the faid road, and applied to the repair of the fame* as the faid committee (hall direft, within fuch divifion as the faid work fuch inhabitants ought to have been applied to.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, t*,c That when and fo often as a furplus of the money arifing three'eom-frem the tolls of any of the faid three divifions, amounting w\ttce% applied to the fum of one hundred pounds, (hall after repairing the a» herein, roads of fuch divifion, and dHcharging the intereilt of all the principal money then chargeable on the tolls thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this a&, remain in the hands of the treafurer or receiver of fuch divifion, then and fo often the committee of fuch divifion are hereby required and impowered to apply the fame by ballot to the difeharge of fo much of the principal money then chargeable on the tolls of fuch divifion in like manner, and after fuch notice of fuch balloting, as by the faid former add the tnrfleea thereof arc required and impowered to apply the furplus money in their treafurer or receivers hands, when amounting to the fum of two hundred pounds : and when- , ever the furplus money, fo colleded and in the hands of the treafurer or receiver of any one or two of the faid committees, fliall exceed the principal and iuterrfl then remaining due and chargeable on the tolls of the diviiionor divifions of the faid road committed to the care of fuch committee or committees refpedively, or that all fuch debts (hall have been difeharged, and any money, amounting to fifty pounds beyond the fum requiiite to keep fuch divifion or divifions of	"

the faid road in repair, (hall reiitaiu in the hands of the treafiirer or receiver of any fuch committees refpre-tively, then and £0 often fuch committee or committees are hereby required to pay the fame over to fuch other committee or committees to enable them to difeharge their debts by ballot a3 aforefaid ; for which payments the treafurer or treafurers* receiver or receivers, refpectively, who (hall receive the fame, (hall give receipts to the treafurer or treasurers paying the fame 5 and this method (hall be followed, until the wliole debts due and chargeable on the tolls of each and every of the faid divifions of the faid road lhall be difeharged : but where only one of the (aid committees (hall leave fuch furplus money in their treafurer or receiveis hands as aforefaid, then they are hereby required to divide the fame equally, and pay one half only to the treafurer or receiver of each o’f the faid other committees ; unhfs one of the faid committees (hall before that time have difeharged its whole debt 5 in which cafe the whole of the faid furplus (hall

be

Digitized by kjOOQle

A. U.

1761. Chap. 15.

ft---------—/

Truftees may execute.

The committees to meet as herein dircdcd.

Breaking or pulling down any turnpike, penalty xol. &c

The frjt Yfiar ^*-G forge IJJ.

be f^iid to the treafuccr or receiver qf tkc other of tibue Jhv? committees.

VII.	^.nd whereas by the former ad fifteen or more trof-tees are required to make a q\iorpm in certain cafes: be it enacted by the authority uforefaid, That in all fitch cafes five or more of the truftees may be enabled to execute tfap powers of this a£t in this divifion.

VIII.	And be it farther ena&ed by the authority pfore-faid, That the truftees of the faid firft committee, or five or more of them, (hall hold their firft meeting at Hillfborough in the cQunty of Down onrthe fecond Monday in the pionth of May next, in order to appoint officers, and do other a&s requifite for taking upon them and beginning the execution of the trufts hereby repofed in them ; that the truftees of the laid fecond committee fhajl hold theijr firft meeting for the like purpofes at Preda in the county of Down on the third Monday in the fame month ; and that the faid third committee fh^ill hold their firft meeting for the like purpofes at Lifburn in the county of Antrim op the third Monday in the fame month : that the fubfequent meetings of e^ch of the laid three committees refpe&ively fhall be held by adjournment, or othervyife, as according tp the laws now in being the meetings of the truftees under the faid former ad fhould have been holden; and that at aft fuch meetings each truftee fhall defray his own charges and essences ; and that no truftee, appeinted by this ad, fhall be capable of any place of profit ariling out of, or by reafon of* the tolls or duty by this ad laid or granted*

IX.	And for the better difeovering and punifhing all per-fons who fhall break, pull down, or deftroy, or attempt to break, pull down, or deftroy any gate, bar, or turnpike, or toll-houfe now being, or which hereafter purfuant to this ad fhall be, fixed or built on any part of the faid road : be It enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon fa offending, and being thereof convided upon indidment be fore the juflices of aflize and gacl deliver}’, or before the juftices of the peace at their general quarter-feffiong, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, and fhall alfo fuffer imprifonment in the common gaol of the county without bail or mainprize for the fpace of fix months, and until fuch fine fhall be paid -f the one half of which fhall be to the ufe of his Majefty, Ins heirs and fucceffors, and the other half fhall be applied to the repair of fuch of the faid divifions of the faid road, as the faid offence fhall be committed upon ; and for that purpofe fhall by the fhp-riff or other officer, who levies the fame, be paid to the trenfurer or receiver of fuch divifion; and if any perfoji guilty of fuch offence fhall difeover and profecute to con-yid.ion any accomplice of his, guilty of the fame offence, the

perfon

Digitized by v^ooQle

Tg« ffl.

perfoo So difcneriog and profecutiog fctfl be ymrimcd for A- D.

his laid ^>ffeuce, and all former offence* committed by ban 1761. ^gamfl this ad.	Chap.	14.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority dofthaly ^	'	^	^

That thisa#, and fo mack of the had former•&, mu not O—tk—act hereby repealed or altered, Audi continue tn force for the

tens of forty one years, to be computed bom the Cud fifft day of May next.

XI.	Provided ncvertheleft, That if at any thne before the The read re-expiration of the (aid term of forty one yean, all parts of the *>airw* •*** laid road (hall be fuftcieotly amended and cepaved, aadfb^^ adjudged by the majority of the traders aforebud for the time

being, that then after Inch adjudication thereof by them made, and payment of the whole of the laid principal money and i mere it bow due, and of all fitch other money as (ball hereafter by virtue of this or the faid former ad be borrowed, with iniereft for the fame, and the cods and charges thereof, the (aidtolls and duties (had ceafe and determine ; any thing herein contained ta the contrary notwithftand-ixig.

XII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Adiaa«U»4 faid. That if any fuit (hall be commenced agmind any perfon ’n.Dowo ur An* or perfon a for any thing done in purfuaocc of this ad, that

ia every fuch cafe the a&ioo (hall be laid in the faid counties of Down or Antrim, and not eHewhcre ; and thedefoadaat or defendants in fuch adion or adions to be brought may plead the general iffue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that	»

the fame was dene in purfuaocc and by the authority of this ad ; and if it (hall appear fo to be done, or fuch adion er adions (hall be brought ia any other county, that then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants: and upon fuch verdid, or if the plaintiff (hall be nosfuited, or difeou-tinu? his adion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if on any demmrer judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall and p\ay recover treble cods, and have the like remedy for the feme, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes by law.

XIII.	And be it eoafted by the authority a forefad, rd committee That the fecond committee, to whom the tods and profits ^ajl P*T,0 lh« of the gate, commonly called Jones Gate, are hereby grant-Jones*0* ed, do and (hall from time to time, and at all times hereafter, g*tc. J account with and pay to the third committee one full moiety

of all the tod, revenue, profits, or fuxns of money, which fall arife from, or be colled ed, or received at or by the beeper or keepers of the laid gate ; the fane to be paid by feu? equal quarterly payments in every year$ (that is to

%)

Digitized by

Google

4*

^ Pnrchtfcr of ticket thereat fhali pjik toll free the fame day to frelfafr.

Truftee*, 8rc. to meet and af-errtain money borrowed and iatcrcH thereof

THe fir* Teat t>f Grorge ITT. fey) <m every firft day of May, firft day of Atigufk, firft day of November, and firft day of February in every year ; the firft payment thereof to be made on the firft day of Au-guft next enfuing.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon purchafing one or more ticket or tickets at laid gate for any horfe or horfes, carriage or carriages, or any number of cattle, by faid ticket or tickets, fhall any may with fuch horfe and horfes, carriage and carriages, bcait or beafts, pafe on the day, he fhall fo purchase faid ticket or tickets, toll-free through all intermediate gates, which are or fhall be ere&ed into the town of Belfaii, either by the county of Antrim or county of Down road ; and all tickets purchafed at any of the gates near the town of Belfaft, either in the county of Down or Antrim, fhall iikewife carry the traveller through the faid gate, commonly called Jones Gate, without paying any further toll at any of the faid intermediate gates.

XV.	And in order to apportion in the moll equal manner the feveral debts or fums of money, fo borrowed and expended by the truftees in faid former a£t mentioned, and to charge the fame upon the three committees aforefaid, according to the refpective value of the income or profit of each of the faid committees ; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the marquis of Kildare, the earls of Antrim, Donegal, Carriek, Hilifhorough, Maffareene, Clanbraftil, and Moyra, the Bifhops of Down and Dromore, the lord Annefly, the knights of the (hire for the counties of Down and Antrim, and the members of Parliament re-pretenting the feveral boroughs in the faid counties of Down and Antrim, or any five of them, be, and they are hereby conftftutcd and made truftees, and are fully impowered, authorized, and required to meet at Hilifhorough in the county of Down on the firft Monday after the twenty fourth day of June next-etifuing at ten of the clock in the morning, and to adjourn from time to time, and from place to place, as they fhall find expedieht, and with all convenient ipced to enquire into and ascertain the feveral fums of money fo borrowed as aforefaid, and which ftill remain due and unpaid, and the intereft due thereupon, and the names of the feveral perforfs refpedively, to whom fuch fum3 are due ; and alfo to enquire into and ascertain, with as much pre-cifenefs as may be, the annual value, income, or revenue of each of the faid gates fo alotted to the faid three committees refpedively, and to alldt and appoint to each of the laid committees fuch a portion, fhare, or part of the faid debt, as fhall bear the fame proportion to the whole debt, as the tolls or income of the gates, allotted to fuch committee, beafs to the whole revenue or income of all

the

Digitized by LjOOQle

The firft Tear of George ITT. the gates, which are or were ere&ed on the (aid turnpike road.

XVI.	And to prevent any apprehenfiont of partiality io the allotting or appointment of the debts of the (aid com. mittee refpe&ively ; be it eoa&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the particular debts of each committee (hall be allotted and ascertained by ballot in manner following; (that is to fay) two boxes (hall be provided with covers, and into one of them (hall be put three pieces of paper of equal fizr, on one of which (hall be written, firft committee ; on another (hall be written, fecond committee ; and on another ihall be written, third committee: and into the other box {hall be put a number of pieces of paper of equal fize, equal to the number of debentures then (landing out and unpaid, each of which pieces of paper (hall contain in writ* ing the number of one of the faid debentures, the fum for which, and the inteieft thereof then due, and the name of the perfon to whom the fame was given : and all faid pieces of paper (hall be fhaked together, and then a perfon (halt draw out of the firft mentioned box one of the faid three papers, mentioning one of Ac faid three committees; and out of the fecond mentioned box (hall be drawn pieces of paper, containing entries of debenture, as equal as may be, by principal and intereft, but not left than the whole debt of the committee, the number of which (hall have been draw* as aforefaid, and the debentures fo drawn as afore faid, (had (land and be the debt of (aid committee ; and that the feveraft debts of the two other committees be ascertained by balloting in like manner.

XVII.	Provided always. That if the fed drawn debenture of either of the two committees, which are drawn fint out of the box, (hall exceed the fum mentioned or ascertained as the debt of fuch committee, then and in that cafe the f*id truftees are hereby impowerq^:<id required to fet off or at-fign the fur plus of fuch debenture or debentures io fuch manner, and to fuch perfon or perfons, as the creditors (hall at the time of drawing or immediately after agree upon : and in cafe the faid creditors (hall not immediately agree on and propofe fuch manner of aligning fucli overplus, then the faid truftees are hereby authorized and required to fet off, allot, and affign the fame in fuch manner, as to them (hall feem mod expedient, and to make the fame the debt of any of the creditors of the laft or undrawn committee. And the (aid truftees are hereby required to meet at the time and place aforefaid, to adjourn from time to time, and from place to place, as they (hall judge expedient.

XVIII.	Provided always, That the execution of the faid fruit (hall be fully compleated on or before the twenty ninth ^ay of September, one thoufknd feven hundred and iixty

two:

Each committee'* debts ihall be after uined by balk*.

Said troll fbaD be fully executed by ay Sept. 176a.

Digitized by

The frrfi Tt&r ef Oedrge 111. vm l vtiI til fthd tvftfy ta ttid a&s #f th* raid

relative to the matters herein before mentioned, which (hiA bt done after tht fetid twenty ninth day of Septftnter, (hall be and art htttby dtekted to bt abfolately hull ftfift void.

TluMMbUdt XlX. And bt it further efttfted by the authority afbre-ad. ^ firid, That thrt ta fh&ll be deemed, adjudged, and taken

be t jHibliektrt> ami be judicially taken notice of as fuck by all judged juftices, and other p£f fans whfttftertr> without fpeeially pleading the fame,

CHAP* XVII.

An Aft fir reviving, dontinnihgi and amending fthkrftl impt*

tatp Statute*, and fit other Ptitpoft* therein ihMioritd.

Burnineland	A	whereas ati aft palled in the feverttfcSnth yeaf

vermin *	’	Ijl	of the reign of his late Majefty Kihg George

17 o. %. 10 the fecund, intituled, An aft to prevent the peMiclou* praftke if burning land, dad fir the more ejfeftual dejroplng of vemM, which aft, ad to fuck part thereof as relates to the burning by 21 g. 2.7. of land, by an aft made in the twenty fit ft year of the reign continued to 29 ^ jjfe )atc Mtjefty King George the fecond, Intituled, pr,17 °« yfrf	ft? reviving, totttinuingi and amending federal temporary

Jf&tMes, was continued until the twenty ninth day of Stp-1	tembe/, one thoufand feveu hundred and firtty, and from

relate* u> burn* (hence to the end of the then nett feflion of Parliament; be ing land, made it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That fuchr part of the perpetual. faid aft made in the feventeenth year of the reign of hi$ ffid late Majefty King George the fecoftd, as relates tor the homing of Wad, wkh the following amendments thereto} ftalf be made perpetual.

,	.	III. And whereas by the faid ktft reeked aft, the ofigr-*

fe**« ^nfwerable leftbrs, where the foil Of furface is [burned Or permitted for under te- to be burned by the Occupiers of the land, andf not by the cam*,	original leffee$r have found great difficulties in fuing for and

cecoreriitg rhe penalty given by the faid aft * be it epfcfted by the authority aforefard, That iri all cafes whatsoever, whether the fail or furface (hall be burned or permitted to be homed by the original leffee or leffees, or by the Occupier or occupiers of foeh land, and where the original leffof is m>t consenting to fetch burmrig, that the original leffor fball toe intitfed to recover the penalty gi ven by the faid a6b from hiVimmethate leffee or kffees, who Aall bearifwrtabld for the afts of his of their under-tenants* and for the aft# of the occupiers of fuOh land: provided fuch original leffotf dr Ieffdfs (hall commence his or tkeir fait for the' recovery of the faid penalty at fuch next affeCs or qaarter-feffiorts, ast , ' *'	m the tedd aft ie exprefed : and fach immediate leffee or’ leffee*

fhaU

Digitized by' v^ooQle

V

Tht firfk Year G forgo IK.	^

vd may Vra tbo like remedy aw againfe hk nacW-	A. D«

teojwt^ qr the occupiera of fuch land* (9 offruding, sod	1761.

fl\aJl «ud may recover agafoft the**, at any of them fao& Chap 1;. fending : provided that fuch fait ^e oomponced at %fie »cat v alfce* or quarter- fcfifoo*, after fuch original toffas ftiaU haw fa obtained a decree againft fuch hi* immndiag* Irfcc 01 fo£» foe*: aqd in cafe the original leflbv foal! not fa* fo# the hud penalty at the neat afifaex or quartos fcfltoos a* maufeioaad iq the feudal then it (hafiand may be bwAtl fqs the- imm*» dktc leffor or lefibra of the occupiers of the land, who. AaM bursu or permit (a he buraed the foil 01 fueface of aay lead, to foe for and recover from foch occupier os occupier* the faid penalty : provided- fuch fok he commenced at tWfe-condaffizoa of quarter ftfliona, after the (aid land (half be fa burned,	(hat the laid afQzes or quarter ftffiooe (halt

not he fo near, that a. proceft cannot be forved time enough for that pufpofc; and ia foch cafes the fuit (hall be. commenced at the next immcdiaU affix e* or fefliom. fbl* lowing^

IV- And wherepa to made the (aid penalty* and to fender the furveying of foch lands, fa burned* difficult and cx-peofive, the pqnooa fo offending often leave narrow ridgw or paths, unburnqd, intermixed with the paths, fo.burned; by mean* whereof landlords, have been deterred from filing* for the (aid penalty: for remedy whereof, be it further e». a&ed and.declared, by the authority aforefaid, That all foch Ridge* left ridges, or paths, fo left unburned or intermixed with the parts fo burned, (hall and may be fonreyod in one common	00

furvey with the other part or ports, that (hall be fo burned, and. that they (hall and may bedeemed and coubdered as part xf. the land fo burned, fo far as to fubiebf the perfoiv or per-fops, fo offending, to the penalty in the faid abb mentioned* equally as, if no fuch ridges or paths had' been fo left un-burned*

V. And wherea^.a doubt hath arifen, whethertbepcnaU	Penaltvpro-

ty for burning the foil or furface as aforefaid was recoverable*portionedI to nuder. the (aid ac^, where the quantity of. the foil-or furfaoe, H*jUD4il7 °" fo burned, was.not a full Englifh ilatute acre : be it enacted.by the authority aforefaid. That the penalty*on-the*pos-fou or. perfons, fo offending, (hall be proportioned to the quantity, burnt, though it be under one f;n§li(h flatut*-acre.

VIi And. whereasxan abbpafled in this kingdom* in- the* Wright* eleventh year of the reign of. his late Majefty King- George n G a. n* the focond, intituled. An a3 for the buying and ftlting-of all' forts of corn and meal, and. other things thsrem- mentioned, by weight*, and for tbc^ mart cjfcQual preventing the-frauds commit** ted in the buying and felting thereof, and for- regulating- the -price jukL affix* of bready and forcbetter regulating the markets*

which

continued and amended 19 G. 2. 17.

both a.£b revised, & c.

Coal,

6 G. I. 2.

fo far as not altered l>y 31 G. 2. r made perpetual.

The firft Year of George III. which laid a & was continued and amended by an all made in the nineteenth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, intituled, An a8 for amending and continuing an act, intituled, jin act for the buying and felling all forts of corn and mealy and other things therein mentionedy by weighty and for the more effectual preventing frauds committed in the buying and felling thereof 9 and for regulating the price and affixe of bread9 and for the better regulating the markets : and whereas the faid laft recited alb have expired, the fame were revived with alterations, amendments, and additions thereto, by an a& made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majelly King George the fecond, intituled. An act for reviving and amending an act paffed in the eleventh year of his faid late Ma-jejly’s reign9 intituled, An act for buying and felling all forts of com and mealy and other things therein mentioned, by weighty and for tie more effectual preventing the frauds committed in the buying andfeUing thereof, and for regulating the price and ajjixc of bread9 and for better regulating the markets ; as alfo one other act made in the nineteenth year of his faid late Majefly's reign, intituled, Jin act for continuing and amending an act for buying and felling of dll forts of corn and mealy and other tlAngs therein mentioned, by weighty and for the more effectual preventing the frauds committed in the buying andfelling thereof9 and for regulating the price and aj^xt of bready and for better regulating the markets, fo fpr as the fah! ac. s relate to the regulating the price anda/fae of bread, and the better regulating the markets, which faidfeveral alts are new expired : be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, Thar the faid recited alts of the eleventh year of his faid late Majelly King George the fecond's reign, and the nineteenth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, and the twenty ninth year of his faid late Majelly’s reign, fo far only as the faid alls relate to the buying and felling of all forts of ccm and meal, and other things therein mentioned, by weight, and for the more elFellual preventing the frauds committed in the buying and felling thereof^ (hall be made perpetual.

VII. And be it further enalled by the authority aforefaid, That one other aH palfcd in this kingdom in the lixth year of the reign of his late Majelly King George the firft, intituled, n act for the more effectual preventing the tngroflmg and regrafing of coals in this kingdom9 and which is expired, as for as the fame is not altered by one other all made in thisJringdom in the thirty firll year of the reign of his late Majelly King George the feccnd, intituled, j u act to'prevent unlawful combinations to raife the price cf coals in the city of Dublin, and alfo fo for as the fame is not altered by any other aH made in this kingdom in this prefent feffion of Parliament, fhallbemade perpetual.

3

IX. And

The firfi Tear of George I IT.	47-

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afbrefatd, A. D. That one other aft paffed in this kingdom in the twenty 1761. ninth year of his (aid fete Majefty King George the (econd’s Chap. 17. reign, intituled, «n act far the better regulating juries, (hall ^

be revived and continued in full force unto the firft day of Jww*

May, which (hall be in the year of our Lord, erne thou-	t

fand feven hundred and fe*enty one, and from thence to irju the end of the then next fefiion of Parliament, and no longer.

X.	And whereas it is very difficult, as the law now ftands,	^

to obtain impartial tryals in cities, in cafes where the right be tried by jury to tolls, duties, or cuftoms, claimed by the refpeftive cor- thereof, 4c. porations of fuch cities, come in queftion: be it enafted

by the authority aforefaid. That no iffue (hall hereafter be tried by a jury of any city in any aftion or fuit concerning any tolls, duties, or cuftoms, claimed by the corporation of fach city; but every fuch iffue fhall be tried by a jury of an indifferent county, to be appointed by the court io which fuch action or fuit (hall depend.

XII. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Rents.

(aid, That one other aft parted in this kingdom in the fifteenth 15 *f' year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fe- ^ g* cond, intituled, An act for the more effectual fecuring the fay* ment of rents, and preventing frauds by tenants, and which aft was continued by an aft parted in the twenty ninth year of his faid Majefly’s reign, and is now expired, (hall be revived and made perpetual.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- RetaHiag K-faid, That one other aft parted in this kingdom in the ninth «!***» tofcf-year of his late Majefty King George the fecond, intituled, i^y^us jm act to prevent the evil arifing by the retailers of beer, ale9 by 19 G. % is* brandy, rum, geneva, aqua vitae, and other fpirituovs liquors,

giving credit to fervants, day-labourers, and other perfens, who dually work or ply for hire or wages, which aft was continued for fourteen years by an aft, paffed in the nineteenth year of his late Majefty's reign, intituled, An act for reviving and continuing feveral temporary fiatvtes, and which aft is now expired, (hall be revived and made perpetual.

XV.	Be it further enafted by the authority aforefa'd, Corobinstko, That one other aft paffed in this kingdom in the twenty ninth &c-

year of the reign of his faid late Majefty King George the per£*u*L fecond, intituled, An act to prevent unlawful comlmahms *f tenants, colliers, miners, and others, and the fmdiog of threat*.ng letters without names, or with fictitious names fultcriled there• unio, and the malicious fettmg fire to houfes or out-bozfie, or to fiacks of hay, com, firaw, or turf, or to fbips or boats, and which aft is now near expiring, (hall be made perpetual.

XIX.	And

Digitized by

Google

♦&

A. D.

I76*-Chap, 17.

ip G. 1. ^

weigh-boufcfr provided in. ci-ties by the iqi^ ter

. 6 0. 1. 18. 3G.1 13-15 G. 2. 11. 33 G. 2. i8. as to Thomas* town and Do-nore to 1 May 1805.

After expiration of faid a&s, all cUufet>4n 33 G. 2: l8f (hall extend- to former adss

Oaths required by feveral charters ; altered by r 1 and 12 G. 3. c. 19. f. 13.

tBb*firfl-Ytar of George III.

XIX* And whereas by an* ad, made in the tenth yeati'of the. reign of King George the firft, it is ena&ed* “ That w every* weigh-mafter to be appointed in purfuanee of the-“* faid ad* (bcrnld provide convenient weigh-hoedes in each u city 1” and whereat there is. but one weigh-heufe at pro-fentin the city of Limerick, and that foliated in a very ia-convenient place, which is a great abftrudion to the trade of the. faid city: be it enaded by the authority a&refaidj That the weigh-matter of the faid city of Limerick ihalL before the foil day of May, one theufand feven hundted. and fixty three,. provide two convenient weighhoufes forthefaid city, one tabein the Englifh Town, the other in the* Iri(h Town, of the faid city, in. fome convenient places, to heap?-proved of by the majority of the wholesale merchants of* the' laid city.

XX* And whereas fevend afor ere^ling andcontiiMiiDg„ lights in feveral cities and towns-corporatevare near expiring 5 and. whereas-an ad patted the laft feflien of Parliament* inti* tilled, An act for the more effectual enkghting the city of Dub*-bn* and. the. liberties thereof and for the- erecting of publick* lights ift the other cities, towns~corporatc, and marketAosvns in thnr kingdom and whereas a doubt may arife, whether after ther expiration of the faid foil recited , aft* the laft recited ad will extend to fuch cities and towns corporate, for whieh provt~-fion. had been before made by the faid iirft. recited a&st: be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and immediately after the expiration of the faid refpedive frriV recited ads, all.the claufes and prov-ifoes in the* faid laft recited ad. contained, except fuch as relate only to the city of Dublin, and the liberties thereof, (hall extend to the feveral cities and. towns, corporate in the faid lirft recited ad mentioned*.

XXL And-whereas by the charters of feveral boroughs and corporations in this kingdom certain oaths are required tu be-taken by the feveral officers and members of fuch boroughs and corporations in the prefence of, and to be admi-njftredby, the perfons in fuch charters refpedively mentioned : and whereas feveral officers and members of fuch bo-ronghsjmd corporations, though they have been duly eleded, aodthough,theyhave taken the feveral oaths required by* the faidxefpedive charters, are neverthelefs fubjed to prefer curious* by reafon that the feveral requifoes, dirededb.y the faid charters, have not been obferved at the fwearing of fuch officers and.members : for remedy whereof, and for the more effedual quieting fuch corporations, be it enaded by the authority afoceiaid. That no perfon, who hath been duly eluded into, any fuch: office or franchise, (hall hereafter be oufted out of any fuch office or franchise, in any ways fued, nwJeftedy ojrprofecuted, for or upon account of any objection,'

Digitized by

VbtftM Tmt George IB.	49

tkra, which (hall or mar be taken to the fwearing fuch of- A. D. Seers or membexi* provided that fuch officers and members r^6i.

(hall in fa& have taken the oaths required by law: and fuch Chap. 17. officers and members (hall be deemed legal officers and mem- 1	—^^ $

hers of fooh bevoagbe and corporations; and sll corporate atih, which have been done by them, /hall have the fame forceand effitd^es if fuch officers and members had been re-fjpe&rvely fwore purfuant to the dire&oiis of the dud to* ffedive charters.

XXV.	And whereas great abufes have prevailed in cities ^ and towns corporate m this kingdom by the cxa&ing of fe- w lG^ -Veral unreafonable and exceffive tolls of corn, grain, and

Other goods and merchandizes, not warranted by law, chai> ter, or ufage 3 for remedy whereof, be it eaa&ed by that*, therityaferriaid, That the mayor or other chief magiftrOte of every cky and town corporate Audi caufe a frhodulr of the duties* tolls, Orcadians, darned by the corporation of fuck city or town-corporate, to be hung up in dome confpiciioad part of the marketdaotde or market-hodfes of fuch dty or Sown corporate 00 every market-day for one month nest enfumg every Mkhoelmas-day; and in cafe of negied fa to 4a fuch aaaver or other chief magiftrate /hall for every fuch aqgkd forfeit a penalty of ten pounds Jkr&ig, to be recovered in a luminary way by chrQ Ml at the nest affixes by any parfon or perfons, who Audi fue for the fame.

XXVI.	And be it farther ena&ed by the aathanty afore- *(*{** *°®

find. That if any officer of any corporation, former of tofts,	^

artofl-gatherer, flasdl caaft from or compel any perfbo or per-

fonsto pay any duty, toll, cuftora, or perqui/ite, not mentioned. or comprized in fuch Schedule, to be hung up as afore&td, fuch officer, former of tolls, or toll-gatherer, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five pounds Jkr&ng ; to be recovered by civil bOl at the neat affixes by any per-fon, from whom any unlawful duty, toll, cuftom, or perqui* file, (hall be fb exa&ecL

XXVIL And whereas the progrefs of the linen manufoc- Fuel (ball pals tore has been in many places retarded by a fcarcity of fuel 2 toll-frc* through he it enaaed by the authority afbrofoid. That aU turf, fotrze, and timber in faggots, for fuel, Anil pufs into and through every dty and town fire from all toll, cufipm, perqmfite whatfoever, claimed by my officer or member at fuch city or town.

Vol. V.	D	CH^P;

The Jirft Ttar ofGtargt III. CHAP. XVIII.

A. IX

An A8 for the more eafy and equal qffejpng and applotting as* Money prefented by the Grand Jury of each AJft%es to be . held for the City9 and County of the City of Cork . and for putting' the Coaches, Cbaifes9 Chairs, and Sedansf * that ply for Hire in the faid City, under the like Regula1 tionsy for the Benefit of the Work-Houfe of Cori9 as they are in Dublin ; and alfo for the better .Regulating the Harbour of Cork.

T7T7HEREAS by an ad made in the feTenteenth made perpetual y y fe(Ron of ^ ^ Majefty K;ng G(,orge the fe.

8.

Expl 3 G 3. cond, intituled. An a3 for the more equal ajfffing and colli- 5 G. 3. 24. Using and uffejftng of publicJe money in counties of citiesy and counties of towns, hath been found ineffectual and inefficient in feveral counties of cities for the purpofe thereby-intended : and whereas the county of the city of Cork ia a very large and extenfive county, and contains upwards of ninety fix plow-lands of uncertain acreage and meafure : He it therefore enaCted by the King’s molt excellent Majefty by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affem-bled, and by the authority of the tame, That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and iixty two, the grand jury of each aflizes, to be -held for the faid city and county of the faid city of Cork, (hall prefent twenty fix perfons out of the inhalwtants of the faid city and county, by the name of applotters, for affefling and applotting all publick money, prefented to be raifed in the faid city, and county of the faid city, at the faid feveral affixes; and that the faid applotters fhall fevefaliy and re-fpecb’vely make oath on the holy evangelifts equally and im-*	partially,	according	to	the	beft of their Ikill and know-

ledge, to applot and affefs all publick money, fo appointed to be raifed; and that the mayor of the faid city for the time being may be impowered and required to adminiller the laid oath (for which oath no fees fhall be taken) and to fummon the laid applotters to appear before him to take faid oath.	-

Conftahles II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, fcall return the That the feveral and refpe&ive high and petty conftablcs of

abodes of iuha- t^ie	anc* county	^ai'^ city °£ Cork fhall with-

in one kalendar month, to be computed from the full: day of each aflizes, deliver unto the mayor of the faid city upon oath a true return in writing of the names and places

of

bitants.

Digitized by

Google

fe.

►

i:

A

'1 i

r

u, , .

[;■



Aay 7 ap-



Tbi firft Tt*r George III.

•f abode of the feveral inhabitants or houfe-keepers within then* refpe&ive limit*; which oath the {aid major is hereby impowered to adminifter without fee as aforefiud; and that the mayor of the faid city (hall deliver in the faid returns of the laid conflables to any one or more of the faid applotters, at the time of his and their taking before him the applotters oath before mentioned.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid,

That the faid applotters, or any feven or more of them, plotter Dull ihall within three months from the firft day of every aflizes, an/J.aPf^ in which fuch money (hall be appointed to be railed, from nJooJ^ time to time aflemble and meet together, and applot and u herein, afiefs fuch publick money on the feveral inhabitants and )aoda in the faid city, and county of the faid city, by thirteen diftinft applotments for the feveral diviiions following, into which the faid city of Cork hath for time immemorial been divided, and for which divifions high and petty con-liable® for time immemorial have been diftin&ly appointed : (that is to fay) one applotment for the north liberties of the laid city, a fecond for the fouth liberties of faid city, a third for the north fuburbs of faid city, a fourth for the fouth fuburbs of the laid city, a fifth for the north eaft -quarter of faid city, a fixth for the north weft quarter of laid city, a feventh for the fouth eaft quarter of faid city* an eighth for the fouth weft quarter of faid city, a ninth far the north eaft quarter of the pari(h of Saint Mary Shan-2 don in faid city, a tenth for the north weft quarter of the parifti of Saint Mary Shandon in faid city, an eleventh for Mallow Lane and Fair Lane in faid city, a twelfth for the pariih of Saint Paul in fafd city, and a thirteenth for the pari(h of Saint Finbary in the (aid city : and that the (aid applotters, or any feven or more of them, (hall make regular and fair entries of all fuch afTefiments or applotments in a book, to be kept by them for that purpofe, and to be provided for them by the treafurer of the faid city, and each diftin6l applotment or affeffment to be fubferibed with the names of fuch applotters fo aflembled ; and that faid applotters (hall afeertain and applot the fums, to be raifed upon fuch parts of the county of the (aid city, as have been ufually charged according, to the plow land, and upon fuch parts as have been ufually charged according to the acre ; and as to fuch parts of the faid city and county thereof, aa have been heretofore ufually charged according to the fub-ftance of the inhabitants, they (hail afeertain and applot the fum to be paid by each inhabitant; and that the perfons, making fuch afleifments or applotments refpe&ively, (hall, within ten days after fuch affeflments or applotments being made and figned by them as aforefaid, deliver or caufe to Da	be

Digitized by L,ooQle

Jt	Tbi filrjl Y$br of Georg* I ft.

A. D.	be delivered to the fold treafurer the faid book ebrttalftiftg tkfc

1761.	faid aflefTmcnts or appk>tment8; and that the affeffinents Or

Chap. 18. applotment* contained therein fhail be final and conclusive tb ha^^V*****. all parties.

Applotters IV. And be k further ena&ed by the authority tfoit* Hoc appearing faid. That tn cafe any of the faid applotters (hall ueglc& or lie* 4 days after fufe to appear before the faid mayor to take the faid applotteff® oath by the fpace of four days next after his being ferved ^	* 1 with the mayor’s fummone for that purpofe, or abfent h$n*-

feif from any fuch afiembly without being able to fhew rfea* fonable eaufe for the fame, fo as that a fuffieient number fhail not meet to affefs fuch publfok money, every perfon> fo neglc&mg or refufing to appear before die faid mayor, and take faid oath, or absenting himfelf fhail for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds ftertmg% to be recover* ed by civil bill before the next going judges of affize for the faid eity and county of the faid city of Cork, by the treat-forer of the faid city; and that the faid treafurer may be authorized and required to fue for the fame, and that the mo* rtey fo recovered (hall be accounted for by the faid treafurer at the next enfuing affixes as part of the pubtick mon^y.

Conftables of V. And be jt further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid divifions faid, That the feveral conftables of the faid feveral divifiohs iurus^pplotted	t^ie city, and county of the faid eity, fhail within

&c.	*	9 their refpe&ive limits eoHe& by warrant under the hand and

foal of the fotd treafurer, (which warrant the faid treafurer -ishereby impowered to grant) the feveral fums fo preferred amd applotted as aforefaid, and fhail pay in the faid feveral fums to the faid treafurer before the aflizes next enfuing the faid affixes, at which the fame (hall be fo prefonted; and that the ffeid treafurer fhail at every affizes make up his accounts Upon oath of all his receipts and payments of fhe faid publick money, fo received by him, and fhail return and lay the faid accounts fairly written, with the affidavit of the faid treafurer at the foot thereof, taken before the judge of affize without fee, verifying the truth of fuch accounts, on the firft day of every affizes before the grand jury of the faid city, to be viewed, allowed, or difapprov-ed of by the fin’d grand jury 5 > and that the faid grand jury fhail eaufe the fame to be entered in the book of the county of the faid city, with fuch obfervations as they fhail think fit: and in default of fuch return that it fhail and may be lawful for th^ refpe&ive judges of affixes to fine fuch treafurer in any fum, not exceeding the furti fo prefented and applotted as aforefaid, and to commit fuch treafurer in execution for the fame.

Jn default of VI. And. be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-That if any of the faid conftables fhail negleft, omit,

or

Digitized by

Google

tbex Tear §/ George If I. or refufe to make the aforefaid returns te the mayor of the A. D. faid city, or to colie^ the fame fa prefented and applotted, 1761. or to pay in the fame to the treafurer of the fakl city, Chap. 18. wkhao the time herein before appointed for that purpofe, it V—'

(ball and may he lawful to and for the rcfpe&rar judges of affize to fine the faid conftablcs fo neglecting, omitting, par refuting to make the faid return, m any fam not exceeding ten pounds, and to commit foch offenders in execution for the fame; and for omitting, neglecting, or re-fefiog to colleCt the fums fo prefented and applotted, or to P°7 in the fame to the treafurer, in fuch fum or fums of money as to the faid judges (hall feem proper, not exceeding th< fums, that fuch conftables (hall by the warrants of the faid treafurer be appointed refpeCtively to receive, and to commit the faid feveral offenders in execution for the fame.

VII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afore- On non-pay. faid, That in cafe the occupier or occupiers of the faid feveral mc*tj «>n«*blc» houfes and lands in the faid city, and county of the faid

city, (hall refufe to pay the fam or fums fo applotted and on 5th day by •defied, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid feveral publick cant, oonftables within their refpeClive limits by warrant under the hand and foal of the faid treafurer (oath being firft made by die eonftable or conftables of his or their having made a demand of the faid fum or fums fo applotted or affeffed, and of the fame being refilled to be paid for the fpace of five days after demand fo made 5 which oath the faid treafurer 1*3 hereby impowered to adminiller without fee) to dill rain the goods and chatties of the perfon or perfons fo refuting, mid to fall the fame by publick cant on the fifth day after the taking the faid diftrefs, for the payment and dii-charge of the faid refpeClive fam or fums fo afiefied, unlcfs paid within the faid time; rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owners.

VIII.	And whereas feveral Aims of money were at the feveral late affizes, held for the county of the faid city, (to wit) at the feveral affixes held for the county of the faid city on the twenty feventh of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty, on the feventh of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and fixty, and on the twenty feventh of March one thoufand feven hundred and fixty one, prefented by the refpedive grand juries of the faid feveral affizes, to he raifed for tK purpofes in the faid preferments refpeClively mentioned : and whereas the grand jury of the faid city at the next lent affizes, to be held for the county of the laid city, may prefer feveral further fums of money to be raifed in

the county of the faid city: and whereas the fums, fo al* Preferments ready prefented to be raifed at the faid three former affizes,	at

of to be prefented to be raifed at the faid next Lent affizes,

cannot.

A. D.

1761. Chap. 18.

Perfons (bed

for a<ftmg m.iy plead general lflue.

Continuance of fo much of tyi# ad % years.

CJnvernor* (hall licence for 21 years, hackney coaches, chairs, &c as hereto.

The firft Ttar of Gtorgc, III.

cannot, for want of being properly applotted* be cofleclcd or raifed: be it therefore farther ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral fums, fo prefented to be raifed at the faid three former aflizes, or to be prefented to be raifed at the next lent aflizes, {hall withm three months after the next Summer aflizes, to be holder* for the county af he (aid city, be equally and impartially affeffed by the applotters, or any five or more of them, to be nominated at the faid next Summer aflizes in manner herein before appointed ; and that the faid feveral fums (hall be collected, raifed, and paid in fuch manner, and with fuch remedy and powers, as are herein before contained for applotting and railing all publick money, to.be prefented to be raifed at every aflizes to be holden for the faid. city and county of the faid city of Cork, from and after the faid firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority .afore-r faid. That if any fuit fhall be commenced againft any per-fou or perfons for any a& done in purfuance of this

the defendant may plead th’e general ifiue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence; and that if a verdift be given for the defendant, or the plaintiff become nonsuited, or difeontinue his a&ion, the defendant fhall have double coils.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That fo much of this a<ft, as is herein before contained, fhall remain and be in force for two years from the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two, and from thence to the end of the next fefiions of Parliament, and no longer^

XI.	And whereas feveral perfons have for fome years pafl kept hackney-coaches, pofl-chaifcs, chairs, and fedans, to ply for hire within the faid city of Cork, and the liberties thereto adjoining: and whereas the regulating the rates and fares of the faid hackney-coaches, poft-chaifes, chairs, and fedans, ^nd of the drivers and carriers of the fame, within the laid city and liberties, will prevent many impofitions being made on the inhabitants of the faid city and liberties, and will tend to provide for the ufes of the work-houfe ef-tablifhedin this city : be it enacted by the authority afore-faid, That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two, the governors .of the >vork-houfe of the faid city of Cork, fifteen at lead being prefent, fhall and may be authorized and required under their common feal to licenfe for the term of twenty one years from the faid firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two, al^ fuch perfon or perfons, as fhall

Digitized by

Google

7 be firft Tear of George HI.

51

keep, drive, or carry any hackney-coaches, poft-chaifes, A. f>. chairs, or fedans, plying for hire within the faid city of i;6t Coik, or liberties thereto adjoining, and frotn time to time Chap. iS. to limit the number of fuch coaches, poft-chaifcs, chairs, and fedans, as the faid governors (hall think proper; and that the governors of the faid work-houfe (hall for every licence, to be granted for each coach and poft-chaife, be paid the fum of twenty (hillings by way of fine, before fuch licence (hall be delivered ; and that upon every licence fox* each coach or poft-chaife there (hall be referved to the governors of the faid work-houfe, and their fucceffors, the yearly rent of twenty (hillings, and for each chair or fedan ten (hillings; to be paid quarterly, on every firft day of September, firft day of December, firft day of March, and firft day of May in every year; with fuch covenants therein to be inferted for the more effectual payment thereof, as the faiA governors, or any fifteen or more of them (hall think fit: and that no perfon (hall keep, drive, carry, or let to Lire, any coach, poft-chaife, chair, or fedan, to ply within the faid city or liberties, without fuch licence firft obtained, under the penalty of ten pounds for every coach, or poft-chaife, and five pounds for every chair or fedan, which (hall fo ply contrary to this a<ft ; and that every coach, poft-chaife, chair, or fedan, (o to be licenced, (hall have a mark of diftin&ion by a figure on a large brafs plate, with the number in large figures; and that the faid mark (hall be placed on each fide of every fuch coach, poft-chaife, chair, or fedan, in fuch manner as the faid governors (hall tlimk proper : and that every coachman, driver, chairman, or carriers of any coach, poft-chaife, chair, or fedan, plying for hire as aforefaid, who (hall drive or carry without fuch mark of diftin<ftion or figure, any coach, poft-chaife, chair, or fedan, or if any perfon (hall blot out, deface, or change the mark or figure appointed for fuch coach, poft-chaife, chair, or fedan, every perfon, fo offending, for every fuch offence (hall forfeit thirty (hillings: and that the faid fums fo be paid for licences, and the yearly rents to be referved therein, and alfo the aforefaid feveral penalties, (halb go, and be paid to the treafurcr of the faid work-houfe for the ufe of the faid work-houfe; and that the faid feveral penalties aforefaid, and alfo the feveral penalties and forfeitures herein- after mentioned, (hall and may be recovered before the governors of the faid work-houfe, or before five or more of them, in a fummary way, on proof being made before them on oath, after one fummons to the party offending, and (hall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods and chatties by warrant under the hand and



Digitized by Google

Licences i f

Jears from l *me 1761.

Transfer of licence for a chair, without confent of vc mors.

Governors, may Jettle the fores, &c.

Tbi firfi Tear •/ George HI. fctf of filch governors, pr any five or more of them, wnt lefe fuch penalty be paid within, ten days after fuch diftre&i be taken, and that the overplus, (if any be) aU charges be* ing dedu&ed, be paid $o the owner; and that in cafe bq iuificient diftrefs can be had to anfwer the faid pedaktea refpe&ively, the perfon and perfons fo offending (hall by brarrant under the hand and feal of .the laid governors, o* any five or more of them, be font to the houfe of cqrre&io«? there to be kept to hard labour for any time, not exceeding one month.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authoriy aforefaid,*

That all licences, fo to be granted tor coaches, pod chaifeo^ chairs or fedans, (hall be granted for the term of twenty-oatf years from the faid firft day of June, one thousand feren hnn-» dred and fixty-two, and /hall be devifeabie or transferable hfr the parties, to whom the fame ihall be granted, their executors,* adminiffrators, or afiigns, under the rents and covenants there^ in contained. "	-

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled byr the authority aforefaid, That no perfon, who (hall be pofo* fieffed of a licence for keeping a chair or fedan for hire, /hath transfer or afiign the fame without the confent of the faid governors, or five or more of them,"~6rft had in writing un* der their hands and feak ; and that if any perfon or p»e$--fons, to be po/Ie/Ted of any fuch licence or licences for keeping a chair or fedan for hire, ihall transfer the fame without the. confent of the faid governors, or five of them, fignifkd aa aforefaid, every fuch transfer /hall be void ; and that every licence, fo afligned, /hall be forfeited to the faid governors for the ufe of the faid work-houfe.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it Ihall and may be lawful to and for the governors of the faid work-houfe, fifteen at leaft being prefeut, under their common foal from time to time to fettle and ad-, juft the fevdral rates, fares, and prices, to be paid to the re-, fpc(Stive drivers of the faid hackney-coaches or poft-ebaifes, and the carriers of the faid chairs or fedans, for the hire of fuch coaches, poft-chaifes, chairs, or fedans, by the day or hour, or by the fet-down, to or from any part or parts within the faid city, or within the liberties to the faid city adjoining ; and to adjudge the feveral diftances within the faid city or liberties, for which the faid rates, fares, and prices /hall be paid and alfo to make orders and by-laws to bind all and every perfon and perfons, who /hall have licences to keep hackney-coaches, poll-ehaifes, chairs, or fedans for, hire as aforefaid, and all coachmen, poft-chaifemen, chairmen, drivers, and carriers thereof, and to annex fuch reasonable penalties and forfeitures, not exceeding forty /hil-.

^	lings

Digitized by

Google

The firjf Thar if George III. for the breach of any fuch by-law or Order; eatkfa* perfana offending, or by making void the licence the fo offending bad, or by fubje&inr the ftveral pesfona iding to corporal pwifemt, by Tending him or them houfe of corrc&ion* there to be whipped and kept to labour, for any time not exceeding ten day* ; and that aid governors, or any five or more of them, (hall and _ _ by warrant under their hands and fads put the faid by-and orders, by the (hid governors, or any fifteen or 'faftje of them, fo to be made, into due execution according be tenor and cffc& of tbc fad by-law and orders, fo an :1bb cates, fares, and prices, and fuch rules, orders, and s, (hall be faff approved of hy the then next going of affiae for the county of the faid city, under their ivc hands and feefe ; and that after fuch approbation rates, fares, and prices, and the (aid rule* orders,

’ pad by-laws, (hall be printed, and publickly polled on the ■ $hplfd of the fad city of Cork, and on the fad work-[ hfafe, and fuch other places as the fad governors (kail tfapoint, and (hall from thenceforth be valid and cffec-

\‘£w*

.-* *XV. And be it further enafaed by the authority afore- Driver*, ftc. tjttd, that from and after the time the fad rates, fares, and	more

''daisies fhaU be fo limited and approved of as aforefaid, no {^j* rot Pinkney coachman, poft-chaifcmaa, driver, or carrier, of any above 4c*.

Ijlckin./ coach, poft-chaifc, chair, or fedan, in or about faid city, or within the liberties thereof^ (hall take by ll(e day, hour, or fet-down, above the rates, fares, and .Mates, fa to be limited as aforefaid: and that if any coach-Ipen, poft-chaifcman, chairman, or carriers of chairs or (hall cxa& more for his fare than according to the faveral rates fa to be limited, or behave with infoleiicc to his fat, or leave his fare without permiflion, the owners of •fach coach, poft-duife, chair, or fedao, (kali for every fuch .'.'tphcc of fuch coachman, poft-chatfeman, chairman, or farriers of chairs or fedaus, forfeit any'fum not exceeding f fay {failings; tu be levied or applied in manner as is herein ‘’Tbefore dire&ed.

XVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- perfom refkf-*" fa» That if any peifan or perfans fhall refufe to pay any ing to pay the

j.Vunchnuu, poft-chaifeman, driver or carriers of any ebairs farc» govcrnois I mfadans, the money juftly due to him for-carrying foch pcrfaa or perfans in his coach, poff-chaifs, chair or fcdan, or -fail wilfully break or deface any fuch coach, poft-chaifc, fair, or (Sedan, it (hall nod may be lawful to and for the fad governors, or any two or more of them, upon com- , ffaint made, and after one fummons dire&ed by than to , fjto party or parties complained againft, finally to hear *	and

Digitized by

Google

T%e firft Tear tf George HI. and determine’ the matter complained of, and upon proof* made thereof upon oath by 6ne credible witnefs, or by con-feflion of the party, to award a reafonable fatisfa&ion to the party aggrieved for his damage and cofts$ to be levied* upon refufal to make fuch fatisfa&ion, by warrant under the hands and feals of the faid governors, or any two or more of them, by diftrefs and fale of the offender® goods, rendering the overplus (if any be) the owners.

XVII.	And whereas the advancement and improvement of navigation within the harbour of the faid city of Cork will conduce to the publick benefit of this kingdom : wherefore, and for the preventing the channel^ of the river Lee within the faid harbour from being choked or impaired*! and alfo for the preventing difputes between mafters, owners* and freighters of (hips within the faid harbour, be it ena&ed No vefTel ihali by tie authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day^ su*!"	one	thoufand	fevcn hundred and fixty two, no (hip*

pointed.6 ** ***" bark, boat, or other veffel, having ballaft to difeharge within the harbour of the faid city of Cork, {hall difeharge the lame, or any part thereof, in the faid river Lee, but ia fuch place or places as fhall be appointed by the water bailiff of the faid city or his deputy, unlefs the fame be difeharged above high-water-mark, under the penalty and forfeiture of twenty fhilHngs for each veffel of the burthen of twenty tuns or upwards, and the penalty and forfeiture of ten (hillings for each veffel under the burthen of twenty tuns.

in w^1chalpU?^	XVIII. And he it further ena<fted by the authority

ing ballaft, z aforefaid, That from and. after the time aforefaid every (hip, tarpaulin (hall bark, boat, or other veffel, taking in ballaft from any be fixed to pre- lighter or other veffel, or difeharging ballaft into any lighter

*tnc any from f illing into the river.

Penalty 10I.

or other veffel within the faid harbour, fhall nail or fix a tarpaulin or fail cloth from the gunnel or ballaft port of fuch veffel, to hang over the gunnel of fuch lighter or other veffel, fo as to prevent any ballaft or dirt falling into the faid river, under the penalty and forfeiture of ten fhdlings for each fuch offence.

XIX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-

____________ faid. That	from and after	the	time aforefaid	no {hip,

bridges, except	bark, boat,	or other veffel,	fhall	take up any	ballaft or

as herein	filling in any part of the faid river Lee below	the north

Penalty ios.	an(j South	Bridges of the	faid	city of Cork,	except in

fuch place or places as fhall from time to time be apj pointed by the faid water-bailiff or his deputy, under the like penalty and forfeiture of ten (hillings for every fuch offence.

XX. And

No ballaft tattn below north and fouth

Digitized by

Google

J

No rnbhtfh to

Tbe Jirfi Tear rf George 111.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore*

faid, That from and after the time aforefaid no perfos fhall throw any flones, rubbifh, or dirt, into the faid river, or into any Qther publick docks or creeks of the (aid river; and that every perfon offending therein, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence two (hillings and fix pence ; and that Jj? *hr<>wn fuch flones, ruhbifh, or dirt, fhall be removed out of the faid *	***

river, channel, dock, or creek, at the coffs and charges of the offender.

XXI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Ships dull faid. That from and after the time aforefaid every (hip or keep buoys to other veffel, anchoring or mooring in the faid river between sochors

the Spit-End and Dundaniel-Houfe, fhall keep proper Pcluity ,0* and fufficient buoys to their anchors in order to prevent other fhips from mooring foul, or overlaying each other; and that every matter or other perfon, who fhall have charge of a (hip or other veffel, who fhall offend herein, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit ten flail- •

Hogs.

XXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Anchors car-

laid, That from and after the time aforefaid every fhip or ried as far out other vcffej, anchoring or mooring in the (aid river from »• convenient Dundaniel-Houfe lb the Marfh-End, fhall carry their an- ^^buoyt. chors as far out of the channel, as may be conveniently ^	l0s.

done, and fhall alfo keep proper and fufficient buoys to their

anchors ; and that every fhip or other veffel, anchoring or mooring from the Marfh-End to the Cuttom-houfe dock in the faid city of Cork, fhall cany their anchors to the fouth-ward of the channel beyond low-water mark, and fhall alfo keep proper and fufficient buoys to their anchors ; ant) that every fhip or other veffel, anchoring or mooring in the faid river from the Cuflom-houfe dock to the North-bridge in the faid city, fhall place their anchor as far from the renter as poiEble, and fhall alfo keep proper and fufficient buoys to their anchors ; and that every mailer or ether perfon, who fhall have the charge of a fhip or other veffri, who fhall offend in any or either of the faid cafes, fhall for every fuch cffence forfeit ten fhillings.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority Trgj aforefaid. That from and after the time aforefaid no ihip or ^unpow-other veffel whatsoever, having on board any quantity of dcr^ia-di come gun-power exceeding the weight of fifty pounds, fhali come UP

higher up in the faid river than the White-Horfo or the Chpf^at‘y 51. Marfh-End, until the faid gun-powder be di(charged, under the penalty of five pounds^er/i/i^, to he forfeited by the matter or perfon who fhall have charge of every fuch fhip or veffel.

XXIV.	And

Digitized by Google

Vtflds as foon as difchargcd (hail leave Cuftom-hoofe quay.

Ships not elofe in docks, penalty Si.

Vcffcls at anchor (hall have fufficient hands to flack cables.

Penalty 10I.

The firft Tear of George FTI.

XXIV.	Aad be it further cn&ded by the authority albre-faid, That from and after the time afarefaid no (hip or Qthef defied (hall continue at the Cuftom-houfe quay in the fail city of Cork for anqr longer time, than fuck fhip or veflel (hall be difch&rging or loading''goods ; and that asfb&a as any (hip or other veffel is difeharged or laden, (ho fink depart from the quay, the next tide after (he floats; and that every (hip or veffel, having a warrant to difeharge, fha& take place of every fhip or veffel, which has not a warraat for (o doingj and that the laden fhip or veflel, comings to difeharge, (hall take place ; and that every mafter or othftr perfon, having charge of any (hip or veflel, refufing fo to give place, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit forty (hillings j and that the water-bailiff or his deputy may be authorised and impowered to remove the (aid (hip or other veflel to fame other place.

XXV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afote-faid, That from and after the time aforefaid no (hip or (hips, or other veflels, (hall lie fo elofe in the {aid Cuftom* boufe dock, or in any other publick dock in the (aid city fo as to prevent any other (hip or veflel from having a fret paflage into or out of fuch docks on every fide, under the penalty of five pounds for every (hip or veflel, which (kail block up or obftru& fuch paffage ; unlefs it (hall appear, that fuch (hip or veflel was (truck on ground by accident, or be-aipt by the tide.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afer©-faid. That from and after the time aforefaid every mafter or other perfon, who (hall have charge af every fhip or other veflel, lying at anchor from the North-Bridge to the Black Rock in the faid river, (hall at all times keep fufficient hands on board, who (hall flack their cables or hawfers, as often as (hall be needful, for the fafe and free paflage of every other (hip, boat, or veflel up and down the river, under the penalty of ten (hillings for every neglect thereof.

Veflels refilling XXVII. And whereas feveral laden fluff rtiaf want eon-?^ace to venient births at the feveral ‘ quays in the faid city, where ter-bailiffmay1"	fhips are made faff, the matters or other perfons hav-

give notice to	charge of which may refufe to give way to fuch laden

remove.	(hips	to	difeharge: and whereas alfo feveral fhips may hap-

pen to moor, or lie at anchor in the (aid river, fo as to ob-itru& the free navigation therein : be it further enadbed by* the authority aforefaid. That from and after the time aforefaid the water-bailiff and his deputy may be refpe&ively authorized and required to give notice to any fuch (hip or veffel, fo refufing to give place to any laden (hip, or obftrudfc-ing the free navigation in the faid city, to remove to fome

Other

Penalties, on

Thefirfi Tier tf George lit. odker convenient place without delay 5 end that the mafter • er other perfon hating charge of any fuch (hip or other yeffid, who (hall refufe or negleft fo to do, (hall for etcry Mi offence forfeit forty (hillings; and that the hud war ^Msdhff and his deputy may be further authorised and repaired upon etery Audi refufal or negleft to remote fooh tiip mr Slips, vdTel or veflels, to Tome convenient birth, near the Met where fuch (hip or (hips, veffel or veflels, then ley, as they (hall judge rnoft proper.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforcfaid. That the feveral penalties herein before mentioned ^hTLeyar ns WetiL and may, upon complaint being made before the mayor covered/* of die fiiid city of Cork, be recovered and levied in a fum-

Jh&fy way from the refpeftive matters or other perions haring charge of any (hip or (hips, veflel or veflels, offending hi the prfcmifles, by dillrcfs and (ale of the offenders goods and chattels by warrant under the hand and feal of the (aid mayor : half of the faid feveral penalties to be paid to the iTeafurcr of the work-houfc of the (aid city, and the other fcdf to the informer, or other perfon, who (hall fue for the lone.

XXIX.	And be it Anther enafted by the authority Vertam ficd a&refaid. That if any perfon (hall be food or molefted for

any thing done by virtue or in purfuanc* of thb aft, \gnc ®cnetmi tiich perfon may plead the general imie, and give this aft Thb a p*b~ (which (hall be deemed a publick aft) and the (pedal mat- lbk ad. fer in evidence for his defence; and that if a wrdift (hall pais for the defendant, or the plaintiff difeontiaue his action, or be non-fuited, or judgment be given agaioft him Upon demurrer or otherwise, the defendant (haU have mad recover double cofts.

CHAP.

Digitized by

6z	% The firft Tear of Gecfrge III.

A. D.

CHAP. XIX.

An A3 for building a Stone Bridge from the Quay oppoftfc Prince's Street in the City of Cork to Lavi? s-IJland, and at Stone* Bride from thence to the Red-Abbey Marjh, <wit& d Draw-Bridge or Lifting-Bridge of Wood in the Centre of the* latter, fufficient' to let Vtffels pafs and repafs ; and alfo for* fapplying the faid City with Water.

I	*L	'

5 G. 3 *4, io, IT THE REAS there are on?y two publick avenues lead-&<a6 g -	8 VV ing *nt0 t^le	Cork, which avenues arc

^	*	3* 2 narrow and inconvenient: and whereas the making publick.

avenues into corporate cities will contribute to the eafe and fafety of paffengers, the adorning the faid cities, and will be of ufe and benefit to the publick : be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and | confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feyen hundred and fixty two, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the mayor, fheriffs, and commonalty of the faid city of Cork to build and erefl a ftone bridge, not exceeding in breadth twenty fix feet, over a branch,of the river Lee running through the faid city, from the quay oppose to the ftreet called PrinceVftreet, on Dunfcomb’s-marih in faid city, to the northern or oppofite part of the ifland called LavitVifland: and alfo to build and ere& one other bridge from the fouthern part of faid ifland over the fouthem channel of the river Lee to the Red-abby marfh in the fouthern liberties of the faid city, not exceeding the breadth of twenty fix feet; and that the faid lalt mentioned bridge {hall contain two ftone arches ; and between the faid arches there (hall be a lifting or* portcullis-bride, of at leaft twenty four feet in the clear in length, in order to permit {hips and veflels to pafs and repafs; and that the faid two bridges, and all ways and paffages leading thereto, {hall always be and remain publick avenues to and from faid city.

II.	And whereas the faid city of Cork, from its conti-Tofupply guity to the fea, and the frequent flux of falt-water tides, the city with wants a fupply of frefh water, as well for the convenience a# frefh water. the health of the inhabitants thereof: for remedy whereof be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the common council of the faid city for the time being and fuch freemen at large of the faid city as fhall be elected in open

court

Google

Tbt firft Ytmr of George III.

Senurt of Doyer Hundred\ after a previous pofting m writing right days on the exchange of the laid city for that pur-pofe, and the perfon and perfons to be by them appointed * employed from time to time, to enter into the fcveral ids of any perfon or perfons within the liberties of the city, (houfes, gardens orchards, and yards excepted) >and to dig, raife, and make one or more rdervoir or refer- -Wn thereon for the holding and containing frefh water, and to dig, cut, and carry any trench or trenches, water-courfe or water-courfes from the faid referroir or refervoir* to any river or rivers adjacent for the effe&ual conveying water to the laid refervoir or refervoirs; and alfo from time *0 time to enter upon the laid grounds to repair the (aid refervoir or refervoirs, watcr-courfe or water-courfes, and alio to dig and cut through the laid lands from the faid refervoit or refervoirs, and to fix and lay pipes in and through the feme, and in and through all (beets, lanes, ways, and paflages in the laid city, for conducting and conveying the laid water from the laid refervoir or refervoirs to the frveral parts of the laid city; the common council of faid city, and fiich freemen at large of the faid city as (hall be fo deded as afordaid, always paying to the refpedive owners and * occupiers of the laid feveral grounds, on which the laid refervoir or refervoirs, water-courfe or water-courfes, lhall be fo made, and in and through which the faid pipe (hall be £> laid and carried as aforefaid, fuch rates or damages in cafe the parties (hall not amicably adjult the fame, as (hall be adjudged reafonable by a jury of freeholders of the county of the faid city, to be impannelled at the next affixes for the county of the laid city for that purpofe by the fherifT* of the faid city; and whofe verdid (hall be taken before the judge or judges of affize for the laid county of the laid city.

III.	Provided no perfon (hall be on the faid jury, who (hall be one of the laid common council, or one of the laid freemen fo to be eleded as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon lhall break, throw down, or deftroy any trench or trenches, water-courfe or water-courfes fo to be made in purfuance of this ad, or lhall make any hole or holes through the laid water-courfe or water-courfes, or lhall make any new trench or trenches from the faid courfe, to cany off or divert the water from the fame, every perfon fb offending lhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten, pounds; to be recovered by civil bill before the nex* going judges of affize for the county of the faid city; one moiety thereof to be paid to the treafurer of the work-boufe of the faid city for the ufe of the faid work-houfe, and the other moiety to the peribn who will inform and fue for the lame.

V. And

No common council or iaid freemen on the

1^7-	.

Deftroy mg faid trencher, or diverting ths water, peoalt} 10L

6+	Thtfirfi Tear George III.

A. D. V. And be it further enafted by the authority afbrcM* 1761. fold, That if any perfon (hall be fued or mole&ed for aiy thing done by virtue or in purfoancd of this aft, fuck pqrfany JPtrfon* feed nay plead the general iffue, and give this aft (which flfctiS.

1	be deemed a publick aft) and the fpecial matter in evidmm

iffue, Ireland ft* his defence; and that if a verdict (hall pafe for the 4n-* double coils on #fendant, or the plaintiff difcontinue his aftion, or be nOtt** < fuited, or judgment given agamft him on demurrer or etherwife, the defendant (hall have and recover dmAfcr softs.

The Third Year of GEORGJS III. CHAP. VI.

An AB for continuing and amending an AB, intituled, An A3 for making the River Lagan navigable, and opening a Paf-fage by Water between Laughneagh and the Town of Belfaft in the County of Antrim.

WHEREAS by an aft paffed in the twenty feventh year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond of glorious memory certain duties, rates, and impofitions were granted to his faid late Majefty King George the fecond for the ufe of the corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland'to be by them laid out and expended in making the river Lagan navigable, and opening a paffage by water between Lough-neagh and the town of Belfaft in the county of Antrim: and hereby altered, whereas the faid aft is to expire on the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four: and whereas a great number of perfbns liable by the faid aft to the payment of the faid duties (that is to fay) the inhabitants of part of the gaugers-walks of Belfaft, Lifburne, Moyra, and Hillfborough, within the diftrift of Lifburne, are willing and defirous, that the fame (hall be continued in Otter to carry on and accomplifh the faid navigation : be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty by and with /	the	advice	and	confeot	of	the lords fpiritual and temporal and

commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, that the feveral and refpeftive duties and impofitions in and by the faid aft granted to his Majefty, or chargeable in the manner therein mentioned, from the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty three, to the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, be further granted, continued, raifed, eollefted, levied, and paid unto his Majefty, hfe heirs and fucceffors, for nine years from the twenty * fifth day of Pooffinber, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty

* 3	.	four.

nonfuit, &c.

This a pub-lkk ad.

27 G. 2. 3 The dutiei thereby gran continued 9 years to 25 Dec. 1773, and applied to the faid navigation except as

Digitized by

The third Year of George III. four to the twenty f&h day of December, onethoefimd fcveti hundred and (eventy three, and no longer, in and throughout kdi parts of the gaugers-walk* of Beiftft, Lifbiftme,

Moytfl, and HiUfeorongh, within the find diftrid of Lif-Ww, as are not part and parcel of the manners of Hillf-buobHgh, KQwariin, Caftkreagh, and Slatnels 5 the Dme to he railed and applied to and fin- the ufe of the corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland in order to accomplish the faid navigation, and to be paid in the fame manner, and with the like powers, provisoes, and daufes, in the faid ad contained, except fuch alterations and amendments as are hereafter mentioned.

II.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any beer, ale, aquavits?, ilrong waters^ or fpiiits, repaid on m-for which the faid additional duties or impofitions (hall or

ought to be paid by virtue of this ad, (hall within twelve	thc

months after the payment of the faid additional duties be beer,fpirits, fee*

exported out of the kingdom, or carried out of the faid parts

of the faid walks in the diftri& of Li(burne to any part of

this kingdom, the colle&or, who (hall have received fuch

additional duties, (hall repay the fame to the common breyrer,

vi&ualler, or diililler of fuch beer, ale, or fpirits.

III.	Provided always. That before fuch repayment be Upon certi-made, the faid bre# t, vi&ualler, or difliller do produce to *

the colle&or a certificate under the hand of the gauger of £aor of pro-the walk, in which fuch brewer, vidualler, or drfWicr rciides, vkhu notice that he the (aid gauger had previous notice of fuch beer, of the time, ak, and fpirits being to be exported or fent out of the walk,	*

-expreffing the time of his receiving fuch notice and qu intity fo to be exported or fent, and the port or place to which the (aid beer, ale, and fpirits are to be exported or fent, and the place of abode and name of the perfon to whom, and alfo the time when, they were intended to be fo exported or fent, and alfo make bath before the colledor (who is hereby impowered to adminifter the faid oath) that the faid beer, ale, and fpirits have been reaDy and bona jido exported or carried out of the faid walk conformable to fuch notice; and that he verily believes, that they have not been, and are not intended to be brought back into any of the (aid walks for confumption.

IV.	Apd be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That A P^Midc this ad (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken as a publick

act ; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juttices, and' other perfons whatfoever, without fpe-cially pleading the fame*	.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,	,

That this. a& (hall continue and be in force for nine years ^ 140. $. from the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand (even c. 1*.

hm dred'and fety four, to the twsntr fifth day of December Explained Vol. V.	E	one

The duties

\

A.D-*763*

J. >*.

19. 70 G. 3 32. On notice to

r}:r colli v'ior I»y the corporation ti.a-f the navigation iscom-p . . o!. tne A to ctafe.

Tbt third Year tf George III.

one thoufafid > fever* hundred and fetenty three^ and nm longer.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enabled by tfie authority aforefaid, That if at iny time during the continuance of this. a& the corporation for carrying on an inland navigation fa Ireland fhould have paid off all fums of money, which they may have borrowed for the better carrying 011 the faid navigation, and fhould be certified, that the faid navigation between Belfafl and Loughneagh is compleated and finiflied, then and in thaj cafe upon notice given by the faid corporation to the colle&or of Lifburne that the faid navigation is fo compleated, that from thenceforth the faid additional rates, duties, and impefitiona fhall ceafe and determine, any thing in this a& to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAP. IX.

An A3 for explaining an Ad, intituled, An Act for letter Applying the city of Dublin <zv'th Corn and Flour ; and alfo an ' Ad, intitu led, An Act for amending an Ad, intituled, An Act for better /applying the City of Dublin with Corn and Flout.

P*rnvurn bv 3 f G. 2. 1. artd 33 < ; v. f9r hrir.png cmrf ofr'Hnsj: to l>nh Jin pr«*portion-aMy jmmV-

diftum above 10.

Affi i:Wh by owner or perfon, employed before a juftice of the v cnimtjvwhence, If*.'

WHEREAS feme doob's have nrifrr upon the con-ftru&ion of the faid nefs, whether any perfon can be intitled to a premium for bringing com or flour to the city of Dublin, where the pluv, from whence the fame is brought, is not full Jive rrnhjs d’ibmt from the city of Dublin over and above ten mites; and alfo whether pearl barley be intitled to any premium under the la id ach : for the.removing of which doubts, be ft enacted by the Krug’s moft excellent Mr.jefly by and with the advice andconfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembltd, and by the authority of the fame, That, from gnd after the firftday of June, oae thoufand feven hundred and fixtyfour, that every perfon, intitled to receive any of tlje premiums given by tire faid acts, (hall receive the fame proportionably according to the number of miles the place, from’whence the corn or flour fhall be brought, fli&ll be diflant from the city of Dublin over and above ten miles ; and that the perfons, who bring pearl barley to the city of Dublin, fhall be intitled to the like premium as for malt, upon performing the feveral requiiites in the laid a&s mentioned.

y^And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of June,'one thoufand feven hundred and fixtyfour, no perfon fhall be intitled to receive any premium granted by this or the farmer a&s

for

Digitized by Google

7%t third Tear of George HI.-	67

ibr' bringing of corn, flour, malt, or pearl barley t<X Dublin* A. D. unlefs the owner thereof, or fomeperfon employed by. him	1763.

or her to take care of the fame, where it grew or was made, do, before the fame is brought to Dublin, make fuch affidavit before a juftice of the peace of the county, from whence it is to be brought, and obtain fuch certificate, as is required by the former afts, and (hall fwear before fuch juftice* that neither he, nor any other perfon to his belief, has received any premium for the fame, or made any affidavit but the prefent to intitle him to a premium for the fame.

CHAP. XI.

An AQ for altering and amending an Ad, intituled, An Act for amending an Ad,. intituled, An Act for encouragement of Tillage and better Employment of the Poor ; and alfo for the more effedual putting in Execution an A3, intituled. An Act to encourage the draining and improving of Bogs and unprofitable low Grounds, and for eafing and difpatching the Inland Carriage and Conveyance of Goods from one Part to another in this Kingdom, and alfo for laying fveral Duties upon • Coaches, Berlins, Chariots, Calajhcs, Cha fes and Chairs,

. and upon Cards and Dice, and upon wrought and manufactured Gold and Silver Plate, imported into or made in Inland, for the Purpofcs therein mentioned; and alfo for rr-peaTtng the Duties payable upon the Exportation of ITool, Bay-Tarn, and Woollen-Yam, out of this Kingdom for England.

WHEREAS by the Paid a ft herein before mentioned, the commiflioncrs therein pientioned and deferib-ed, were from and after the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty two, united and elected into one company, body politick or corporate, by the name, ttile, and title of the corporation for promotiug and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland, to have perpetual fuc-ceffion, with feveral powers and authorities which in and by the faid aft are particularly mentioned and exprefTcd: and whereas it is among other things enacted in and by the faid aft, that the faid corporation, eleven or more of them bcin^ prefent, (hould and might hold a general court or aU fembly at fome convenient place in the city of Dublin (our times in every year on the following days, that is to fay* 011 every Monday immediately next after the firft day of May, every firll day of Auguft, every firft day of November, and every firft day of February rtfpcftively, and oftener as the faid corporation, eleven or more of them being prefent, {hould fee occafion ; and that the (aid corporation, eleven or more of them being prefent, might and (hould at their general quar-. . ;	E	2	ter3

2% O 2. to.

Digitized by CjOOQle

t

Cammifli-

ftbefft or af-fiftants, by 2$ G. 2. 10. appointed* dec.

T^e coQjo-raffon may Apply the dut’es in building and fumilhing a houfe in city or county of Dublin for their meeting, and in mean time for hire of a houfc*

Ho thktd y^ar of George ITT. t#ri MHtfog, wkieh IhpuVd fe* Weld the Monday after die fiHfc day of Fe^rujry nest eufuing the paflSng the fold a&, and fo on Monday ne*t after the lirft day of 'February in every fuccceding year, conftmite and appoint out of and from themfelves tweoty four commiffiqners to be called alfiftantg, which faid afliftants were to be ehofen in manner, as by the faid a& is djre&ed ; and the (aid afiiftantt for the time being, or any five or more of them, were thereby impowered* to ‘meet and a&mble themfelves together at one of the two places, where the feud corporation had ufually met in the. city off Dublin, (to wit) his Majefty’s callle of Dublin or the Parliament houfe, and as often as they lhould think pro-er: and whereas the two places mentioned and appointed iy the faid recited a<B for thg meeting and af&mblmg of tbe-fitid afififtants, or any five or more of them, (to4 wit) hie Ma-jeftyVca&le of Dublin or the Parliament houfe, has# been found inconvenient: be it ena&ed by die King’s gioft excellent Majefty by and with the advice andconfcnt of the lords fpmtqal anq temporal and Conantons in this prefont Parliament aflcmbled, ^nd by the authority of the fame. That from and after the pa fifing of this a& it (half and may be lawftil to and for the faid twenty four eommifitoncra or afliftjints for the time being, or any five dr more of them, from time to time and as often as they (hall think proper, to meet and aflemble themfelves together at any Convenient place in the city ojr county of Dublin according to their cHf-cVetion for the purpqfo of executing all foch powers and authorities, as are given and granted to them by the laid re* cited aCh

It. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefeid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland to apply fo much of the duties veiled in them byadi of Parliament, as (hall be n^ceifary for building a convenient houfe within the cky or county of Dubfoi, ahd furnifhiag the fame wijth proper accommodations for the reception of the faid corporation and afliftants to meet and affomble in for putting hi execution the feveral ppwers and authorities veiled in them by law ; ^nd until fuch houfe (hall be built and furnifbed as aforefaid, to apply fo much of the faid duties as (hall be necefiary for the rent or hire of a hpufc within the faid city or county of Dublin fitting and proper for their accommodation.

III. And whereas the commifljoners, appointed by the faid feveral adis for putting the fame in execution at their feveral and refpe&ive' meetings to do bufineft are thereby difabled from acting, unleft elfcv£n or more of them be pqe-font: and whereas tfie affenjbling fo great a number to do the ordinary ^pd neceifary bufineft of the. faid corporation '	4	has

The third T}dr cf George If I.	69

iiis been found rtij difficult* and great disappointments and A. dela/t Rave frequently fdllowed tain a fafficifnt number not 1763 • ftetftiag at the tifres appointed far that pdrpdfe j be it en- Chirp. 1 < * afted by the authority afortfasl, Thai from and after the fitft day of May next, feven of mart of the faid corporation being present, ftiah at all times hereafter Rave full power ahd authority to do aH fnch aft#* as any Hereto of other quorum or number of the (aid corporation might have done by rirttie of tMe foveral ftattoes in that cafe m4de and provided* en-cdpt to grant money for the otrirying on of works now begun or hereafter to be begiin.

IY. And in drdefr to enable the faid corporation to carry on and prOfecwte the works noW undertaken* or hereaftef ta lie undertaken b/ them* in the mbft rffcftual and fuificicnt manner, be it enabled by the authority aforefind* That frort Overfeeror nod after thd firft efty df May# ond thonfaud feven huhdred hi* aproirte* And fikty four* it (haH atod may be lawful to and for every jj*AT ra,fc . oferfeer appointed by thf faid corporation or any feren or ftmre bf thdm to the care and direction of the works by them fm*,n a £*r-carried o<b atod for fufcb perfon or periods tv fuch overfeer cU-n, orchard, feaH from time to time appoint by order of the faid cotpO- TarJ» d«ctpark# tttidn or any feven of them firft obtained for that purpofc* ** 1VC,,UC« to open an/ qtiarfy or quarries, gravel* or fand# or cliY-pifa^ or gravd, fond* or clay-pits* and thereout to raile* digg* and gather ftooefc, gfavcl, fand, or el * iu the fdveral grounds of Any pirfbn dr periods, not being 4 garden, or-riUrd, inck>fcd yard, deer-park* pldhte&walk, or artnue t<V a hoofe, whtfre atfy ftich materials ate' or may be found, and from time td timtf to cafry Away the fairic# or fo much thereof as filch overfeer (Had adjudge neeeffary, to be made ufe of in any total* fcrafck* r6ad, or other works under takfn or tp be undertaken by tbs faid corporation* fattsfa&ion being firft making firft made to the proprietors and 00ctipiers of the grounds {-cttlrdbV'** r u that fhafl be m4di tffe* of of damaged thertby 5 which fatis- ^ 2} G. su fc&ion* in ca& the feme earinol be Adjufled by the parties* fhall be Rrarily affcertained by a jury in fuch manner, 4s bf the aft of the twenty fifth of his kffc* Majefty is dihefted for making fatisfa&ion for fuch grounds* as (hall be daVnaged* in making of fmiftiirfg any cankR or* in makiifg Any nVer navigable,

V.	And jh ofder to preferve arid keep in repair the feve- Turnpike* fal track-rftads which noW art or hereafter may be made m«Y ** along 4r,y caned or navigable rivef by the direftipn of the	^

feid corporation. Re it enacted by the authority aforefaid, ^k*, aiMftl That from and after the firft day of May, one’thoufand feven uke^, *p-hiredred aif)d fixty four* it fhafl and may be lawful to and for W-ed u pa^r the /aid corporation or any feven or more of theft, or fuch	*;th

perfon or perfons as they or any feven or rfiOre' df them (haU ™ ^ ^ ftikodlx and appoint* to crpft or caufe to* be* erffted one*

or

Digitized by v^ooQle

The third Year of George I IT. or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, or acrofs any track-road or other road, which now is or hereafter by the diredion and order of the faid corporation fhall be made along or on the banks of any canal or navigable river, and alfo fuch toll-houfe or toll-houfes as they (hall judge neceffary; and the faid corporation or any feven or more of them fhall and may from time to time appoint fuch toll and duties to be. there demanded, received, and taken, or may compound with any perfon or perfons for the fame, before? any horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, chair, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, not fervifig or helping any veffel in palling up or down the faid canal or river, fhaU be permitted to pafs through fuch gate or turnpike, as they fhall think fit and reafonable; and all the tolls or duties, which fhall be received or collefted as aforefaid, the neceffary charges of collecting the fame to be afeertained by the faid corporation or any feven or more of them being firft deducted, fhaU be applied to repair and keep up the faid road, and if not wanted for that uie, to fuch other ufe for the benefit of the works undertaken or to be undertaken by the faid v	corporation,	as	the	faid	corporation	or any feven of them

fhall think proper and convenient; and the faid corporation or any feven or more of them are hereby impowered by themfelves, or any perfon or perfons by them or any feven or more of them under their hands and feals thereunto authorized, to levy the toU or duty hereby required to be paid ‘	u'pon	any perfon or perfons, who (hall after demand made

thereof negled or refufe to pay the fame, by diftrefs of any horfe or goods, upon which fuch toll or duty fhall be im-pofed as aforefaid, or upon any other of the goods or chatties of fuch perfon or perfons who ought to pay the fame, and may detain and keep the fame, until fuch toll or duty with the reafonable charges of fuch diflraining or keeping' fhall be paid ; and after the fpace of five days after fuch diftrefs made and taken to feU the goods fo diftrained, returning the overplus, if any, upon demand to the owner thereof.

VI.	And whereasi by a former ad it is enaded, That no as	perfon	or perfons fhall during the term in the faid ad men-

ace '16 allowed tioned fet up or exercife the employment of making cards in in Limerick. any town or place in this kingdom except in the cities of Dublin or Cork : and whereas fince the palling the faid ad paper-mills have been ereded in the liberties of the city of Limerick : and whereas it may contribute to the encourage-'	:	mtnt	of the manufadure of paper in the faid city, if the

like permiffion be given to make cards in the faid city, as in * *’t	the	cities of Dublin and Cork: be it er.adcd by the au-

thority aforefaid, that from and after the frrfl day of Auguft • *	next

Digitized by

Google

L

[	7*be	third Jtar of George III.

maa k (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or prr-fons to fet up and excrcife the employment of making of . cards in the city of Limerick or the liberties thereof upon giving fuch notice to the colledor of the port of the laid city, as is required by the faid ad in the cities of Dublin and Cork ; fubjett neverthelefs to fuch regulations, rdtric-tions, and penalties, as in the (aid ad is mentioned with re-fpcd to card-makers in the cities of Dublin and Cork.

CHAP. XII.

Ati Ad for continuing the Encouragement given by former Ads of Parliament to the Flaxen and Ham fen Manufadures.

XXTHEREAjS by an ad of Parliament made in the A V V __ ninth year of the reign of her late Majefiy Queen Continued to Anne, intituled. An ad to erf orce fuch acts at have been made i8c6, by 2$ for the improvement of the linen manufacture, and for the fur- 3 c **• f. 3. iker regulation of the fame, an additional duty of one (hiing Q and fix pence per yard was laid on all white, painted* and Y-’

Gained callicoes, and Gx pence per yard on all forts of linen, c. %t] f • * which Ihould be imported into this kingdom within the fpacc of feven years, commencing from the end of the then next feffion of Parliament, and from the expiration of the faid term of feven years to the end of the next fefGon of Parliament eufuing, to be applied to encourage the hempen and flaxen manufadures of this kingdom, and to.be fubjed to the difpofal, order, and management of the trukees appointed for the encouragement of the hempen andkaxen manufadures of this kingdom; which (hid duties were further continued by an ad pafleu iu the fecond year of the reign of his Majefty King George the firk, intituled. An aff fen- a <7 r t, continuing the encouragement given by former ads of Parlum^nt f. 7-to the flaxen and hempen manufadures, and for the further im-provement and regulation of the fame, during the remaindc.' of the (aid firk term of feven years, and alfo during the further term of feven years from the expiration of the (aid former term of (even years, and from tiicnce to the end of the fefGon of Parliament then next following $ and which faid duties were further continued, but with an exception to the manufadure of Great Britain, by an ad paked in the tenth year of the reign of his Majelfy King George the firk, iiitituled. An ad for amending the fevered lavas wnp hr force 10 G 1. z for encouraging the flaxen and hempen manufadures iu tins king- f 15. dam, and for the improvement thereof : and whereas by ao ad pafled in the Grk year of the reign of his late Majeity King George the fecond, intituled, An ad for the further improve-	, (; l t|

ment of the flaxen and hempen manufadures of this kingdom, f. 18. the faid duties were further continued, and an additional

duty

Digitized by v^ooQle

Additional

Yhe third Year of George Iff. duty of owe fhilliug and fix pence per yand was laid oft *11 painted and ftained muffins imported into this kingdom, to be applied end difpofed of in the fame manner with the faid additional duties ota calicoes and linen: and whereas the faid duties on calicoes, muffins, and linen have been by fevcral afts of Parliament continued, but will expire with the • of thisprefent feffion of Parliament, and it isneceflWry for the fupport -and encouragement of the faid mantrfdfturcs, that the faid duties fhould be continued for a further term j be it enafted by the King’s meft excellent Majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affem-bkd, and by the authority of the fame, That aU white, duty on calicoes Paintcd, and ftained calicoes, and all painted and flame*! and muffing &c. muffins, except fuch calicoes and muffins as are painted and imported,unlefc ftained in Great Britain, and all forts of linen, which fhali in Great Britain, be Sported into this kingdom, except tliey be of the ma-byr*7 18 C 3 Du^a^ur€ Q**at Britain, or be painted or ftained in Great c. ai.fi 7. Britain, at any time within the fpace of twenty one years from the end of this prefent feffion of Parliament, and from thence to the end of the feffion of Parliament then next en-fuing, fhall anfwer and pay unto his Majeftv, his heir$ and fucceffors, thefeveral rates and duties following, (that isio fay) one fhilfing and fixpence per yard for every yard of-white, painted, and ftained calicoes, painted and darned muflins, except aa aforefaid, which fhall be imported into (this kingdom within the time aforefaid ; and fixpence a yard for every yard of any fort of linen, except as aforefaid, which (hall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforefaid ; the faid feveral duties to be raffed, levied, collected, and paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, during the continuance thereof, over and above all other du ties payable for the fame by virtue of an aft made in this kingdom ig the fourteenth and fifteenth, years of the reign of King Charles the fecond, intituled, An act for fettling the excife or rtenv impojt upon his Mayejly, his heirs and fucceffors, according to the booh of rates therein infer ted, L*nd by virtue of one other aft made in the faid fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of the faid King Charles, intituled, An act for fettling the fubjidy of poundage, and granting a fedfdy of tannage, and other* films of money, veto his royal Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, the fame to be paid upon merchandizes '	imported and exported into or out of the kingdom of Ireland, ac-

cording to a hook of rates, thereunto annexed ; and that the aforefaid refpeftiye duties laid and impofed by this aft on all white, painted, and ftafned calicoes, and painted and ftained inuflins, and linen cloths, fhall, during the continuance thereof, Jae applied to the ufe of t»he hempen and flaxen manufac-

........... ’ vL: '.............f . }m

Ko drawback

Tbi third Temr tf George III. tarts is this kingdom, am) to no other ufe whatfaexer ; and that tfee frveral turns of money arifing from the feud duties lb grtutcA fhnfl from time to time be ptidby the tke-titn* fewer or the receiver general of this kingdom to the (aid thif- , tees for the time being, upon a warrant under their hands, or the hands of any five or more of them, without any other or further warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained, is that behalf.

II.	And be it further eua&cd by the authority afore-fkid, That no drawback or debenture (haB be allowed, paid, °® a9oiU or given by any eofle&ors, or any other officers of his Ma-jtfty*s revenue, to any per (on or perfons tor or on account

of exporting of any caiicoe, muffin, Holland, iaihcloth, er linen whadoever out of this kingdom, excepting fuch as sue of the manjifa&nre of, or painted or ftahied m Great B<twn ; any former law, tifege, or cts&om to the contrary thereof many wife not with (landing.

III.	And whereas in order to encourage the importation 5*. p* bogfe of good (bond foreign hemp feed and flax feed into this king- ke*d premium dom at eafy aod reafonable rates, a premium of fire fluffing*

a hogfhead hath been granted and continued by federal afi* of Parlkmaeot pafled m this kingdom in the rv’gn of herRuffi*, Sweden, Majefty Queen Anne* his Majefty King Geotge the firft, Denmark, Poind his late Majefty King George the fecond, to whoever Arnold import, or caufe to be imported into this kingdom, e any good apd found hetnp feed or flax feed ot the growth of Ruffia, Germany, the Netherlands, the Eaft country, or - any of the Eagliihplantations in America, for feveral fuc-ceffive terms of years, the laft whereof will expire with the end of this prefent feflion of Parliament; and it hath been found by experience, that the heft hemp feed and flax feed pray be had frojn the ports herein after mentioned, and that the faid encouragement for the importation of good found hemp feed and flax feed (hoidd be continued for a further terra : be it enabled by jhc authority aforefaid, - That whoever (hall import, or caufe to be imported into this kingdom, any good and found hemp feed or flax feed from any port in Rnffia, Sweden, Denmark, Poland, ProGia, Germany, or any port on the fiahick fca, or w ithin the found, or from Hamburgh, or AHetia, or airy of the EngH/h plantations in America, within the fpsec of twenty one years from the end of this prefent feflion of Parliament, and from thence to'thc end of the then next fucceeding feflion of Parliament, (haH receive for every hogfhead of fura hemp feed or flax feed, as a premium, the fum of five (hillings flerling, to be paid by nich officer or officers, and in fnefe manner as drawbacks are uiual-

IV.	Provided, That during the faid term of twenty one	,	.

years^ and until the end of the then fucceeding fefiioti of h	xi

farliamcnt, yeais, ii cxixuv

Digitized by L.ooQle

C<3, unlefn on

(hipped at or fouthward of Dundalk, &c.

The third Teat of George IIT.

Parliament, eveiy merchant, who fliall export any hemp feed or flax feed, fhail for every hogfliead thereof fo exported pay live (hillings cultom to the King, his heirs and fucce£Ibrs»i unlefs oath be made before the commifiioners, fub-commif-fioners, or officer of the port, where fuch flax feed or hemp' feed (hall be exported, that the fame was of the growth of © re an . this kingdom ; and that no perfon fliall be intitled to receive fuch premium, until he hath made oath before the colle&pr of the cuftoms in the port, where fuch feed fliall be import-, ed, ex prefling the name of the county from whence, he believes the fame was imported, and that he verily believes the fame to be found and good, and of the growth of the fum-'	mer then next preceding.

is. per hufhcl V. And w’hercas in order to encourage the raifmg of flax premium 21 feed and flax in this kingdom, a premium of one (hilling a Irifhflaxfetd, hufhcl hath been granted and continued by feveral a&s of Parliament palled" in this kingdom in, the reign of his late Majefty King George the fccond, for every bufliel of good, 2s b 18 ^ounch merchantable flax, feed of the growth of this king-G. 3 c. 2i .V 7. flom, fent on (hip-board from the fouthern part of this kingdom to the northern part thereof for feveral fucceffive terms 1	of years, the lad whereof will expire with the end of this

prefent feflion of Parliament, and the continuance of the laid premium for a further term, will greatly increafe the linen manufa&ure : be lt enacted by the authority afor^-faid, That for the fpace of twenty one years from the end of this prefent feflion of Parliament, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of Parliament, when good, found, and merchantable flax feed of the growth of this kingdom, is or (hall be put on (hipboard in (bund calks at Dundalk, or any other port of this kingdom fouthward thereof,, by any merchant, or other perfon or perfons, who fliall make oath before the colle&or, furveyor, or land-waiter of fuch port, who are hereby impowered and required to ad-miniller the fame, that he, to the bed of his (kill and knowledge, believes the faid feed to be found and good, and that no premium was ever received thereon, and that the famte is of the growth of this kingdom, the colle&or of the port, udere the faid feed fliall be put on (hip-board as aforefaid, fliall on oath made as aforefaid, give without fee or reward, unto fuch perfon or perfons as aforefaid, a certificate, where-#in fliall be exprefled the quantity of feed fo (hipped, and the' number of found cades wherein the fame is contained, and the day of the month ai|d year when the fame w3s (hipped, and that oath has been made before him as aforefaid, that then every fuch perfon aud perfons upon landing the faid feed in found calks in any port of this kingdom, five leagues or more northward of the faid pert of Dundalk, and delivering the faid certificate, and making oath before the collector.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Tht third Tear of George III.	75

{efior, Purveyor, or land waiter of the port, tliat the (aid A. T). feed fo landed is the fame feed mentioned in the faideertifi- 17^3* cate, (which oath the collet or, fiirveyor, or land waiter of	^

the port is hereby impowered and required to administer) and upon bond being given by every fuch mci chant or other perfon in the fum of twenty (hillings for every barrel of fuch flax feed, and fo in proportion for every greater quantity, that the faid feed is good, found, and merchantable flax feed of the growth of this kingdom, and (hall not be relandcd or fent into any port of thiskingdom, more fouth than five leagues north of Dundalk, (ball bn imitlcd to, and receive from the cclle&or of the port, where the fame is landed, as a premium, the fum of one (hilling for every hulhel fo landed, clear and free from all duties payable upon the export of flax fec^, to be paid by fuch officer or officers, in fuch manner as drawbacks are ufually paid.

CHAP. XIII.

An Act, for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corrupt f^is! ^ tion in the Elections of Members to ferve in Parliament, 2t 2a G. 3. c. and the Magijlrates of Cities, Boroughs, and Towns Cor- at. porate.	*4 G *	c-

1 >•

WHEREAS it is found by experience, That the laws already in being have not been fufficient to prevent corrupt and illegal pra&ices in the election of members to ferve in Parliament : for remedy therefore of fo great an evil, and to the end that all elections of members to Parliv ment may hereafter be freely and indifferently without charge ' or expence, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That Oath or affir-from and after the firit day of June, in the year of our marionby vo*

Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, uPon J/Vc!!nllid!itc every election of any member or members to ferve for the y commons in Parliament every freeholder, citizen, freeman, burgefs, or peffon, having or claiming to have a right to vote or be polled at fuch election, (hall, before he is admitted to poll at the fame election, take the following oath, or. being of the people called quakers, (hall make the folemn animation appointed for quakers, in cafe tlu: fame (hull he demanded by either of tiie candidates or any two of the electors ; (that is to fay)

/A. B. do fwear (or being of the people called quakrrs, /

A. B. do foumnly affirm) I have not received or hud by nyf'j\

or

Digitized by

76

A. D.

1763. Chap. 13.

The third Year of Geotgc Ilf. dr Stny perfon whatfoever in trufl for me dr for my up! drtrf b€nc* fils or for the ufe akd benefit of any of rhy family or kirtdned^ £* tny knovdtdge or belief direttly or indirectly, any fah br Junu Of tnoney, office, place, of employment, gift, Or renvdrd^ or esriy promfe or ficurity for any motley , Office, employment, *>r gift * in ofider to give my vote at thii election ; and that / baite not before been polled at this election.

"KS? II. And be it ena&ed by thtf authority aforefaid, 'jt'hat pointed by pre- t^ie officer or officers prcfiditig at fuch eie&ions fhall appoint fid ng officer, as fa juffict*. of the peace foi' the purpofe of adminiitriitg the hareiii.	faid oath br affirmation in open court, fo da the poll fhall

not be thereby retarded $ and the faid jufliee of the pasted /Hall in theprefertcC of four or more perfons, tvVo to be titfmi-nated by each candidate, adminifkr the faid bath to. every ele&or, before filch ek&Or (hall be admitted to poll, if thd fame fhall be demanded as aforefaid ; and if the officer or officers prefiding at fucH eleftioA ffibll refufe to appoint a jultice of the peace for the purpofe aforefaid, or if the faid juftice fhall refufe to adminiitef the fame gratis, if demanded as aforefaid, fuch officer or jflftke of the peace mail forfeit fifty pounds to any perfon, that fhaU fue for the fame, to be recovered together with full cofts of fuit by a&ioit of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majefty’s .	courts	bf record in Dublin, wherein nd effoigtf, p^Ote&rorr,

wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be adriift-ted or allowed ) and 4 no perfon fhall be admitted to poll, till he had taken and repeated the faid oath in a publiek manner (in cafe the fame fhall be demanded as aforefaid) before fuch juftice of the peace as fhall be deputed.

III.	And be it further etfa&ed by the anthority afore-icol -penalty faid,* That if any fheriff, mayor, bailiff, or other returning

«ffictrUIaiid^on °^er* admit arty perfpn to he polled without taking the voter. fudtoath or affirmation, if demanded as aforefaid, fuch returning officer fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered in maimer aforefaid together with full colls of fuit; and that if any perfon fhall vote or poll at fuch ek&ion without having firffc taken the oath, or if a quake?

' having made hi« affirmation, if demanded as aforefaid, fuch perfon fhall incur the fame penalty, which the officer is fub-jed to for the offence above mentioned.

IV,	And be it further enabled by the authority afofe* Oath ef re* faid, That every ffieriff, mayor, bail;!?, fenefehai, or other

r^i^eP^n, bring the returning officer qf any member to terve wit. * i» Parliament, ffiall immediately after the reading of the writ or precept for the ele&ion of fuch member take and fubforibe the following oath :

/ A. S

The third Tear of George III.	7

/ A. R. do folemnly /wear, that J have net drtSly or in- A. D. eSnOfy received any ftm or Jims of money, office, place, or 1763. employments, gratuity, or reward, or any bend, bill, or note. Chip. 13. or any pronuj* or gratuity whatfoever, either by myfef or any	>J

ether perfon to my ufe, of benefit, or advantage, or to the eft, bmsft, or advantage qf any of my family or kindred, to my knowledge or belief, for making any return at the prefent elec-turn of members to ferve in parliament ; and that / mill return fuch perfon or perfom, as JbaU to the bef of my judgment appear to me to have the majority of legal votes •

Which oath any ju^ice or Juftices of the peace of the faid county, city, corporation, or borough, where fuch eledion fall he made, or in hit or their abfence any three of the eioftors, are thereby required and authorized to adminfiler ; and foch oath fo taken ihaM be entered among the records of the feffions of fuch county, city, corporation, and borough as afore faid.

V.	And whereas the laws now in force relating to the fk&ing of members to fenre in Parliament for the fcvcral borough* in this kingdom, where the right of voting is reded in the protedant inhabitants in general of fuch boroughs, hart by experience been found very defc&ive, and thereby efcdioas in feme of foch boroughs hart been pnotraded to an uureafonahlelength of time, to the great detriment both of candidates and ek&ors: for remedy whereof, be it ca-a&ed by the authority aforefaid, that no perfon whatfoever ihah after the firit day of May next, be admitted to vote on say ehr&ion for any member or members to ferve in parliament for any borough in this kingdom, where the right of voting is veiled in the proteftant inhabitants in general, until fuch perfon fo tendering his vote in cafe of any ohje&ion made thereto by any of tne candidates or their agents (hall take the following oath, or, if a quaker, affirmation ; that is to fay :

Admtniftefcd

by toy jufticc, or in ahfenre say 3 electors.

Oith nr sffar-rruuioo to be taken by voters in ooroujrhs Altered by IS. 16 G. j. c. ib> C U.

/ A. B. db fwear, or, if a quaker, do affirm, that I am

an inhabitant of..................(here naming the

place where fuch ele&ion is) and have been fo for thefe fix months ht/k pqjl ; and that I am not not have not within thefe Jin months loft pa)l been am inmate or lodger with any other perfon in Jaid borough ; hut have paid the ufual taxes and effes in faid borough as an houfebolder; and tbaf I did not. cosea to rejtdf in fiud borough, fnce the prefent vacancy happened:; and that I am not a papjft nor married, to a papijb, and da not educate or fuffibn to be educated, any of my children im the popjfit re*

ligusu	_	tdroiolftercd

Whichoath or. affinqitioa the feuefehsd of returning officer	retuin-

of ing offictr.

Digitized by

Liittrpemlries as? loi perjury.

The third Tear of George III. , of fueh borough is hereby impowered and dire&ed to adm miter to fuch voter at the requeil of any of the candidates o; their agents ; and on fuch voter fo taking the faid oath, or| if a quaker, the faid affirmation, then, and not before, th4 faid fenefchal or returning officer (hall take down fuch vote j and the faid oath, or affirmation if a quaker, (hall be finai and conclufive to the faid fenefchal or returning officer o( fuch borough ; and every fuch voter (hall not be liable , tq any further ferutiny or examination whatsoever before fuch fenefchal or returning officer on any fuch eleflion.	*

VI,	And be it further enacted by the authority afore^ ffid,'That’if any returning officer, elector, or perfon taking the oath or affirmation herein before mentioned, (ball be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury or of falfe affirming, an 1 be thereof convicted by due courfe of law, (hall incur and fuffer the pains and penalties, which by law are ena&ed and inflicted in cafes of wilful and corrupt perjury.

On conviction VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That ot perjury inca- no perfon, convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury or fubor-pahie to vote at nation of perjury, (hall after fuch convidlion be capable of eifcdicn.	voting	in	any	election	of any member or members to ferve

in Parliament,

500I. penalty VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-on voters aflemg faid, That if any perfon, who hath or claimeth to have', or or taking re- ^ hereafter (hall have or claim to have, any right to vote in any fuch election, fnall from and after the faid firft day of June, which (hall be in the year of our Lord, one thoufand fever? hundred and fixty four, a(k, receive, or take any money dr other reward by way of gift, loan, or other device, or agree or contrail for any money, gift, office, employment, or other reward whatfoever, for himfelf or any of hrs family or kindred to give his vote, or to refufe or forbear to give his vote, in any fuch eleflion, or if any perfon by himfelf or any perfon employed by him doth or (hall by any gift or reward, or by any promife, or agreement, or fecu-rity for any gift or reward, cormpt or procure any perfon or perfons to give his or their vote or votes, dr to forbear to give his or their vote or votes, in any fuch election, fuch perfon fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid (hall for eveiy fuch offence forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds fieriing, to be recovered as before directed together with full, cods of fuit ; and every perfon offending in any of the cafes aforefaid from and after judgment obtained againfl him in arty fuch adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, or fummary a&ion or profecution, or being any otherwife lawfully cotivicled thereof, (hall forever be difabled to vote in any election of any member or members to Parliament, and alfo (hall for ever be difabled to hold, exercife, or enjoy any office 'or franchife, to which he or they then lhall or at

any

ward

abied,

and dif-

The third Ttmr$f George III. qpf time afterwards may be intitled as member of aoy citv,* borough, or town corporate, as if fuch perfon was naturally dead.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfoi?, who hath or claimeth to have, or hereafter ihall have or claim to have any right to vote in any dc&ion for magiilrates in any city or town corporate in this kingdom, (hall from and after the firft day of June, which (hall be in the year one thoufand feven hundred and. fixty four, a(k, receive, or take any money or other reward by way of gift, loan, or other device, or agree or contract for my money, gift, office, employment, 01 other reward whatsoever, for himfelf or any of his family or kindled to give his vote, or to refufe or forbear to give his vote, in a;;/ fuch ele&ion, or if any perfon by himfelf or any perfon employed by him doth or (hall by any gift or reward, or by any promife, or agreement, or fecurity for any gift or re-lyard, corrupt or procure any perfon or perfon* to give his or their vote or votes, or to forbear to give his or their vote or votes, in any fuch e!e£tion, fuch perfon offending in anv of the cafes aforefaid (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of fifty pounds fterling, to be recovered as before dl-refted together with full colts of (hit ; and every perfon offending in any of the cafes aforefaid from and afterjudgment obtained agaiuu him in any fuch action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, or fummarv a&ion, or profscution, or being any otherwise lawfully convicted thereof, (hall for ever be dil-abied to vote in any eltdion, and alfo (hull for ever be disabled to hold, exercife, or enjoy any office or francoife, to which he or they then (hall at or any time afterwards may be intitled as a member of any city, borough, or town corporate, as if fuch perfon was naturally dead.

X.	And for the more efTc&ual obfervance of this aft, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every thefficriffs, mayors, and ether officers, to whom the execution of any writ or precept forele&ing any member or members to ferve in parliament (hall belong or appertain, (ha!! and are hereby required at the time of fuch election immediately after the reading fuch writ or precept read or caufe to be read openly before the eleftors there afiembled this prefent aft and every claufe therein contained; and the fame (hall alfo openly be read once in eveiy year at the lent affixes to be held in every county, county of a city, or county of a town, and at the general quarter feJHons of the peace to be holdea next after Eafter for the city of Dublin, and at eveiy election of the chief magiftrate in any city, borough, or town corporate.

XI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-BT, under (heriff9 mayor, and other of-

pen.’.’ty for the hire « ft hnee at cicO'n n

for rr.a£:::r*ws

This aCl rraJ tv return ng oilicrr imnw -«1ta*tlv A lt r the p ivept.

faid, That every (heriff,

ficcr,

5^cl. penalty on returning officer.

Digitized by v^ooQle

to

A.Tk '

Profecutiftii in a yoart, Stc.

7J# aM )W ^ Gawp ITT. ftcor, 19 wham the eaccution of any writ or precept for* the efeftingof members to ferve m parliament doth belong for every wilful offences contrary to this aft (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered together with foil j colls of fuit in the manner before direfted.	I

XII.	Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon fhonld I be made liable to any incapacity, difbbility, forfeiture, or penalty by this aft laid or impofed, uulefs profecution he commenced within two years after foch incapacity, difabt-lity, forfeiture, or penalty fhall be incurred, or in cafe of a profecution the fame be carried on without wilful delay ; any thing herein contained to the contrary not with* Handing*

CHAP. XVI.

An Act- fbr continuing and amending fevered Temporary Statutes y and for other Purpofcs therein mentioned.

ahfermen, com* XII. A ND whereas it frequently happens, that water-miffioners to	JfJL courfes, by which cities are fupplied with wa-

preferve water- ter> are permitted to run to decay, and are often obftnjdb-coiir , &c. e<j great injury of the inhabitants of fuch cities; for remedy whereof, be enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the mayor, aldermen, and reprefentatives of every city in this kingdom for the time being, except the city of Dublin, (hall be cammiflionerB for preferving all water-courfes by which the refpeftive cities are (applied with water; and they, or any three or more of them, (hall have full power and authority to repair all fuch water-courfes, and to remove all obflruftioos in the fame, and to take down any bank or dam, which fhall be made to divert the water from the fame, and to do all other afts and things which (hall be neceffary for making fuch water-courfes effe&ual fbr the purpofcs of conveying water to the faid refpeftive cities ; and it fhall and may* be lawful to and for the grand juries of the re-'	fpeftive	cities	at	the	affizes to prefent from time to time

fuch fum or foms to be raifed in their refpeftive cities, as fhall be neceffary fbr the keeping the refpeftive water-courfes in repair, and for paying a man to foperintend and take care of the fame, fo as the laid fums fhall not exceed in any one year the fum of twenty pounds; the faid foms to be paid to the faid commiffianeirsv or any five or more of them: and the judges of aflhes fhall confirm fuch prefen tr ments m the fame manner, as other presentments of a Hke nature are to be qoqfirxried; ai)d the "fopas fa pjre-fented fhri) be levied m the &mc mapjxer as other pjgdjqla money.

XIII. And

Digitized by

Google



The third Tear of George m.	81

XlfL And be it eaa&ed by the authority aforefaid, A. D. TW from and after the firft day of May next if any per- 17^3 * fm or perfons {hall wilfully do any damage to fact water- Chap. 16. coarfr, or obftm& the pafluge of the water therein, (hall	'

forfeit for evejy fuch office the fum of five pounds; ta be recovered by any perfou who (h ill fue for the fame to 4rtionncr* by civil bill upon proof of the fame by the oarh of one or more credible witneffes; the whole of the forfeiture to go to the informer.

XIV.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall Nof to ***-be continued to give the faid commiffioners any power to ^co^cyaoce* pufl down any miil-dam, or to impede the conveying of wa- cf water/

ter to any mill now erc&ed, in iuch manner as has been heretofore accufed.

XV.	Provided alio, That if any perfon (hall be fued General ifTuc for any thing, he (hall do in purfuance of this adl, he P^ded.

may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence.

XVI.	And whereas it is expedient that the grand jury

of the county of Cork fhaU have power to prefeut a greater iol.a year yearly fum for the treaforer of the (aid county, than they the ufual by the laws now in force are impowered to do, the faid county being of large extent, and requiring a treafurer very coDverfant in accounts, and who can give fccurity for the large fums neceffary to be raifed in that county : be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, Tint from and after the fir ft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, the grand jury at the affixes to be held for the faid county from time to time (hall have power, if they think fit, to make prefentments in the ufual manner for the raifing any fum not exceeding fifty pounds a year for the treafurer of the laid county for the time bring over and above the fums, which the grand jury of the faid county is ini-powered by the laws now in force to prefent for fuch treasurer ; and the judges at fuch affixes (hall and may confirm the faid prefentment.

XVII.	And whereas feveral perfons have been named in Cbaritiet.

»ds of Parliament, made in this kingdom from time to Governors or time as governors or truftees of feveral charitable foun- truftees of cb»-dations: and whereas feveral other 'perfons upon the

death of governors and truftees have been fince elected go- tlcc% aa<j pro* vernon or truftees of fuch foundations in purfuance of the cecd to chi , powers in the faid a& contained : and whereas feveral of the truftees or governors fo named and elected are or may be prevented attending the bufinefs of fuch charitable foundations either by their age, infirmities, or other affairs, whereby the bufinefs relating to fuch charitable foundations may be greatly delayed, and the good intents of the faid acts in a great meaforc defeated ; and whereas it may be doubt-Vol. V.	F	cd,

Digitized by kjOOQle

gj	7?/	third	Tiar of George III.

A. D. ed, whether fucb governor or truftee fo incapacitated caw 1763. refign fuch his office, or whether the corporation, of which?

fuch governor or truftee is a member, can eleft another governor or truftee in the place of the perfon fo refigning : for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the authority afbrefoid* That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand fevei* hundred and fixty four, h (hall and may be lawful to and for any of the governors or truftee* named or elefted heretofore, or hereafter to be elefted or chofen, under any of the faid aft a at any corporate meeting of fiich governor* or fruftees, whereof fuch perfon h or (hall be a member* t<* furrendcr and make void under his hand' and feal his place or office of governor or truftee of fuch charitable foumkitipn ©n giving notice in writing to the governors of fuch corporation, of which he is a member, corporately adembled at lead one month before fuch hi* intention So to do v and thereupon tire governors or truftees of fuch corporation ia being, or a fuffitient number of them, prescribed by their different charters or afts to conftitute a board, are hereby empowered from time to time to accept of fuch refignation ©r furrendcr, and to proceed to the eleftion of another governor or truftee to aft in the place or ftead of the per-ton fo refigning, as if fuch perfon was naturally dead, ac* cording to and rn purfuance of fuch regulations as are contained hi the aft of Parliament conftituting the corporation, whereof the member fo refigning has been a governor or truftee.

CHAP. XVII.

An AS for continuing and amending certain temporary Statutes * heretofore made for the better Regulation of the City of Corky and for enlarging the Salary of the Lreafurer, and for the better regulating the Sale of Goalj in the faid cityy and for erecting and continuing Lamps in the famer and fo/ the better preferring the Streets and High ways therein, and for confirming and ejlallijhing a Court of Ccnfcience in the faid City, andfor regulating the Ajjizt of Bread thereiny and forfecur* ing the Quays by Parapet Walls.-

Porp. O.

3. t. *3- £ *

)' '•{*. an to Julits. and an.fluk'd,

5 G. 3, c. 24.

WHEREAS an aft pafled in: the frrft year of the reigrt of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aSfor the more eafy and equal qffejfmg all money prfented by the grand jury of etich- ajfnzes* to be held for the city and county of the city Of Cody and for putting the coaches* chaifesy chairs, and fe~ dans, that ply for hire in the faid cityy under the like regulations for the benefit of iJje <work~hoitfc of Cork, as they are us Dub-

I

Digitized by

Google





The third Tear of George III,

h) and alfo for the belter regulating the harbour of Corf, hith teen found by experience to be of great advantage to the : dty and county of the city of Cork : and whereas the fc-' veral claufes therein relative to the afleihng, and applotting, | and railing pubHck money are limited and made to continue I for two years from the firft day of June, one thoufand feyen ’ hundred and fixty two, and from thence to the end of the i next feffion of Parliament: be it enafted by the King's " i^oft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confcut ! of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this pre-I fent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the

-	fame, That the faid ad and the feveral claufes thereof be made perpetual with the feveral amendments and explanations herein after mentioned,

II.	And whereas it may become a doubt, whether hack* : ney-chaifes, other than poft-chaifes, and chairs drawn by

-	horfes, are comprehended within the faid recited ad of Parliament, be it enaded and declared by the authority aforc-ftid, That all chaifes and chairs drawn by horfes, and kept by any perfon for hire, (hall be deemed and taken to be comprehended and contained within the feveral orders and re-

! filiations of the faid ad of Parliament ; and that all fuch diaifes, other than poft-chaifes, and chairs drawn by horfes, M be licenfed in fuch manner, and pay to the governors of the work-houfe eftablifhed in the faid city and their fuc-ccffors fuch fines and yearly rent, as chairs by the "faid a:t are ordained to do.

III.	And whereas feveral owners and keepers of the hackney coaches, poft-chaifes, and horfe-chairs, who keep the feme for hire in the faid city of Cork, have omitted and refufed to take out licences purfuant to the faid a M, iad to ply for hire within the county of the city of Cork : be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, all and every perfon or perfons reliding within the city or county of the city of Cork, who (hall keep, drive, or let out for hire any hackney-coach, poft or other chaife, orhorfe-chair, cither to places within the faid city, or county, or elfewhere, (hall be obliged to take out a licence for every fuch coach, poft or other chaife or chair, before the (aid firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, or withiu three months after any fuch owners or keepers of hackney-coaches, chaifts, or chairs, and fet up the fame to be lett to hire in the faid city or county of the faid city, and (hall bz obliged to ply for hire within the faid city and county of the faid city under fuch regulations and penalties, and in fuch manner, as in the faid att is mentioned, and that every fuch keeper of any hackney-coach, poft or other

F 2	•	chaife,

All chaife and chain kept

for hitr, deemed within that ad, tf'c it.) at chair*.

Owner* of

Inckncy-rouchc*mid polhc!.uilW, obliged to take out licence, Sco,

Digitized by L»ooQle

A. D.

1763.

Chap. 17.

Penalty 2©s. •n complaint.

Prefectm cnt at ailizes not exceeding 40I. yearly falary to treafurer, raifed as by 1 G. 3. 18.

The third Year of George UT. ihaife* w borfe-chair* who keeps the fame for hire, fhall quarterly on every firft day of September, Deceruber, March, and May in every year, or within five days after, give and return to the mayor of the laid city of Cork, or his clerk a true account in writing of their names aud places of abode, and the number of their coaches, poft-chaifcs, chairs and horfes, and the places where they re-fpeftively keep the fame ; and that the laid mayor, or his clerk fhall cauie the fame to he regiftered in a book to be kept in the office of the town-clerk of the faid city, to wliich every pexfon fhall have liberty to refort without fee. or reward.

IV.	And be it further cna&cd by the authority afbre-faid, That if any owner, keeper, or driver of a coach, poii or other chaife, or horfe-chair within the faid city of Cork or the liberties thereof for the letting out the fame to hire, fhall from and after the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, refufe to ply for hire within the faid city or county of the faid city, every fuch owner, keeper, or driver, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fura -of twenty fhillings ; and that if rr*..y fuch owner, keeper, or driver of a coach, poll, or other chaife, or horfe-chair within the faid city or the liberties thereof fhall after the time aforefaid negleft or omit to give the mayor of the faid city a true account and return in writing of his name and placet of abode, and the number of his coaches, pofl-chaifes, or other chaifes, chairs, and horfes, on thefeveral andrefpe£tive days aforefaid, or" to take out fuch licences as aforefaid, every fuch owner or keeper, for every time he fhall negle£t or omit to make fuch return as aforefaid} and alfo for every month he fhall negleft or omit to .take out fuch licence, fhall forfeit the like fum of twenty fhillings; the faid feveral penalties to be recovered and levied upon complaint being made before the mayor of the faid city of Cork in fuch manner, and for fuch ufes and purpofes, and fie diflri-buted, as the feveral other pecuniary penalties inilidt-ed by the faid aft on coachmen, pofl-chaife-men, and chair-men offending are appointed to be recovered and levied.

V.	And whereas the treafurer of the foid city and county cf the faid city of Cork is now intitled to a yearly falary of twenty pounds only : and whereas the office of the treafurer cf the laid city and county of the faid city is grown very laborious and burthenfome by reafon of the increafe of the faid city, and of the feveral laws and regulations for levying of publick money: be it cnafttd by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the firft day of May, one thoufand feyen hundred and fixty four, it fhall be lawful • to and for the grand jury of the feveral affizes, to be held for the faid city

Digitized by

Tbi third Tiar if George Ilf.

%

ty-aad county of the laid city, to prelent any Aim not ex- A D. ceediogr forty pounds for the yearly falary of the treasurer 1763. of the laid city and county oi the faid city, to be afcffcd, Chap. C7. xpplottcd, and railed in fuch manner, and with fuch power*,

M the publick money presented by the grand juries of the faid feveral affixes by the aforefaid at\ made in the tirft year of hia prefent Majefly King George the third is appointed to be af&dTed, appWtted, and railed.

VI.	And whereat feverd perfona in the (hid city of Gcrd.

Cork make a pra&ice of buying up very large quantities N?n«topw-

J	r \ r	r	chafe co ih for

aad often entire cargoes of coak, before the ume ane 0|

brought up to the quay or publick and ufual landiog-plaoet, fa&cr, without and by thefe mean* engrofc large quantities of coak, and » fufctic# in afterwards retail the fame at exorbitant price*: and whereas ?yl to by the federal frauds pra&ifed in the coal trade of the faid depict!* dty tUo^poor of the laid city have been reduced to great diftrefs : for remedy whereof, be it enabled by the authority afoirfaid, that from and after the firlt day of May, one thou-land feven hundred and fixty four, no perfon fhallbe allowed to purchafe coak for fale, or keep any yard or cellar for idling coak, or to ad as fador, purler, or agent, for buying or felling coais in the faid city, without having a writ* ten licence for that purpofe tinned by the mayor, (heriffs, aad common council of the faid city; and that no fuch licence (hall be granted uaiefc the perfon defiring fuch licence full hr ft: enter into a bond with two Adficient fee unties of the penalty of two hundred pounds iterling to the mayor of the hud city for the time being, conditioned that fuch par-fon or periods (hall and will not be in any fort concerned in engroifiag, foreftalhng, or reflating, or in any combination for railing the price of coak in the faid city or liberties thereof; and that fuch licence (hall be far and during good behaviour; for which licence, and aUb for filling up the fajd bond, one (hilling and no more (hall be paid.

VII.	And be it further eaaftsd by the authority afanrfaid, Cul-fafors That the faid fadors purlers, or agents (hall never ex- not to buy to ceed the number of fifteen, and fall never buy' any coals &U *£*’*«

to fell again ; and that no fuch fa§or, purfer, or agent (hall

boy in aay oat year for his own cenfumption a greater

quantity than twenty tuns 5 and every perfon, who (hall

keep any yard or cellar for felling coals in laid oily or

the liberties thereof without firft obtaining fuch licence,

and every fa&or, purfer, or agent, who (hall buy aay coals

to fed again, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit one hundred p(IU]ty »o>h

pounds,

VIII.	And belt eaa&ed by the authority afore (hid, Oarh by fas*

That every fuch fa&or, purfer, aAd agent (hall take an tor* i^wre p*tb, to	^dnynillqred by the mayor of the kid city,

Digitized by

Google

No coal-yard kept by fa&ors

The third Year of George III.

(which oath the faid mayor is hereby impowered to a&* minifter) that he will not during the time of his ber ing factor, purfer, or agent buy any coals to fell agautf and that he will exercife the faid office faithfully, di-b’gently, and impartially between the fellers and buyers of coals.

IX. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, .	.	That	no	perfon	(hall keep a coal-yard or cellar, or be-

without uccnce, *ng concerned ^ fa&or, purfer, or agent, fhall keep any lighter, boat, or gabbard, for the purpofe of carrying coals 5 and that no perfon fhall keep fuch Ugh ter, boat, or gabbard 'without having a licence for that purpofe ligned by the mayor for the time being, and to be in force during good behaviour; for which licence one (hilling and no more fhall'be paid; and every perfon, whG penalty 50I. fhall offend herein, fhall for tvery fuch offence forfeit fifty pounds.

A board with X. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That ^tacchun at	ma^cr	every veffel bringing coals to the faid city

the maft of the veflels, penalty 20J.

Or railing the price ot coals, tool, penalty.

fhall be obliged immediately on the arrival of every fuch veffel at any of the quays, or publick or ufual landing-places of the faid city, to hang at the maft of his faid veffel, or of the lighter, boat, or gabbard, in which coals fhall be brought up to the faid quays or landing-places, a board with the true name of the place, from whence the faid coals were fhipped and brought, written or painted thereupon m large legible charaders; and every perfon, who fhall keep ( a yard or cellar for felling coals in the faid city, fhall hang at the door of the faid yard' or cellar a board with the denomination of the coals then contained in the faid yard or cellar painted or written thereon in large legible characters ; and every perfon offending herein fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds; and every mafter, factor, or porter, and every perfon who fhall knowingly or willingly fell coals by a falfe denomination, or impofe, or be any wife aiding or inftrumental in impofing, on any buyer of coals touching the denomination or kind of the faid coals, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of thirty pounds.

XI. And for the preventing unlawful combinations to raife the price of coals in the faid city, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all contrads or agreements between any coal-owners, matters or owners of fhips, coal-fadors, or other perfons concerned in the coal-trade, for raffing the price of coals, or for reftraining any perfon or perfons from freely felling, buying, unloading, or difpofing of coals, fave as is herein before provided and enaded, fhall be declared illegal and void: and that if any perfon or perform fhall make, enter into, ad, or be knowingly concerned

1

Digitized by

Google

The third Tear of George III.

in any fuch eontraft or agreement in the faid city or county of the city of Cork, ever)' perfon fo offending (hall Sot every fuch offence forfeit one hundred pounds, to be recovered by fuch furt or aftion as hereinafter mentioned.

XIL And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Said penalties one moiety of the aforefaid feveral penalties contained un-*• inJ°*mcrr 404 der fo much of this aft as relates to the regulating of the vor ’tal4c* fek, landing, and trade of coals, fhall go and be paid to die informer ; and the other moiety thereof to the treafurer of the work-houfe, eftablifhed in the (aid city of Cork, for the ufe of the faid work-houfe ; and that the faid penalties, or fuch of them as are not otherwife ordained, fhall and may he recovered by aft ion of debt, bill, plaint, or inform*' ion in any of his Majefty^s courtB of record in the city of Dub-fin, or by aftion of debt or plaint, to be commenced and proceeded upon in the ufual manner before the mayor and /fceriffs in the court of record of the city of Cork.

XIIL And for preventing of frauds by meafurers, por- Rales fot ters, and carmen of coals in the faid city and liberties there- wage* and con-of, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the rnayor and common council of the faid city, or any ten or more urcW‘ of them, the mayor for the time being to be always one, ffiadl have power from time to time to make fuch nik^ orders, and bye laws for fixing the wages and regulating the conduft of fuch meafurers, porters, and carmen,* employed in the carnage or meafurement of coal9, as they ftall think fit.

XLVI. And whereas notwithftaading the feveral afts of To prevent Parliament made in this kingdom to prevent unlawful af-femblies and combinations of artificers, journeymen, appren- ^ hceci*. S C tices, labourers and maaufafturers, fuch combinations and unlawful affembliea have of late greatly increafed in the (aid city of Cork and liberties thereof; and whereas it has been found very difficult to deteft and convift fuch offenders, by reafon that fuch unlawful affcmblics are generally held fecretly and in private places in the houfes and pre-fence of perfons, wbofe teftimony cannot be had, as the law (lands, they themfelve3 being guilty or party in fuch offences: be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that from and after the firft day of May, one thouTand fcveu hundred and fixty four, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the mayor or any other juftice of the peace of the city of Cork npon examinations upon oath being given, or affidavit made before them, or any of them, of any fuch combination or unlawful aflembfy, to fummon all or any of the perfons accufed or fufpefted, and to admiuifter an oath to Toch* of the perfons fo fummoned, as he in his diferetion fhall* tiuA fiti which oath the (aid mayor and the other magi Urates

Digitized by v^ooQle

Appearing an«l g»vir>e: t$f-timony <iif* charged from any forlciturc.

Tin third Year of George HI. giftratw are hereby irrpowered to admin ifterj and everT Fuch perfon (hall fwear to anfwer all fuch queftiona, as (hal* be demanded of him touching fuch combinations or unlawful aflemblies, and fliail anfwer all fuch queftioni, and (hall difeover the names and places of abode, to the btft of his* her, or their knowledge and belief of the feveral perfons, who have a£ted or been concerned in any fuch combinations or unlawful afTemblies, and (hall not by any plea or demurrer cover or conceal the fame ; and fuch examinations (hall be reduced into writing and figned by the mayor or other magiftratee, before whom the fame are taken, and by the party or parties fo examined, and (hall be returned to the next quarter feflions or affizes ; and fuch perfons fo examin-«d (hall be boqnd by recognizance in a fum not exceeding twenty pounds to appear at the next quarter fefiions or ai-iizes in the ufual manner at the ele&ion of the mayor or other magiftrate, before whom fuch examination (hall be given, and to profecute the perfon or perfons charged by them with being concerned in fuch unlawful combinations or affemblies; and in cafe any fuch perfon or perfons fo fum-moned (hall negleft or refufe to appear before fuch magiftrate, or to take fuch oaths as aforefaid, or give his, her* or their teftimony, and be examined in manner aforefaid, or to lign fuch examinations, the faid mayor or other magiftrate (hall ifliie one or more warrant or warrants, and caufe fuch perfon or perfons to be imprifoned in the city gaol for three months, or fent to bridewell or the houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for one month ; and in cafe fuch perfon fo examined (hall ncgled or refufe to give their teftimony at the leflions or affizes, where they (hall be bound to appear, in every fuch cafe the judge of affizes at the affizes, and juftices of the peace of the county of the city of Cork in their quarter fefiions, (hall refpec-• tively forthwith upon fuch default or refufal iffue his or their warrant or warrants to apprehend and detain in execution in the city gaol of Cork the body or bodies of the perfon or perfons making fuch default, or refufing to give teftimony as aforefaid, until he, (he, or they (hall pay and fa-tisfy the penalty of their respective recognizance, to tye applied and paid over to the governors of the work-hodfe of the faid city.

XLVII. Provided always, That every perfon or perfons, who (hall be fnmmoned or examined as aforefaid, and (hall afterwards appear on their refpedtive fecognizance and give teftimony at the affizes or quarter leflions as aforefaid, if required by the court or profecutor fo'to do, (hall be acquitted and difeharged from all further profecution and from any punifhment, forfeiture, or penalty, which he, (he, or they

Digitized by

The third Ytar §/ George III. hath or hare incurred for or by reafon of any offence* matter, or thing, difcovercd io their refpe&ivc examinations of teftimony; and that every fuch jxrrfon fo examined and bound over may andihaQ, if required by the court or pro* iccutor, be examined as a witneb or witnefle* agatnft all other perlons concerned in or charged with any fuch unlawful combinations or alTembhcs as aforefaid, any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftandiiig.

XLVIII. Provided alfo, That if anyperfon or pterions, Perjury p*. who (hall be fummoned and examined as aforefaid concerning the difeovery of any fuch unlawful combination or affirm- ** 1‘ biy, {ball in any foch examination, as (hall be taken in pur* fuance of this a&, or in their trftimony upon the tryal of any perfon or perfons for or concerning any fuch unlawful combinations or aflembly, commit any manner of wilful or corrupt perjury, that every fuch offender or offenders, being tbei eof lawfuKy indicted and convicted, (hall lofe and forfeit fuch fum and iums of money, and further (hall be proceeded againft, imprifooed, and (land upon the pillory, and be fubjeef to fuch other punUhmenU and dilabilities, as in and by a ffcatute made in tnis kingdom, in the reign of Queen Elizabeth is ena&cd and ordained.

XLTX. And whereas fcvcral of the highways, ftreets, Street* and and paved ways in the city and county of the city of Cork	■“

require frequent repairing, and feveral by way* therein *re, ipd time out of mind have been, of lef* breadth than hereafter mentioned, and do notwithflaoding for the cafe of the publick require to be kept in repair : and whereas no money can be granted by presentment for repairing the fame by reafon of their not being of the breadth required by the fbtuie now in force for repairing highways; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That ftam henceforth it (hall not be needfary in the affidavit or preferment for repotriog any road or highway in the city and county of the city of Cork to fet forth, that fuch highways or roads are to be of the breadth of twenty one feet between inclofure and inclofure, or to be made fourteen feet wide, but inftead thereof that it (hall be fnffictent, the fa id affidavit and preferments fet forth the true breadth of the fame between inclofure and inclofure, and how much thereof it will be ne-cefiary to repair.

L. And for the more effeftually keeping the faid ftreets Mayor and and ways from encroachments and nuifances, be it ena&ed bv the authority aforefaid. That from and after the firft day of May, one thoufond feven hundred and fixty four, it (hall be lawful for the (aid mayor and (hcriffs of the city of Cork to remove all incroachments or nuifances in making doors or flairs of cellars projc&ing into the (liect or lanes by dc« livering an order in writing to the l^fpe&ive tenants and occupiers

Digitized by CjOoq le

The third Tear of George III. cupiers of the refpedtive houfes and cellars, fetting forth and dire&ing in what manner all fiich doors, flairs, aikf paffages, that are incroachments or nuifa,nces in fuch flrccfs or lanes, {hall be altered, or in what manner fet back, Ot to remove all incroachments or nnifances of fhop-windoW** window-ftiutters, frames, Handings, or other things in* ©if upon fuch flreets or lanes; and in cafe the chief tenant of v fuch cellars and the owners of fuch houfes, fhbps, and cel* iars, fhall refufe or negledt to comply with fuch dire&ions of the mayor and fheriffs, or refufe to remove or caufe t<* be removed all fuch encroachments and nuifances for the fpace of twenty one days after fuch order as aforefaid, ia fuch cafe it (hall be then lawful for the mayor and fheriffi* of the (aid city to employ workmen, and alter, and remove^ and take away the fame, and to compel the faid tenants or owners to pay all the charges thereof by diflrefs and fale of their goods, to be levied by warrant under the hand and fale of the faid mayor.

Appeal to next LI. Provided, That if any perfon (hall apprehend them-* ®cfl*on8*	felves	aggrieved	by	any fuch order and direction as afore-

faid, they may appeal to the juftices of the peace in their next feffions to be held for the faid city, who are hereby im-powered and required to hear and finally determine the fame; and their determination (hall be final and conclufive to all parties, and in the mean time all other proceedings , upon luch order fo appealed from fhall ccafe.

, Any one may LIJ. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-take away dung faid, That it fhall be lawful for any perfon or perions to orrubbifh, Ac. take and carry away any dung, muck, mooring, or other manure, rubbifh, or filling,they fhall find laid in any high-way, flreet, or lane, within the city or fuburbs thereof, or within fifteen feet of the centre of any road or highways out / of the faid city and fuburbs and within the county of the laid city, and the fame to apply to their own ufe; and in cafe any perfon fhall obftru& or hinder the taking the fame, or in cafe any perfon fhall throw or lay, or fhall caufe or fuffer to be thrown or laid, any coal afhes, duftt dirt', rubbifh, dung, or other filth in any open flreet, lane, or paflage, or alley within the faid city or fuburbs thereof before the refpe&ive houfes, buildings, or walls, or before the walls of public buildings, all fuch perfons fo offending fhall upon conviftion before the mayor or any other magistrate of the faid city by confeflion of the party or the oath of one credible witnefs, forfeit the fum of five (hillings, to be raifed by fale of the offenders goods, and to go, one iety thereof to the perfon who fues or profecutes, and the other to the poor of the parifh ; and the perfon fo offending, if unable to pay the faid fine, fhall be committed to f rifon for a fpace not exceeding one week,

- LIILPro^

jitized by

Google

The third Tear of George III.

LIII. Provided, That nothing herein contained /hall extend to perfon9, who in repairing or building any houfe or ether budding /hall throw out any dirt or rubbi/h ; To at fuch perfons, in forty eight hours after fuch dirt and rubbifh (hall be thrown into the faid ftreets, padages, or lanes, (hall caufe Dir} .t0 hj ro“ the fame to be carried away.

LIV. And for the more effedoal clean/ing the ftreets, Scavenger* ' lanes* alleys, paifages, and quays within the faid city and appointed Ly fuburbs, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it ln»T0|,» ftall and may be lawful to and for the mayor and common council of the faid city from time to time to appoint two or more fit perfons to be feavengers for the faid city and liberties to cleanfe and fweep the ftreets, lanes, alleys, paf-fages, and quays thereof, and to carry and take away all ifot and other filth from the fame, under fuch claufes, re-ftri&ons, penalties, powers, and orders, or otherwife, as to the fafd mayor and common council or the majority of them in council affembled /hall feem meet and expedient; and that the grand jury at each a&izes to be held for the county of the faid city (hall and may prefent any fum not exceeding five pounds for the fallary of each of fuch feavengers.

LV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Driven of can That if any perfon driving any car, dray, or cart, through **7* riding any of the ftreets, highways, paffages, or lanes in the faid city of Cork or fuburbs thereof, /hall ride upon fuch cart, ed as herein. dTay, or car, not having fome perfon on foot to guide the fame, or /hall drive or lead the fame in fuch manner as to endanger the lives or limbs of the paflengera, it /hall be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons on view of any driver or drivers, leader or leaders, of any car or cars, dray or cart, offending herein to feize upon fuch driver and car, dray, or cart, and to carry fuch driver and car, dray, or cart, before the mayor or any other juftice of the peace of the faid city of Cork; and that every fuch offender, being thereof convi&ed before faid mayor or other jullice of the peace of the faid city by confefiioa or the oath of ooe credible witnefs, /hall for every fuch offence forfeit five (hillings to be levied by diflrcfs and fale of the (aid cart, dray, or car, if belonging to the offender, or of any other goods belonging to him, by warrant under the hand and feal of the faid mayor or other juftice, which they are hereby required re-fpectivtly to grant, one moiety to the perfon who (hall fue and profecute for the fame, and the other moiety to the poor of the pari/h, or the perfon fo offending (hall be fent to the houfe of corre&ion, there to be kept to bard labour for any time cot exceeding five days or be publickly wbipt through the main ftre$t of the faid city at the diferetion of the faid mayor or other Juftice, if the perfon lb offending (ball

not

Digitized by CjOOQle

9*

A. D.

1763. Chap. 17.

Court of conscience in Cork for debts under 40*. confirmed

For debts not exceeding 20s.

1 months confinement only.

f 5 and the juries under it* cop inued.? 1 years from I Alay 1767.

The third Tear of George I IT. not pay the {aid fine within two hours, after he is arrefted for the faid offence.

LVI. And whereas the court of confcience, held before the mayor of the faid city and before each of the aldermen of the ward of the faid city for determining caufes ir» all fmall debts between party and party under the value of forty (hillings, has been of great ufe : be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, that the jurifdi&ion thereof be ellabli/hed, ratified, and confirmed.

LVII. Provided always. That no perfon (hall be longer confined by virtue of any warrant* or commitment by» the faid mayor or aldermen of the ward under fuch authority or jurifdiftion of the faid court of confcicnce for any debty not exceeding in the whole twenty (hillings, than three luU lendar months, to be computed from the firft day of foch commitment; and that no perfon (hall be longer confined by the authority aforefaid for any debts exceeding twenty (hillings, and under forty (hillings, than the term of fix ka-lendar months, to be computed as above ; and that from and after the refpe&ive determinations of fuch confinements, the debt or debts, for which fuch perfon or perfons (hall have been (o confined, (hall be totally difeharged to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch debtor or debtors had actually paid the lame.

LVIII. And whereas by an a& of Parliament patted in this kingdom in the ninth year of his late Majefty King George the fecond, intituled, An act for rebuilding the cathedral (hurch of faint Finbary in the city of Corky and for erecting a vuorlhoufe in the city of Corky and for employing and maintaining thepoor, puni/bing of vagabonds, and for providing for and educating foumlling children, it was therein enadted among ether things, that for all forts of coal and culm, which from and after the faid firft day of May, one thoufand . feven hundredand thirty fix, (hall be imported, landed, or difeharged within the faid city of Cork, or county of the faid city, there (hall be paid during the term of thirty one years, by way of impofition thereon, over and befide all other im-pofitions and duties payable thereon the additional rate or duty of one (hilling per ton, which faid impofition or duty (hall be anfwered or paid to the governors of the work-houfe of the faid city of Cork aforefaid, or to their deputy cr deputies, officer or officers, thereunto conftitated anej. appointed, by every mafter, owner or owners, or other perfon or perfons taking charge of any fhip or vettel, whereupon fuch coals or culm (hall be laden, before they fnall break hulk, or deliver out any coals or culm ; and whereas the funds for fapporting the faid work-houfe are fcarce fufilcient for that purpofe, and the duties payable under and by virtue

'	of

Digitized by v^ooQle

Ybt third Ya# of Ororge III.	9$

«f the faid recited claufe, are one of the principal fupportt A. D. thereof: be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that the 17^3* hud recited claufe, and the duties payable under and by vir- Chap. 17. tue of the fame, fball be continued, and be and remain in full force, for the ufe and benefit of the faid work-houfe from the hud firiil day of May, which fhall be in the year one thou-land feven hundred and fixty feven, for and during the further term of thirty one years from thence forth fully to be compleat and euded, at and under, fubjeft to the feveral powers, and in manner, as in the faid recited claufe is fet forth.

LIX. And whereas it is of the uttnoft confequence to the city of Cork, and will conduce to preferve the lives of Mayor many of the inhabitants thereof, and of others reforting ordcr panipet thereto, that a parapet wall or tails be built or ere&ed on the wall* to be fevers! quays, and on the edges of the fcyeral dykes and huili on quays, canak therein, and in tlie fuburbs thereof, as great num-ben of perfooshave loft their lives by falling over the faid quays, and horfes and carriages have fallen into the laid dykes and canals : he it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that it ihall and may be lawful to and for the mayor and council of the faid city of Cork, to order and dtre& the building of parapet walls of the height of four feet, and breadth Qot exceeding two feet, on the feveral quays, and on the edges of the lcveral dykes and canals of the faid city and fuburbs, leaving proper openings convenient for the {hipping and landing goods and merchandize, by giving notice in writing to the chief tenants, inhabiting or dwelling Jd the feveral houfes, or occupying the cellars and other buildings on the faid quays a d dykes, or, in cafe the faid houfes be wafte, or any part of the ground fronting the faid quays, canals, or dykes be unbuilt, to the owner, or other per fen interefted therein, before whofe tenements or ground fttch parapet wall is to be built: and upon fuch notice, every chief tenant inhabiting or dwelling in every fuch houfe, or occupying fuch cellars dr other buildings, and the owners, or other perfons interefted in fuch wafte houiea or ground unbuilt, (hall within two months after fuch notice given, build a parapet wall of the dimeafions aforefaid, with ftone or brick, and lime, and fatxl, along the edge of the faid quays or dykes, fronting his or their refpc&ive houfes and concerns, and, if the fame are fituate on the corners of any of die laid quays, round fuch concerns as far aa their rcfpe&ive houfes, cellars, buildings, or wafte ground extend and run, and to no further extent, leaving fuch openings as aforefaid, if aeoeflary 5 and that every fuch tenant and occupier of fuch houfe, cellar, or other building, or owner, er other ptrfon interefted in any fuch wafte houfe or ground

unbuilt

Digitized by LjOOQle

94	third Ttar of George IIT. ,

A. D.	unbuilt, before whofe prtfmiffes any fuch opening (hall Bar

1763.	left, fhall always except in times of fhipping or landing gooes

Chap. 17. there, keep fuch opening guarded by two wooden rails or iron bars to extend acrofs fuch opening in the faid parapet wall on each fide.

Iron rails may LX. Provided always, That if any of the faid inhabit-may be eroded ants, owners, or occupiers of houfes, or other premifles, tkink fit to ere& and fix iron rails on the edges of t&e i» herein!* * ftuays before their houfes or tenements of the height of four feet, that it fhall be lawful and fufficient for them fb to do ; and in cafe any chief tenant or occupier of any fucti houfe, cellar, or other building, or the owner or other per-fon interefted in any fuch watte houfe or plot of ground unbuilt, fhall negleffc or refufe by the fpace of two months after notice given in writing to build fuch parapet wall in manner herein before directed or to ere<ft and fix fuch rails as aforefaid, inflead thereof, every fuch perfon fhall forfeit twenty fhillings for every fpace of twenty one feet of fuch wall, that fhall be fo omitted to be built, and the like fum for every month afterwards that the fame fhall be fo omitted, and fo in proportion for any other lefs fpace of time, or of ground 5 fuch penalty to be recovered before the mayor of the faid city, by the oath of one or more witnefs or witneffes, or by the confeflion of the party; and upon con-vision to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods, or of the goods of any perfon found in or upon the houfes, cellars, buildings, or ground, before which fuch walls fhall be lo neglected to be built, by warrant under the hand and fealof the faid mayor (which warrant he is hereby impowered to grant) and to be to the ufe of the poor of the parifh in which the faid offence fhall be committed ; and over and above the faid penalty, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor to provide materials, and employ and fet mafons to work, to build and fmifh fuch parapet wall as aforefaid, and thereupon fhall compel the chief tenant in fuch houfes, and the occupiers of fuch cellars, or other buildings, and the owner or other perfon interefted in fuch wafle houfe or ground unbuilt refpe&ively, to pay the reafonable price for building fuch parapet wall, and the materials thereof, by iffuing his warrant for levying the fame by diftrefs, and caufing fo much of the offenders goods, or the goods of any perfon found in or upon the houfe3, ceL lars, other buildings, or ground, before which fuch walls fhall be fo negledted to be raifed, to be fold, as will pay for the fame ; and if any perfon, before whofe pre-miffes any fuch opening (hall be left, fhall negleift or refufe to keep the fame guarded with two wooden rails as . aforefaid, except at time of fhipping or landing goods there, every perfon fo offending, fhall for every fuch offence,

forfeit

Digitized’by

Google

' VJK

The third Year of George III. forfeit the fum of five (hillings, to b« recovered aad applied i* manner aforefaid.

LXI- Provided always, and be ft ent&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any fuch chief tenant inhabiting or occopying any fuch houfc, cellar, or other buddings, or Tenant at will iateiefted in fuch wade ground at aforefaid, be only a tenant at will, or a yearly tenant of the fame, or if no more than out of hi* rent, two years of his lcafe or intered be uoexpired, that in every &c. fuch cafe fuch tenants at will, or yearly tenant, or tenant for two years, (hall and may retain in his or her hands, out of the rpat then due or to be afterwards due from him to his next Immediate landlord, fo much of fuch rent, as will be fuf-fident to reimburse him the money expended on his part of	«

the find parapet wall; and that in cafe the perfon or perfona, who (hall build any fuch parapet wall, at the time the (ante ibaQ be compkated, (hall have in the houfc, houfcs, or other premiifcs or belonging to which fuch wall (hall be built, an mtered exceeding two years and not left than five years, that in fuch cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may retain three fourths of the expence of railing fuch wall; and in cafe of an intered, not exceeding five years, and not lets than ten years, or one life, that fuch per fun or perfons may retain one half of the expence, and in cafe of an intered exceeding ten years, and not lefs than fourteen years, or two lives, that fuch perfon or perfons may retain one fourth of the expence from the next immediate landlord ; and every immediate landlord, from whom there (hall be any fcch retainer, and all other landlords, (hall and may refpeu-tively retain from their next immediate landlord or landlords in fuch proportions as aforefaid, relation being had to the duration of their feveral and refpe&ive intered* at the time of fuch wall being finifhed and compleated 5 and that every perfon or perfons, intitled to make any fuch retainer in virtue of this a&, (hall and may plead fuch retainer in bar for fo much to any action or other remedy, brought by his faid landlord againfl him for the recovery of rent, or otherwife avail himfelf thereof, as if he had actually paid the fame in money; and if any perfon or perfons (hall break or pull down the faid parapet wall or any part thereof, or pull any done or (tones out of tire fame, every p*rfon fo offending, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit tlie fum of five (hillings, to be levied and applied as aforefaid \ and if no goods of the offender can be found, he, (he, or they (hall be Cent to the houfe of correction, there to be kept at hard labour by the fpace of three days 5 and if any perfon or perfons (hall in the night time deal and carry away, or otherwife dedtoy or pull from its fixture any iron rails, that (hall be fixed on any of the (aid ^uays, or any wooden rail

or

. 9i A. A 1763.

Chap. 17.

Digitized by Googl

'Imr^

* .

A. D.

'?6J-

Chap. 17.

Bread*

allowance to bakers y*. per qiarter houfehold bread,

11 G. 2. 11. 8«. per quarter white and wkcaten.

Further allowance to bakers.

Mayor may determine fum-marily, or im-pannel *jury.

The third Tear of George III. or raft, or 1'ton bar or bars, to be fixed in the opening*

to be left in the laid wall, or any lock or irons for fcfteningf ftiek, or rails, every perfoit to offending, (hall upon con-vi&ion, be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall either be tranfported for feven years, or burned in the hand, or pub* lickly whipt, at the diferetion of the judge who (hall try fneh offender.

LXII. And whereas great abufes are daily pra&ifcd and committed by the bakers of the faid city of Cork in bek-ing bread for fale, for want of proper encouragement and fuffieient allowance being made to the bakers of the faid city : and in regard the quarter of wheat, when baked into houfehold bread, is found not to produce as many loaves of the weight mentioned in the table of af&ze, as wifi make up the middle price of corn and the allowance intended forbakers: for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the authority afort&id. That from and after the firft day of May, one thou fund feven hundred and fixty four, the mayor of the faid city of Cork be and is hereby directed to give the bakers in the faid city and liberties tttereof an allowance of nine ihilliogt on each quarter of com for houfehold bread by adding the fame to the middle price of wheat, to be calculated as is direded therein and by an ad of Parliament paflfed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, intituled, An oSt for buying and felling alt font of com and meal and other things therein mentioned by weight, and for the more effectual preventing the frauds committed m the buying and felting thereof^ and for regulating the price and ajfzc of bread, and for letter regulating the markets, is directed, arid to be fet according to the table therein mentioned, and to give an allowance of eight /hillings only on the quarter of white and wheaten bread, to be baked in the faid city of Cork and the liberties thereof by adding the fame to the middle price of wheat, and to be fet according to the table in the faid city mentioned.

LX1II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the mayor and common council of the faid city of Cork for the time being (hall, as often as they judge neceflary during the continuance of this a&, make any further reasonable allowance to the bakers within the (aid city and liberties of the city of Cork, a* in their difcrctions they (hall think fit, on every quarter of wheat made and baked in the faid cky into houlhold bread, in fuch manner as the former allowances, or to make any further allowance as the mayor of Cork as chief magiftrate of that city might have made before this ad. '

LX IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes where any replevin (hall be brought

for

91

9%i third Yi*r *f	ffL

for arty goods or chatties taken for levying any of the penal- A. ties, forfeitures, taxes,- rates, or ferns of money by this act 9 7^3* direfted to be levied or paid, that in every fuch cafe the Chap. 17, rteyefr of the dkf of Cork for the Time being (haft and may at the defire of any of the parties iflue a (ummons to the fever al parties plaintiffs and defendants in fuch replevin, dr who fhafl otherwife appear to him to he tntefefted therein, and Ihall and May thereupon proceed in a furrtmary way to hear and determine the merits thereof; and in cafe of difficulty may adjourn the fame to the next meeting of the Court of record of faid city, trtd order a jury to be impao-i»eBed for the tTyal of any matter or matter* of faft, if he lhafi think fft; and upon the return of fudh verdict or dtherwife fhaH and may make fuch final order, at he fhaH think jaft and reafortable, which (hall be coiidufive to all parties; and the Sheriffs of the city of Cork, and every other officer bound to make return to fuch replevin, fhaH and may return, that the goods and chattels therein mentioned were taken in the county of the city of Cork in purfuance of an aft of Parliament made in the fourth year of his prefenf Majefty for regulation of faid city, and thaft the mayor of Cork hath affnmed the determination thereof 5 and fuch return (hall he allowed as a fuffictent return and iuf-tificattort, if true, to the Aeriffs or other officer, who (Kail make the fame.

LXV. And be it further enafted by the authority a publick a&. aforefaid, That this aft (hall m all courts or places be deem- * ed to be a publick aft, and fhall be judicially taken notice of by aff judges, jufHces, and courts whatsoever withoot fpeemfly pleading the fame ; and if arty perfon (hall be fued or molefted for any thing done by virtue or in purfuancc of this aft, fuch perfon may plead the general iffue; and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence for his defence ; an<f if the phrintiffii (hall difeontinne their aft ion, or be nonfuit, or if judgment (hall be given againff them on verdift or demurrer, (he defendant mall recover double cods of fuit.

LXVI. And be it ertafted by the authority afatfaid* Cootimunce That the feverat claufet of this aft, for which no contiuu- S1 ation is herein before mentioned, may continue and remain in full force, and virtue from the firff day of May, one thousand feven hundred and ftxty four, for the term of thirty one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament.

Vox, V.	<*	QUA	r.

Digitized by

(google



A. D.

1763-

The third Year if George III.

CHAP. XVIII.

An Act for the better Difcovery of charitable Donations and Bequejls.

Vicar general, Ac. (hall return at annual viiication, all charities in wills entered in the office, as herein.

WHEREAS the pious intentions of many charitable perfons are frequently defeated by the concealment or mifapplication of their donations or bequefls to publick or private charities in this kingdom : be it ena&ed by the .King’s moft excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflfembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fifth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, the vicar general, or his furrogate, and the regifter of the prerogative (hall make a return to the bifhop of the diocefe or to his grace the archbifhop of Armagh refpe&ively on or in every year at the annual vifitation, or between the twenty fifth day of March and the twenty fourth day of June in every year, of every charitable donation or bequeft contain* ed in any will, which fhall be entered in the office of fuch vicar general, furrogate, or regifter, which return (hall 1‘kewife contain the name of the teftator, the name or names of the perfon or perfons to whom a probate of any fuch will or letters of adminiftration with fuch will annexed fhall be granted, with the date of fuch will, probate, or adminiftration ; and copies of fuch returns upon oath fhall be lodged the beginning of the fucceeding feffion of I'arliament with the cltrk of each houfe $ and every fuch officer as aforefaid, who fhall negleft to make fuch return as aforefaid, fhall fqr-. feit the fum of five pounds ilerling to be recovered by any perfon, who (ball fue for the fame, by civil bill before any of the judges of afiize in their refpe&ive circuits, or before the recorder of the city of Dublin ; and the perfon or per-. ions, to whom the probate of any luch will or letters of adminiftration as aforefaid fnall be granted, fhall within thrjee kalendar months next after the obtaining the fame publifh in the Dublin Gazette three times fucceffively every charitable donation or bequeft contained in fuch will, the name of the teftator, the date of fuch will or codicil, and the name of the perfon or perions to whom fuch charitable donation and , bequeft is given and bequeathed, and the name of the perfon or perfons appointed by the teftator for the management and dire&ion thereof ; and the expence of fuch publication fhall be paid Ipy the find executois or adminiftrators out of the faid refpe&ive clu rities $ and every fuch perfon or perfons, who fhall neglett to publifh the fame in manner herein re-quired, (hall forfeit for ev^ry fuch negleft the Turn of fifty

^ Digitized by Google

Jhe third Tear George III-

rods fterling to be recovered by any perfon, that fhaO fue the fame, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of hi^ Maiefty’s courts of record, in which no ef-foign or wager of law (hall be allowed, or more than one imparlance*

CHAP. XIX-

An AS for indemnifying all fuch Perfons as have been or Jbatt be ending in the dijperfng of Riots, and apprehending the Rioters.

'V^T'HEREAS of late many unlawful, riotous, and tu-▼ v multuous aflemblies have been in divers parts of this kingdom : and whereas it is the duty of iutlices of the peace, and of the (heriff, and under (heriff of the county, where any unlawful riot or tumultuous affembly (hall be, taking with them, if need be, the power of the county, to arreft the offenders fo as to bring them to juftice : be it therefore enabled by the King’s moll excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament a(fembled, and by the au-thorityofthe fame, That on notice or knowledge of any fuch endeavouring t« unlawful,'riotous, and tumultuous aflembly every juftice of the difperfe unUw-peace, (heriff, under (heriff, mayor, bailiff, and other head offi- ^ cer with in the limits of their refpe&ive jurifdi&ions, taking with them the neceffary affiftance, (and they are hereby authe- maiming, or rized and impowered to command all his Majefty’s fubjefts of hurting, age and ability, to be affiiling to them therein) (hall refort to the place, where fuch unlawful, riotous, and tumultuous aflembly (hall be, and there ufe their utmoft endeavours to difperfe the fame, and to apprehend and feizc the offenders in order to their being proceeded againft according to law $ and that if the perfons fo unlawfully, riotoufly, and tumultu-oufly affembled, or any of them, (hall happen to be killed, maimed, or hurt, in the difperiing, feizing, or apprehending, or the endeavouring to difperfe, feize, and apprehend them, that then every fuch juftice of the peace, (heriff, under (heriff, mayor, bailiff, head officer, or other peace officer, and all and lingular perfons being adding or affifting to them or any of them, Oiall be freed, difeharged, ana indemnified as well againit the King’s Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, as againft all and every other perfon and perfons of, for, or concerning the drilling, maiming, or hurting any fiich perfon or perfons fo unlawfully, riotoufly, and tumultucufly affembled, that (hall happen to be fo killed, maimed, or hurt as aforefaid ; and that no profecution whatever (hall be had or carried on agar Ml fuch juftice or juftices •f the peace/(heriff, under (heriff, mayor, bailiff, head G 2	officer.

834807A

»

The third Teat of George IIt. ot other peace officer, of perfon (o aiding or affixing as aforefaid, on account ot any fuch killing, maiming* &p hurting, unlcfa the fame (hall he commented within twebr* months nest following-

If. And be ft afib further etoafted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every jufttee af the peace, fheriff, Under fhcriff, peace officer, or other perfon, who has been heretofore in times paffc concerned, aiding, op affifting in the difperfing or the endeavouring to dffpdrfe any riotous or tumultuous affembly, in the doing of which it may have happened, that fome perfon of perfons have been killed, maimed, or hurt, (haft be alfo in like maimer, and for aw freed, difeharged, and indemnified of* for, or concerning all fuch killing, maiming^ or hurting, if no profecution_forthcr fame has been already or (hall be commenced on or before the twenty fourth day of June* in the year of our Lord, ok thousand feven hundpedand fixty four.

CHAP. XXI.

Amended bf dfn dfa fir continuing amt amending two fever A Afts of Pstr-5^3 iA,	Human therein mentioned ; and for the more ejfeftual prevent*

-	7 G\ 3. ing of Frauds in his Maj fly’s Cufionu and Excife* and for

other Purfofee therein mentioned*

1

WHEREAS by an aft patted* in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the ft con d, intituled. An aft for the better regulating the colleftiom of his Mqjj$ftyfs revenue* and for preventing offrauds therein* and for repealing an aft made the ta/l fejjion of Parliament* 33 G. 1.10. intituled, An aft for continuing and amending fevered taw heretofore made relating to his Mayejiy’s revenue* and for the more ejfeftucd preventing of frauds in his Majefiy’s cifoens and excife*. and the feveral aft* and Jlakttes which art mentioned in the faid aft* and continued thereby* and by one other aft of Parbament patfed in- the fecond year of the reign of his pre-% q « ^ fent Mojjsfty King George the third, intituled. An a8 fir continuing, and. amending an aft intituled, /In aft for the Better regulating the colkftion of his Majejly's revenue* and for preventing frauds therein* and for repeating an aft made the tajt fejfton of Parliament^ intituled, An aft for continuing and amending fevered laws heretofore made relating to his MajeJty’s revenue* and for the more eft final preventing of frauds in bis Majejly? cuftrns and excift* and toe fitierai aft* and fatutes .	which are mentioned in the fold aft* and continued thereby* feve-

ral provifions were made for regulating the colleftion of his Majcity’s revenue and preventing frauds therein, which have been found to be of general' ufe, hut am now near expiring-:

be

%

The rbirJ fi*r j/'George III.

It k cna&od by *he King's mot exceHrot Majefty, t>y and fitk the advice and coofent of the lords fpirituad and tempo-lil and .cpmmoflj in this prefent parliament sficmbled, anqhy the authority of the feme, That the hid two recited a&j,

.«J all and every the daufea therein refpcdively con- c<j^j famed /except fuck parts thereof as are altered by this pre- 7 q j#

Cent a&) (hall continue and be in force for the fpacc of two 11 C. j c t j, years from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufaud aanuallf, (even hundred and fixty four, and from thence to the end of JV ^46^ the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer.	’

1L And whereas by the hid recited a&# made in the .~nn't* /thirty third year of the reign of his laid late Majefty King 47^ <0 fjeorge the fecond, certain excileablc commodities therein extended to Co a/F particularly enumerated on being carried or conveyed into above 4b the inland parts of this kingdom are liable to feianrc, by any of the ©Seers of bis Afayety’s revenue, and to be forfeited as run goods, uakfa the carrier or perfon, that conveys the fame, Sail actually produce a permit or let pals given by the proper officer of the revenue for the carnage of the laid goods, if demanded or required fo to do by the fad officer : be it further enacted by the authority aforefaKL That all and every the provisoes and diredions m the laid seated id, relative to permits or let pates for the goods therein particularly enumerated, {ball extend and are hereby declared to extend to ail kinds pf fouff above the weight of ffinrpouasda, that Sail be carried or conveyed into the inlaud parts of this kingdom, as fully and absolutely to all intents pad purpofc 3s if fnuff had been mentioned or inferted in the &d recited ad among the fpvcrftl Other goods therein fnomeratod,

IU* A»d whereas by the firid recked ad# made in the 3 j O. s. to. thirty third yepr of hi# kid l?te M^jedy’s reign, there is s fee* 54. penalty or forfeiture of treble the value of apy goods or mer- befi*ic» treble *baodizes ffiipped to be exported, /opr which any allowance rcb^dcT jh to be made pr $ra#?}back given, in <cafe the tame fbouldfortrucd as afterwards be unlawfully unihipped or relanded in the king- good% landed dom of Ireland; be it further eaa&ed by the authority	P*7inf

^fittefcud, Th# oyer apd abpve the (pid penalty or foi/ekure duUci’< jof tn$k the valpc of facb goods and merchandises all and .wry fueh goods and merchandizes j(commonly called de-bmpiit goods) that (hall he unlawfully unffiipped or reland-fii in the'kingdom of Ireland after haying beep (hipped for expQrtWtxm, (hall be feited and forfeited in tbp fame manner at goods, ’landed without payment of the duties due and payr fble thereupon, are by the laws now in being (o be frized pad forfeited.

fV. And be it further cna&ed by the authority afortr Reveiroe-of.

XJut s$ and ertry mailer, pur/pr, or otlier perfoo

having r f

Digitized by v^ooQle

ICZ

A. D.

• 763. Chap. 21.

commodatcd with 2 bed* under deck.

JRetailers.

17 and 18 C. t,

>9-/«. a.

On licence for retailing aqua vitae, ftrong waters, or fpirits in Dublin, as herein.

The third Year of George TIT. having charge or command of any (hip or veflel trading inr or to any of the ports of this kingdom, (hall accommodate fuch officer or officers of the revenue, as (hall be placed on board fuch (hip or veflel, with beds or hammocks, not exceeding two at one time, to reft or deep in under the deck of fuch (hip 9r veflel, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of five (hillings Englifh money for every twenty four hours fuch ,mafter, purfer, or other perfon having charge of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall negleft or refufe fo to do ; which faid penalty (hall and may be recovered againft the mafter, purfer, oc other perfon having charge or command of fuch (hip or vef-fel, by warrant under the hands and feals of the commifii-oners and fub-commiflioners of excife in their feveral and re* fpe&ive diftri&s, or the major part of them, to arrtft the perfon of fuch mafter, purfer, or other perfon having the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, and to commit him or them to the gaol of the city or county wherein fuch warrant (hall be granted, there to remain until the faid penalty is paid, a fummons being firft iflued, and proof made of the faid offence cither by the confeffion of the party charged therewith or by other fufficient evidence upon oath, which oath the commifiioners and fub-commiflioners in their feveral and refpe&ive diftri&s, or the major part of them, are hereby authorized to adminifter.

XI. And whereas by an a& made in the feventeenth and eighteenth years of the reigi} of bis Majefty King Charlefc the fecond, intituled, An act for the better ordering the felting of wines and aqua vita, together with all forts of ftrong waters by retail, it is enabled among other things, that every retailer of aqua vitas or other kind- of ftrong water whatfoever (hall be obliged to take out a licence for that purpofe, and fnall for fuch licence pay fuch fum, as (hall be agreed upon ; fo as none do pay lefs than the fum of ten (hillings yearly, and none be compelled to pay more in the city and county of the city of Dublin than ten pounds yearly, and in dl other places than five pounds yearly : and whereas the number of fpirit retailers, and the confumption of low pricedand noxious fpirits have of late grievoufly increafed m the city and county of Dublin to the manifril encouragement of drunkennefs and all forts of diforders to the ruin of many valuable trades and manufa&ures, and to the great detriment of the health of his Majefty’s fubje&s: for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and immediately after the paffingofthis a& there (hall be payable to his Majeftv, his heirs and fucceflbrs, for every licence to be granted for felling aqua vitas, or any kind of ftrong waters or fpirits whatfoever, by retail in the faid city, and within four miles of the Tholfel of the faid city, as well within franchifes and liberties as without, fuch fum, as (hall

be

Digitized by )OQle

One <»r 1 more chief

3J O *•

XO J'C 93.

<The third Tear o/'Gcorgc I! f. be agreed to be paid for fuch licence purfuant to the direction of the faid ad of the feventeenth and eighteenth of Charles the fecond ; fo as none do pay lef* than the fum of four pounds yearly, and none (hall be compelled to pay more than ten pounds yearly, a»)T law to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XII.	And whereas there are at prefent great quantities of low priced and noxious fpirits (old in obfeure and un-licenced houfes, and the increafing the duty upon fpirit licences will be an additional temptation to perfons to fell without licence : and whereas abufes of this kind' do fre^ qnently pafs unpuni/hed; in order therefore for the more expeditious determining and effeftual preventing the fame, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and ^ may be lawful to and for any one or more of the chief com- enmmiftiooert miflioners of excife to hear and determine all complaints, and of eiafc may to levy all foifeitures, that (hall be made or incurred by or determine againft any perfon or perfons for felling fpirits without li- comPl*UW4» * cence, in the lame manner and as effeftually to all intents and

purpofes, as any three of the faid chief commiflioners are now impo>vered to do, with like remedy of appeal as herein after mentioned.

XIII.	And whereas by the faid recited aft, pafTed in the thirty third year of the reign of his Lite Majefty King George the fecond, lecognizances are to be entered into by perfons applying for licences to fell viftuals, beer, ale, wine, and flrong waters in manner as by the (aid aft is dinefted, and fuch fees only are to be paid for the fame, as are allowed

in two feveral afts of Parliament made in the reign of King 14 and »5 C. *. Charles the fecond in the faid aft of the thirty third year of	c	^

King George the fecond particularly recited: and whereas	^

the fee, allowed by the faid afts to the coileftors of the duty arifing from licences, is after the rate of two (hillings for every year, which (hould be comprized in fuch licence fof felling of wines, and after the tate of twelve pence for every year which (hould be comprifed in fuch licence for felling of flrong waters, and no more 5 and the (aid coileftors are not to exaft or receive from any perfon to be licenced any fum of money, fee, or reward for the faid recognizance, licence, or acquittance, other than as aforefaid, upon pain of forfeit# ing the fum of ten pounds flerling, and being put from his office : and whereas the direftions m the faid recited aft of the thirty third year of the reign of King George the fecond concerning the taking of recognizances and granting of licences have occaiioned a great additional trouble and expence to the coileftors of the duty arifing from licences, particularly in the diftrift of Dublin, and the fees allowed by law for the fame are by no means adequate to the trouble and expence thereof: be It therefore enafted by the authoiity aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth

day



Digitized by

Google

Colle&or’s Fee of Dublin^ di(tri<5t on li-cer e to; etail Hr* y waters Bs. ft:.

No debt for fp’rituous li-or >rs recover* cd, imlejfii fane fidfc c#0-tiaobed at ' once to $s. or upwards. '

^0 licence

to retal li«: iquorsin gaol Vork or p0u^ houfe,

' - ! .

7i»r /£/W Tear $f George III. day of June, one thoufapd fevcp Wired and -fixty iW, ip lhall and may be lawful to and fpr the collector of the dut^si anting from flrong water licence? in tVie cotte&ioo p{ Qub* lin diftrict to take and receive from every perfon, thatfbalj be licenfed to fell ftrong waters by retail, the fum of twjij (hillings, and no more, tor every recognizance (provided that the faid colie&or do take good and fufficient Security, that the faid perfpns do keep a good and orderly houfe accordifg to the intent and meaning of tjie faid recite# P-&) Vnjr thing in the fti# ads qr any of them tp t£e contrary jrptc withftanding.

XIV.	Aad be it ena&ed by the authority afprefaid, TljAfc from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one tho«fam| feven hundred and fijcty four, no perfqn or perfong whatfoj-ever (hall be intitled unto pr maintain any caufe, aflion, QC fuit for, or recover either in law or equity, apv ftnp Pr fijjpf of money, debt, or demand? whatsoever fer or on accoupp of any fpirituone liquors, unjefs fqch debt (hall have regfly been and bona jidt contra&ed at QUe time to the amount five (hilling? or upwards : nor frail 3Py particular ^rticje py item ip any account or deipand for dibilled fpjntuou? liqudrg be allowed or maintained, where the liquors delivered at OOf time, and mentioned in fuch article or fom, frail not amount to the full value of five frijliugs at the leajl, and that without fraud or covin, and where no part of the liquors fp fold or delivered fhall have been returned or agreed tp bp returned diredUy or indiret^ly; and in cafe any retailer of fpjt-rituou? liquors (hall take or receive any pawn or pledge frpqji any perfon or perfons whatfoeyer by way of fecurity for thp payment of any fum or fums of money, owing by fuch p*o-fpn or perfons for fucb fpirituous liquors or flrong waters, every fucb perfon or perfons offending herqn, (hall forfeit ppd lofe the fum of forty (hillings for each, and every pawp pr pledge, fo taken in pr received by him or them, to b? levied and recovered by warrant under the hand and feal of onejuflice of the peace where the offence is committed"; and that one moiety thereof frail be to the ufe of the po^ of the parifr where ffich offence 13 committed, and the other moiety to the itifprmer or informers; and the perfon or perfons, to whom any fuch pawn or pledge dptli or (haft belong, (hall have the fame remedy for recovering fych pawn, or the value thereof, as if it had never been pledged.	'	'	‘

i XV. And be it enacted by the authority afcrefaid, That no licence' lhall be granted for the retailing pf fpirituous "fiquors, beer, ale, wine, cydtr, or other liquors within any gaol, prifop, houfe of correction, worh*hduf?, or houfe of entertainment for ’any parifr poor; and that ajl licences ^granted, of to be granted, cwtmy tp this yrorffipp fha!J

F% '	“ "V " ‘ ' ‘ ' £

1 \

«

7V

The l/tff ^ George lit bt yo14 aad of no effe&, from and after the f$:d twenty -fcqrdh day of June one thoufand fevcn hundred and frxty lour.

XVI.	And the more cffeduaBy to prevent the running of which is generally done in (mall package^ be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the ^twenty fourth day of June, one 1 hoptand (even hundred and forty four, fu>^ tea /hall be imported and brought into dip weight, if ^ic^dom, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek there- forfeited, or of, in any package wnatfoever, that (hall act hold or cop- ^ ****** tain at the leaf! ten pounds weight of tea, upon pain of for-gating ail fuch tea as (ball be imported or brought into this Jungdcm in a lefs package than tep pounds weight, or the yalce thereof.

XVJL And whereas federal merchants, after payment of Good* mot (he duties due and payable on goods, wares, and merchan* to Ik 00 enfam-tGzes imported into the port of Dublin, foffrr the fame to !*'“*« SW °f lie a conlideyabk time on the cuftom houfe quay of the (aid 2"cr *bnSn£ port, to the great obftiu&ion and hindrance of other per-	•*

tons having goods to land pa the fame quay: for remedy thereof, be it enaaed by the authority afbiefsid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand Jnren hundred and forty four, no perfon or perfons what!*)-	N

ever ^a3 fuffer his, her, or their go<*ds, wares, or merchandizes to remain or lie on the cuftonvhoufe quay of tlie port of Dublin, any longer fpace of time than ten days after the fame ihall have beeu landed; and if any perfon or perfuna (ballcontrary to the directions iu this a& mentioned, permit or /uffer Irb, her, or their goods, wares, or merchandizes to remain on the faid quay for a longer fpace of time than as aforeTaid, then, and in that cafe, afl and every perfon a$d perfons fo offending, (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings fieri mg for every day he, (he, or they (hall fuffer his, or the:r goods, wares, or merchandizes to he or remain on the (aid quay after the expiration of ten days, to be computed from the day of landing the* fame; which fold penalty (hall and may be recovered by civil bill before the recorder of the city of Dublin, pr the perfon appointed to hear civil bills in his abfence, and (hall be for the fok ufe of the perfon or perfon*, who (hall without fraud or covin firft fue for the fame : provided always that the owner of goods landed on a bill of view (hall not be liable to the penalties afore&id, until ten days after the fame (hajl be entered.

XVIII.	And whereas by an a£f made in the feventcenth Hesrth-maney

and eighteenth years"of the reign of King Charles the c^Mc^or*' foond, intituled. An additional ad for the better ordering ami J	**

edleBing the revenue arifing by hearth money, ft was among pther things enabled, 'that it (Lould aud might be lawful

for

Digitized by v^ooQle

!4aix3 *5 C.i

17.

17 and 18 C. 2.

18. £ 10.

The King may impower comm ifn oners of cuilomf

¥be third Tear of George I IT. for the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and council to conftitute and appoint fuch perfon and perfons, as they Ihould think meet, to be the officer or officers for the receiving and collefting the duty arifing by hearths* firing places, and ftoves, by virtue of the faid aft, and of one other aft made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the laid King’s reign, intituled. An aQ for ejiablijhing an ade&~ tiomsl revenue upon his MajeJ}yy his heirs and fucceffors, for ibe letter fvpport of his and their crown and dignity : and it was further enafted in and by the faid fir ft mentioned aft, that it, fhould and might be lawful for the faid lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors, ai|d council of this kingdom for the time being, from time to time to appoint fuch perfons, as they fhohld think fit, tp do, execute, and perform all and every the matters and things, which by the faid recited afts were to be done, executed or performed by any julticcs of the ptlace or clerks cf the peace of this kingdom: and whereas for many years paft, the perfons employed in the receiving or collecting the duty arifing by hearths, firing places, and ftoves, have been appointed by the commiffioners of his Majefty’s revenue, jn puifuance of the powers and authorities given and granted v*ito them in and by the feveral letters patent or com-millions under the great feal of this kingdom, which haye from time to time been paffed, conftituting ^nd appointing the feveral perfons in the refpeftive letters patent mentioned to be commiffioners of his Majefty’s revenues m and throughout the realm of Ireland : and whereas it hath been queftiou-cd, whether the appointment of officers for the receiving Or collefting the faid duties arifing from hearths, firing places, and ftoves by the commiffioners of the revenue, in purfu-ance of the faid letters patents or commiffions be ftriftly legal: for taking away all doubts concerning the fame, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the commiffions or appointments which have heretofore been executed under the hands and feals of the commiffioners of his Majeftv’s revenue, or any three or more of them, or which fhafl bJ executed by them, or any three or more of them, during the continuance of their prefent commiffion, conftituting and appointing the feveral and refpeftive persons named or mentioned in fuch commiffions or appointments, the officer or officers, colleftor or colleftors, of the duty arifing from hearths, firing places, and ftoves, {hall be and are hereby declared to be firm, valid, and effectual in the law to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, by one or more commiffion or commiffions.

Digitized by v^ooQle

The third Tear of George III* nafSons, under the great ftal of this kingdom, to authorise and impower the commiffioners of cuftoms and excifc, or toy three or more of them, to appoint fuch peribo and peridot, as they (hall think fitting, to be the officer or officers, cpU aad excifc, «r -kdor or colie&ore, for receiring and coPcditg the doty ari- “7	**

hag by or from hearts, firing places, and ftoves: which (aid EndCLooey officers and colle&ors fo to be appointed, (halLhave all fuch colled**, s» powers and authorities, as if they had been {creraDy appoint* if federally ed, according to the directions of the (aid recited a& of the ePP”m<x* feventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of King Charles	*.

the fecoiuL	gg,

XX.	Provided always. That in cafe his Majcfty, his heirs Ifcoswmf-and fucceflors, (hall not think fit to authorise and impower h°oer* the commi (Turners of cuftoms and excite, or any three or more of them, to conftitute and appoint fuch officers and if this id collectors as aforefaid, that then, and in fuch cafe, all and nor made, every fuch officers and colled ore as aforeiaid (hall be appointed by fuch perfpn and perfons, and in fuch manner, as if this ad had never been made.

XXL And be it further enaded by the authority afore- lie d Man hid, That all contrails, of what nature or kind (berer, made or to be made with any perion or perfons whatsoever mutation for auy excifeable goods or commodities dandcftinely im- of exufcsbfc ported, or to be clandeftinely imported into this kingdom g°°f* thence from the Ifle of Man, (hall be, and are hereby declared and ***** adjudged to be null and void, and of no dfe&; nor (hall any fuit be thereupon maintainable in any court of law or equity in this kingdom.

XXII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* hid, That from the twenty fourth day of June, one thou- no drawbukt find feven hundred and fixty four, no merchant, or other wi csponmg perfon or perfons, who (haU import into this kingdom foreign filks, not of the manufadure of Great Britain, (hall Britain, be iiftided to any drawback whatsoever oil exporting or re-hipping the fame.

CHAP. XXIL

An A3 for difcbargtng all Arrears of Quit, Crown, and Com-poftion Rents, which have been growing due for twenty Tears laji paft, on the Term, and in tie Manner therein

mentioned.

WHEREAS feveral lands, reftory, abbey, priory. Revived and monaftery lands, tythes, fairs, tenements, and here-ditaments, chargeable with quit rents, crown rents, compo- ,g Indi^O. $. fition rents, as other chief rents payable to his Majeity, his c. 19. f. 6. heirs and fucceflors, hav^ been for many yean patted returned

Digitized by Google

ro8 A* IX

1763. Ck*p. 2?.

Before 25 March 17*10, petition may be to Exchequer of lasds. Arc liihle to quit, crown, com portion, or chief rent to the King, not paid 20 years before 29 Stpt. 1764, at* herein.

Tbt third Tsar of Qfeorge III.

turned by tic cctte&ort of hk JVfajefty’s revenue, to wiuui fuch rent* have been given in charge, as not bo be fcoarf, and fuch rents hate been conftantly carried on, and returned in anrear 5 by means whereof fuch arrears do now amount to corifiderable furot of money, and will be great incumbrances pn fuch lands, redory, abbey, priory, and monastery land*, tythes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments, in cafe tb* fame ffiould be hereafter difeowered: and whereas it is ap* prehemkd from the great length of time, that fuch ar* years have been carried on, and the changes of names that have happened in feyeral of the faid lands, redory, abbey, priory, monaftety lands, tythes, fairs, tenements, and hete-dkameats, that the discovery of fuch lands, yedory, abbey,

Kry, and monailery lands, .tythes, fairs, tenements, and ditaments, and the recoveiy of fuch arrears, will become every day more difficult a#d expenfivc, and that giving an enepuragement to the prefent owners of fuch lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monafury lar^s, tythes, fairs, tener mentSj and hereditaments, to difeover the fame, fo as that the growing rents payable to his Majefly, his heirs and fac-peflors, may be hereafter pundually paid, will increafe hit Majefty's revenue: be it enadejd by the King's moft excel* lent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of th# lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prcffflt ^Parliament affembled, and by the authority of $be fame. That it fhaU and may be lawful to and for every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, at any jigge before the twenty fifth day of March, which will be in the. year of our Lord oae thou land feven hundred and Seventy, to prefer hi6, her, or their petition or pe^tiofts ^to his Ma» jetty's court of Exchequer, thereby fetting forth that all pjr fome of the lands, re&ory, abbey, priory, mopaftery lands, tythes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments, whereof fae* far, or they is or are feiaed, is or are fubjeci ox liable tp fome certain .quit rent, crown rent, comppfition rent, or ptber chief ?ent» payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, which hath not been paid by him* her, or them, or thofe junder whom they refpe&ively derive, for the fpace of twenty years next immediately preceding the twenty ninth day of September in the year of our Lord one thouiand feven hun-r* dred and fixty four, particularly ejeferibing in fuch petition the lands liable to the payment thereof as weR by their prey fent as former names and denominations, and thereby fub-mitting to pay all fuch annual quit rent, crown rent, comr pofition rent, or .other chief rent, which fliali become due from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, and praying to have fuch lands, re&ory, abbey, priory, monaT liry lands, tythes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments, dif-chargfcd of and-from all arr^ar$ of fuch rent incurred due

hefoye

third Yutr e/Geargt Ilf.	iQX)

befote the faid twenty ninth day of September one thousand A. D. feven hundred and foxy four; which petition or petitions 1763.

(hall be enerofTed on parchment, and figned by the party or Chap. at.

Ces preferring the fame, (except in cafe of a minor, or	"*J

iek, and in fuch cafe by the guardian or guardians, Petition eo-

committee or committees* of fuch minor or Tuaatidt) and

flail be hied on record in the fecond remembrancer's office ; gLuxitJnof

and that a copy of fuch petition (hall be read in open court committee, filed

on foine day during*the term or the fittings after the term, “ remembran-

in which fuch petition fhall be preferred, or, if preferred in ^a^ot

the time of vacation, then on fome day in the term next ^ court, Ac.

Mowing; and that thereupon an order (hall be made by

the faid court, that the auditor geoend or his deputy or Order to

deputies fhall fearch into the refpedtive rent-rolls, books, fcarchanl

and records in his office, and (hall certify to the faid court, ge,,^ if fuch

by a certain day to be appointed by the laid court, whether rent accounted

any fuch rent, or nents, as is or are mentioned in fuch peti-f°r hi 20 years

tion or petitions, hath or have been accounted for to his Mar . ffe	9

• *.	v«.	•«• ir	r	I704,and fervea

jefty or tus predeceflors within the fpace of twenty years on	rea

next preceding the faid tweoty ninth day of September one day* before thoufand feven hundred and fixty four; a copy of which certificate, order fhall be ferved on the faid auditor general or his deputy fen days at the leaft before the day appointed for his mating fuch certificate ; and the faid auditor general or his deputy is hereby required to make fuch fearches, and to certify to the faid court of Exchequer, whether it appears to him, that fuch rents have been paid or accounted tor to his Majefty or his predeceflors within the fpace of twenty years next before the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four; for which fearch the fum of ******** two (hillings and fix pence, and no more, and for which certificate the fum of fix (hillings and eight pence, and no ficatr ^ $4. more, and for entry of a difeharge of fuch arrears out of the entry oF<ttf> rent rolls the fum of three (hillings and four pence, and no charge of more, (hah be paid to the (aid auditor general: and if upon *** ^d’ return of fuch certificate, and upon examining into the truth of the allegations of fuch petition or petitions by the faid . court of Exchequer in a fummary way it (hall appear to the hid court, that the allegations contained in flich petition or petitions are true, or if it (hall appear, that no quit renr, crown rent, compofition rent, or other chief rent payable to bis Majefty, his heirs and fucceffbis* hath been paid for or out of fiich lands, redory, abbey, priory, monaltry lands, tythes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments, or hath been accounted for to the collectors of his Majcfly’s revenue for the diftrict, wherein fuch lands, redory, abbey* priory, monaftry lands, tythes, tenements, or hereditaments lie, within the term of twenty years next before the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four,

then

CoQedori before affixes Bext aftrr fft March 1765, to make lids of all land«, bfc. chargeable whereout no fuch rent paid 20 years w*th the annual rent payable, and amount of anear.

third Tear of George then and in fuch cafe the faid court of Exchequer is hereby authorized, impowered, and required to make an order on fuch petition or petitions,, that the faid lands, redory, abbey, priory, monaftry lands, tythes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments mentioned in fuch petition or petitions, and the perfons who from time to time refpeftively held and enjoyed the fame, fhafl be abfolutely freed and difeharged of and from all fuch rents and arrears due or in arrear at any time before the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four; and fhall order the faid auditor general to give in charge fuch growing rents, as the (aid lands, redory, abbey, priory, monaftery lands, tythes, tenements, or hereditaments, (hall appear to be charged or chargeable with,* which (hall become due from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, to the colledor or collectors of the diftrid or diftrids, where fuch lands, redory, abbey, priory, monaftry lands, tythes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments do lie, to the intent that the fame may be duly collected for the future ; and that fuch order (hall be an effectual difeharge againft his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, as to fuch arrears.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the coQedors of his Majefty’s revenue in their feveral and refpedive diftrids before the next general afiizes, which fhall happen next after the fidt day of March, which will be in the year of our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, for the refpedive counties in which their refpec-tive diftrids lie, to make or caufe to be made exad lifts of the names of all the lands, redory, abbey, priory, monaftry lands, tythes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments, fituate in their refpedive diftrids chargeable with any quit rent, crown rent, compofition rent, or other chief rent, payable to his Majefty, his heirB and fucceflors, and whereout no fuch rent hath been paid for twenty years before the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, together with the annual quit rent, crown rent, compofition rent, or other chief rent payable out of fuch lands, redory, abbey, priory, monaftry lands, tythes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and alfo the amount of the arrears due for the faid lands, redory, abbey, priory, monaftry lands, tythes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments refpedively at the time of making fuch lifts; which faid lifts fhall be publickly affixed on the feffion-houfe doors of the refpedive counties, wherein fuch lauds, redory, abbey, priory, monaftry lands, tythes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments do lie, the firft day of the faid afiizes; and fhall alfo be read by the ckrk of the crown on the fecond day of fuch afiizes in open court, to the intent that all perfons

third Tear of George II f.

Ions within the faid county may have puhlick notice of the fame; and in like manner the faid collector (hall continue to make the like lids, and the fame ftujl in like manner be pub-lifhed on the feffion-houfe doors of the faid refpe&ive counties, and read in open court the three next following affixes, which (hall be held for the refpe&ive counties, wherein their refpeftive didri&s are fituate.

CHAP. XXVI.

An Aft far confirming the Titles, and for quieting the PoJJtJJs-ms of Protejlants ; and for giving Ti*ue to Converts from Popery to perform the Requifites of Conformity preferibed by the Lavas againfi Popery.

WHEREAS many families in this kingdom now are, and for many years pad have been, m the quiet and undifturbed pofteffion of cdates formerly the edates of per-fona profeffing the popifh religion, and therefore may on account of the gavelb’ng claufe in the ad of the fecond year ^ of the reign of Queen Anne, and of other claufes in that j- IO ^ aft, and alfo in the ad of the eighth year of the reign or Queen Anne, be hereafter didurbed by dormant rights 8 Amm ± claimed by force, and under colour of the faid ads, whereby the titles of his Majedy*s protedant fubjedi are rendered infecurt: we therefore your Majedy’s mod dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Ireland in Parliament aflembled, do mod humbly befcech your Majefty, that it may be en-afted, and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and£fith the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the title. Title, poCe£-pofleflion, edate, or intered of any protedant in or to any mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments in this king-tc(kirt not imT dom, (hall not be avoided or impeached by the aid of the peached by aid laws made in this kingdom to prevent the growth of popery, the popery or by the aid of any of the faid law's, by means or by colour ***** *** of any right or pretended right, which accrued twenty years before the fird day of the prefent feffion of Parliament, if no fuit has been commenced or profecUted within that time chiming fuch right ; and if fome perfon or perfons of full age, of found memory, out of prifon, in this kingdom, and difeovert (the right being in a woman) hath been in being fome time within twenty years before the fird cf the prelent feffion of Parliament, or before the commencement of twenty years before the fird day of the prefent feffion of Parliament, who might have fued for fuch right.

II.	And whereas many of his Majedy’s protedant fub- Nor impeach jefts of this kingdom have become inritled to very confide- «d if purchase -

3	^ble	fora	a convert

III

A. D. 1763.

Digitized by Google

or reputed pro-teftant.

Profeffing as herein, deemed preteftants fi om time of conformity.

Time for performing requi-fites enlarged to 24 June 1800, &c. 34 G. 3. c. 33. f. 17.

Not’to affe& judgment, &c.

4%e third Yedf b'f &6otgt Hi, tdbt<f eflaws by, from, arid uridef dtvets perfotis, 1irhd of the popifh religion, and who became converts to tke df* taMffhed church, or who have been reputed proteftaYits tit converts, and who neverthelcfs omitted to perform*- thofe quifites, preferibed by the laws made in this kingdom to pvd* vent the growth of popery, rnr the Cafe of perfontf t&ti* forming from popery to the eftafefHfced Cftor'ch : be it thefd-* fore further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the title, eftate, or interdt of any prOteltzmt to any meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments in this kingdom, heretofore derived by purehafe* from any Convert, or reputed convert from popery, or from any reputed proteftaht, fftall not be avoided or impeached by the* aid of any of the foid laws.

III.	And be it further ena&edby the authority aforefaid* That all fuch perfon or perfons, as have heretofore obtamdl the bifhop’s certificate of their conformity,. and from and after the obtaining the fame have profefled the protdtefit religion, and have continued profetfants, arid have riot performed all the other legal requifites of Conformity, and fhall perform the fame before the firff day of Etecember in the year one thoufand feveri hundred and fixfy five, ftiaB from the time of his, her, or their conformity' from the popilh to the proteftanf religion,, be deemed arid taken to fed proteftants of the eftablifoed church, to all intents and pittT-pofes.

lVv. provided always, Thar nothing herein contained fhali barr, defeat, or prejudice any judgment or decree, heretofore obtained1 by ariy perfon or p'Orfois wfiaffoever, in any court of law or equity, or any' fult rfoW' depending, grounded upon the popery' laws, which hath been duly, proceeded upon.

C H* A P\ XXVTfi

1 G. 3. 10. continued till 1769, & c.

extended to Cork^ 5 G. 3. 15.

continued 7 G. 3 20 f. 14. 19, 20 G. 3 c. 14. f. ic. and to 24 June 1806, by 35 G. 3. o. S4*£

An, AB to amend' arid continue an Act> ftlritufed; A* A A to prevent the eXccjJivc Price tf Coals in the' City of Dublin,

WHEREAS an a $ of Parliament' madt in thisr kingdom, intituled', Ari a& to prevent the Cxctjfwe price of coals in the city of Dublin, has been found by experience to be a ufeful law : be it erta&ed by the' King’s rtioft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and conlent of the lords fpiritual and' temporal and commons in this prefent* Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the fame be continued' till the year one' tlioufarid ferCn hundred and fixty nine, and' from thence till the end of the then next feffion of Parliament; with die’ following amendments.

4

II. Be

Tbo third Year of George f If.	|i$

. II. Be it eiiafted by the authority aforefaid, That from A. D. vd after the twenty fifth day of March next, whenever and 1763. soften as it (hall happen, that the piice of coils in the city Chap. 27. of Dublin (hall exceed the price or rate of eighteen (hillings ^ the ton, that the publick coal-yard or coal-yards, in calc When coal* in there (hall be more than one, (hall be kept open from the	Vh'e^tui^Cfh

hour of ten in the morning till four in the afternoon pa eveiy pubUck yard* to day, Sunday and Chriilmas day only excepted, during be openod m which time the direftor and bis clerk (hall duly and clofely hc'cm. attend the faid coal-yard or coal-yards ; and in cafe the fa id direftor (hall wilfully negleft fuch his attendance, or in cafe the faid direftor or comptroller (hall wilfully negleft in any refpeft his or their duty, that the faid director and comptroller, and each 0/ them, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fom of ten pounds to be recovered in a iummary way by civil bill, to be brought before the recorder of the city of Public, purfuant to the (latute in that cafe made and pro* yided ; the fum fo to be iccovered to be to the life of fuch	*

yerfon who (ball firil fue for the fame, fuch perfoq firft mak* lag oath before the faid recorder (which oath he is hereby ^powered and required to adminifter) that fuch civil bill was (tot brought direftly or indireftly in truft for the faid dl-re&or or comptroller.

IIL Provided always. That fuch civil bill (hall be brought Pitkin three months jyfter fuch offence committed.

IV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That The office in cafe a decree (hall be obtained againft fuch direftor or y°id from Complrolltr, for not attending or for ncgleftiog his faid of-

fice, that in every fuch cafe the office of fuch direftor or	*

comptroller (hall be null and void, to all iutents and pur-

pofes, from the time of obtaining fuch decree, unlefs there,

ihaQ be an appeal from fuch decree, and then from the

time of affirming thy faid decree, in cafe the fame lhall be

affirmed.

V.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That |^”°|,j|cr ^

; the lord lieutenant, or other civil governor or chief gover-	*

gore of this kingdom, for the time being, (hall appoint fome other perfon in the place of the director or comptroller, whofe office (hall be fo vacated as afoiefaid.

VI.	A°d be it declared and euafted by the authority ,• 'J f* aforefaid, That fhe fecurity by tjie (aid aft required from

the (aid direftor and comptroller, (hall be entered into bj them refpeftivfty before the lord mayor qf the city of Pnblin.

VII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Seeunrye*.

(pch fecurity (hall be entered into, on or before the firft day tc**d before iff pf June next; and that in cafe the faid drredqr and compn -fucc» *c# trptkr, or either of them, (hall fail or negleft to enter into

foch fecurity pn or before the faid firft i^y of June, or in

Vow Yt'..................... H	m

*fhe third Year of George III. one month after the appointment of fuch tlire&or or coirip-tToller, that the place of the direftor or comptroller fo failing or neglefting, (hall be abfojutely null and void to all intents and purpofes; arid the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the time being, {hall appoint fome other perfon to be comptroller or dire&or in the place of the perfon fo failing or neglefting.

Salaries paid ' VIII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That to dire&or, &c. the falaries of, two hundred pounds yearly, and of thirty-pounds yearly for a clerk, or iixty pounds yearly, (if it {hall be found necefTary to keep more than one) {hall be paid to the faid direftor, together with a fum not exceeding yearly thirty pounds to be allowed for one coal-yard, not exceeding the fum of fixty pounds yearly in cafe there {hall be more than one ; which faid feveral falaries and fums {hall be paid to the faid direftor by half yearly payments on every firft day of December and firft day of June yearly by his Majefty's receiver general; to whom the receipt of the faid direftor fhall be a fufficient warrant or voucher for the payment of fuch fums, which {hall be allowed him in his accounts.

Tool; yearly JX. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That to	the	fum	of	one	hundred pounds yearly {hall be paid to the

* faid comptroller in the fame manner and at the'fame times, as the fums hereby appointed to be jkiid to the faid director ; and that the receipt of fuch comptroller {hall be a fufficient warrant or voucher for payment of the fame, which {hall be allowed to the faid receiver general in his accounts.

X.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid feveral falaries and yearly fums fhall commence and be paid from the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, the firft of the faid half yearly payments to be made as for the firft of December, in tl*e year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two.

Certificate as XI. And to prevent any difficulty or lofs of time in oh? ky i G. 3.10. taining-the certificates in the faid aft mentioned, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That a certificate of fuch import, as by the faid aft is direfted, from any one alderman of the city of Dublin, or from either of the iheriffs of the faid city for the time being, or from any minifter or curate, or either of the church-wardens of any parifh of the city of Dublin, or the liberties thereunto adjoining, {hall be deemeij fufficient.

One barrel XII, And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That fonVday * ****“ t^ie quantity of one barrel, and no more, may be fold out of the faid .puelick coal yard to one perfon in one day. an^oha^ion^f1	XIII. And whereas the coals depofited in the faid pub-1

chief governor	c°al yard or coal yards may be damaged by remaining

in

Said fums from I June 1762.

Digitized by

Google



<Tbt third Vemr *f George 111.	Ilj

in tlie faid coal yard for a length of time : be it enabled by A. D. the authority aforelaid. That the (aid director by and with 1763. the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief go- Chap. 17. pernor or chief governors and privy council of this king-dom, firft had and obtained for that purpofe, may fell out maX^41 the faid coals at fuch times and at fuch prices, as (hall be appointed by the faid loud lieutenant, or the chief gover- pay to ^ trcA, nor or governors, aud privy council; and the money arifing fuiy. by the fale of fuch coals (hall be paid into his Majefty’s trea^

'fury.

XIV.	And b* it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Cosl-jranW

That the lord mayor and board of aldermen (hall from time *«d rf,,t *P* to time by inftrument in writing under their hands and feals	^

'Jdire# and appoint, in what place or places the faid publick Ifcrn^n wider -coal yard or publick coal yards (if they (hall find it oeceffary hand andlc4« to have more than one) (hall be kept, and what rent (halib*

paid for the fame, not exceeding the allowance aforefaid ; and in cafe the faid dire#or (ha 1 after the firft day of June next take er ufe any place as for a publick yard without fuch appointment, he (hail forfeit for every fuch offence the Ann of one hundred pounds , to be recovered as aforefaid.

XV.	And be k ena#ed by the authority aforefaid, That Buying co*lt if any perfon or perfous whatfoever, an inhabitant of this I'r’rrc arrival kingdom, (hall buy or contra# for any coals coming by fra o{

to be fold m or for the city of Dublin, after fuch coals (h*H *D * **** l^c** arrive within the port or harbour of Dublin, and before they (hall arrive wdlward of the town of Ringfend, fuch perfoq or perfbns (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by civil bill before the judge or judges having jurifcHetion to hear and determine civil bills where fuch offence (hall be committed 5 and that all contrafls for coals made or entered into contrary to the dire#ions aforefaid, and before fuch coals (hall arrive weft ward of Ringfend, fhali be utterly void to all intents and purpofes 5 and that the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, in cafe he (hall have rca-fon to fufpt# any contr?-#* for the buying or felling of couls to have been entered into contrary to the directions aforefaid, he (hall have power to fummon any inhabitant or inhabitants of the city of Dublin before him, who may he able to give him information therein, and to examine fuch inhabitant or inhabitants upon oath concerning the fame : provided that no perfon fo to be fummoned and examined (hall be compelled to anfwef any queftions, which may teiyl to aqcufe himfeif,

fubject himfeif to any penalty,

v *

CHAP,

n6

A. D, 1763.

The third Year of George III.

CHAP. XXVIII.

An API for letter preventing the Severities and unjuji Exactions pros! ifed by Gaolers againft their Pirifoners, and for . ' more ef'tciually fupporting Profecuticns at the Suit of the Crown in Cafes if Felony and Ideafen.

Expl 17, 18 "YTCT HEREAS many frauds and abufes havebeen com-G. 3 c! 28 * V y mitted by gaolers exafting exorbitant fees, brewing 33,24 G. 3. c. of drink, and baking of bread (which they oblige their pri-ai saG c f°ner8 to ta^c from them at their own rates) and by keeping 42! 22	^ C* their gaols in a filthy, unwholfome manner : and whereas

many doubts have arifen on a claufe contained in^an aft of Parliament, paired in this kingdom in the third year of the reign of his late Majefly King George the fecond, intitule*!, 3 G. 2. 5. An act for continuing feveral temporary Jlatutes made in this f o.	kingdom,	and now near expiring,	and for the amendment of other.

Jlatutes therein mentioned, particularly, whether the judges qn-their circuits are impowered to confirm prefentments made by grand juries for medicines provided for poor prifoners confined in the feveral gaols of this kingdom: and whereas the bread, appointed by the faid aft to be bought for the ijfe of the poor prifoners, hath been contrary to the intention thereof given indiscriminately to all the prifoners confined iij the faid gaols, and is often dillributed among the faid prifoners by the gaoler, and not by the miniller and curate, as direfted by the faid aft : and whereas gaolers frequently pay large fumsor engage to pay a rent to fuch perfqn or perfons, who have the power of appointing them, and thereby ap-* prehend, they have a right to continue therein independent of the authority of the perfons fo appointing them, andtffe every unwarrantable means to reimburfe thenjfelves the fums by them paid, or the rent agreed to be paid, for the faid offices : be it enafted by the King?s moft excellent Majefly,

, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firfl: No fee, gra- ^ay Gf Auguft, one thoufand {even hundred and fixty four, payable byR * no	or	other	perfon	or perfons, bodies corporate or po-

gaolers.	litick, having, powers to appoint a gaoler, {hall by themfelveg,

qr any other perfon in truft for them, take any fee or gratuity, or referve any rent payable out of any fuqh gaol for fuch appointment under the penalty of five hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to be paid to the King, the other to the .	informer with full cofts of fuit, who fliall by bill, plaint, or

information in any of his M^jefty/s courts of record firfl fue for the fame.

II. And

Digitized by

The third Tear of George Ilf.

IT. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-faid. That every gaoler Mall at the next affixes to be held for the feveral countie* in this kingdom, and at the r.cxt quarter feflions to be held for the county of Dublin and the county of the city of Dublin, after the commencement of this ait deliver a table of fees, and the price of lodging, ufe of a bed, or other charges claimed by him in or on account of his gaol, to the grand jury of the faid counties, or counties of cities, or counties of a town ; which t?.jle (hall be by fuch grand jury examined, altered, and fettled, and confirmed by the judge of the allizc in the faid county, and by three of the juitices at the quarter feiTions in the county of Dublin, and by the recorder in the county of the city, according to their diferetion, and forthwith polled by fuch gaoler in the mod publick place of his gaol, and likrwife in the court and feflion-lioufcs, and in the grand jury room, at every aflizes and feflions; the fame to be kept fair, and renewed as often as it may be defaced ; upon pain of forfeiting the fum of forty ihilliugs for every fuch default or neglect in fuch gaoler ; to be recovered by-civil bill by fuch informer as (hall firit fue fpr the fame.

III.	And be it further ena&cd by the authority afore-faid. That if any gaoler (hall take any other fee or ftim, except thofe allowed and appointed by the faid table, the faid gaoler (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, to be recovered by civil bill by the informer.

IV.	And whereas the miniiler and church-wardens of the refpettive pai idles, wherein gaols lie, arc frequently impofed upon by gaolers returning names of prifoners as in their cuf-tody and in want of bread, who really are not, and by baking their own bread making it of fuch weight and iort as they think proper: for remedy whereof, be it enacled by the authority aforefaid, That no gaoler, or any perfon in truftfor him, (hall brew or bake in the gaol, or in the houfes hereby appointed for the ufe of the prifoners confined in the faid gaol, or (hall in any place brew or bake for falc, or keep any (hop for the felling of bread, or beer, or ale, or other liquors, under the penalty of five pounds for every fuch offence, to be recovered in the ufual manner by civil bill by the perfon who (hall inform of and fue for the fame.

Table of fees and other charges rlcliver-e J to grand juries, &c«

Like penalty on gaoler t other fee.

No gaoler to hrew or hake for fale, bread, beer, or liquors.

V. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Minifter or the miniiler or curate (hall weekly deliver bread, to be by curate to buy them or either of them brought upon the bell terms that bread weekly bread is ufually fold for in the pari(h, to (iich of the laid pri- to prifoners in . fooers confined in gaol; as feem to him or them to be in waut, See. want, and to no other ; and that every miniiler or curate (hall from time to time, as he (hall fee occalion, vilit and view the prifonerB in gaol; and if any. prifoner appears to

be

Digitized by

Google

No cattkkcj t in the gaol, yard, or houfes of priioners.

Grand juries to purchase ground near gaols, and eredl a wall for fecu-*ity of prisoners.

And raifeby prefeiitnrunt, c >nfii med by judj/e of aflife, Ac. not above 100I or 10I. yearly rent.

And toyrei lent money for building a iowmIot perfona ittfaue, Ac.

The third Tear of George I'll, be affliftedwith ficknefs, And to fland in need of medicines, the fiiid minifter or curate is hereby impowered to employ a phyfician, apothecary, or furgeon, and to pay for fuch medicines, as (hall be by them, or either of them, preferibed, and made ufe of.

VI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the commencement of this aft, no gaoler, or any perfon employed by him, (hall prefume on any account to keep in the laid gaols, or the yard or houfes adjoining thereto, and provided for the ufe of fuch prifoners, any hogs, cows, or other cattle, under the penalty of forty (hillings for fuch hog, cow, or other beaft kept in the faid pad or prifon, or in the yard or houfes thereto belonging, for each day fuch hog, cow, or other beaft, (hall be kept therein; the fame to be recovered-by civil bill, in the ufual manner, by any perfon who,(hall inform thereof.

VII.	And whereas many infeftious diforders are daily produced by the confinement of numbers in clofe prifons, whereunto there is no back-yard adjoining, and the lives of his Majefty’s fubjefts are endangered by the bringing of prifoners into publick ftreets for air: be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That every grand jury at the afiizes or quarter feflions aforefaid may be enabled, and they are hereby required and direfted, to contraft either by leafe, or to purchafe a piece of ground next adjoining the gaol, or as near as conveniently can be had thereto, and caufe to be erefted neceflary houfes, and a wall fufficient for the fecurity of the faid prifoners.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid grand juries at the aflizes or quarter feffions, aforefaid, (hall, be, and they are hereby impowered to raife by prefentment, to be confirmed by the judge at fuch afliies, or by three of the jullices in the city of Dublin, and by the recorder of the city of Dublin, in the county of the faid city, any fum to be levied off the county at largf, not exceeding one hundred pounds, for the purchafe of fuch ground, and building fuch houfes and wall, or any yearly fum for the payment of fuch rent, not exceeding ten pounds.

IX.	. And whereas it often happens, that perfons of infane mind, and outrageous behaviour, are committed to prifon for affaults, or other crimes not capital, which perfons go now in common with the other prifoners : be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the grand juries aforefaid may be enabled, and they are hereby required and direfted, to prefent a fum of money to build a room in addition to the prefent gaols (where fuch is not already to be had) fit for the reception of fuch perfon or perfons, and wherein the

gaoler

Digitized by

Google



Tbt third Yoar of George III.	119-

gaoler flwH be unpowered by a warrant from the next juftice	A. D.

*of the pe?ce for the county wherein fuch gaol fhaU lye, to 1763. confine any fuch perfon, information upon oath having firft Chap. 28* been given to fuch juftice of the peace of the infanity or other outrageous behaviour of every fuch ptifoner.

X.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Prefeutment the faid grand juries (hall at the faid afiizea and quarter feffi-

ons afone/aid, be impowered, and they are hereby impower-	*

ed,to raife by presentment, to be confirmed as aforefaid, off the county at large* any fum, not exceeding the fum of thirty pounds for building fuch a room.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Separact laid. That in all gaols hereafter to be built, there may be dif- apartment* in tnwd apartments for the men and women 5 and that -all

gaolers, whofe gaols will at prefent admit of fuch a diltinc- ren *** tion, may be obliged to feparate and keep apart the different fexes ; provided the lame may be done without any rifque or danger of an efcape of any the faid prifoncra; of which, if apprehended, the gaoler (hall give notice to the next juftice of the-peace ; and if the faid juftice (hall upon vifiting the fauLgaol, fee fufficient grounds for fuch apprehenfions, or that the faid ^aol is infufficient for the purpofe aforefaid, he (hall, by writing under his hand, give to the laid gaoler a certificate thereof; and if any gaoler (hall offend contiary to the intent and meaning hereof, he (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, the penalty to go to the informer.

XII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, -Prefcntment

That the faid juries (hall be impowered to raife and levy by	ro0**

prefentment, to be confirmed as aforefaid, any fum not ex- giob. ceeding one hundred pounds, for altering the gaols already

built in mr n ler aforefaid.

XIII.	And for the better and more cffe&ual relief of the Osolmat unhappy perfons in any gaol or prifon during their confine-

ment, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That at every ^ prifoocri quarter feffions held in or for the respective counties, counties td the joilicet, of cities, and counties of towns in this kingdom, the gao- who many eu* ler or prifon-keeper for every refpe&ive gaol or prifon for	w

• fuch county, city, or tortn, (hall funfifh the juftices, who (hall prefidc at fuch feffions, with a true kalendar of the perfon or perfons actually in his cuftody*; and the faid juftices may, if they think proper, order -the prifoner or prifoners to be. brought into the court, provided fuch feffions are held in the city or town, wherein fuch gaol or prifon (hall be kept, and there examine them touchiog any fraud, feverity, orex-a&ion of any fufh gaoler or prifon-keeper ; and if any fuqh (hall appear upon proof, the faid juftices (hall and may figni-ij the fame by writing under their hands to the high (heriff or his deputy, or o&pr perfon or pcrftms who ufually nominate

Digitized by

Google

1*0 A. D.

1763. Chap. *8.

Prefentment to minifter for bread accounted

for as by 3 G. 2.. 5* f< 6.

Prefentment to hiinifter not above 10I yearly*

Penalties on mmifters for non-performance, as by 3 G. %. c. 5. f. 6.

Additional fa. • lary to gaolers ^otjtbove 10I.

Prefentment, not above 2s. per d'y, for prosecutors, &c.

The third Teat of George III.

Date or appoint fuch gaoler or prifon-keeper, who is or af^r hereby required to nominate and appoint another perfon to take care of any fuch gaol or prifon in the room of fuch per-* fon, as (hall he fo obje&ed to by the faid juftices ; and in cafe any perfon fo ufually nominating or appointing any fuch gaoler or prifon-keeper, fhall refufe or negle& to as herein before dire&ed, it (hall be lawful for the next goingr judge of afiize in every fuch county, city, or town, or for the faid juftices in the county of Dublin, or for the find re-* corder in the county of the faid city, tp impofe a fine or penalty upon the perfon fo negle&ing or rtfufing, not left than ten pounds } unlefs it (hall appear to fuch judge, that fuch removal or new appointment could not be made witb^ out manifeft danger to the fecurity of the faid gaol.

XIV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefai4» That all any every fum and fums of money, which (hall be granted by the grand jury to the minifter or curate for bread or other neceflaries, as preferibedby the faid aft of the third-year of his late Majefty King George the fecond, and hereift befoie particularly mentioned, (hall be accounted for in open court, as by the faid acl is direfted.

XV.	And be it ena£i ed by the authority aforefaid, That the refpedtive grand juries of the refpe&ive counties, oounties of cities, and counties of towns, may, if they think proper, give to the minifter or to the curate by prefentment any fum, not exceeding ten pounds yearly, for the more carefully and efre&ually attending the duty required by this a£.

XV L And be it like wife enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the minifter or curate of the parilhes, wherein fuch gaols (hall be, (hall diligently perform the feveral duties, required by this a&, and by the faid recited a& of the thirds year of his. late Majefty 5 and for non-performance thereof (hall be liable to fuch penalties, as are mentioned in the faid recited a£1, to be recovered and difpofed of as therein men* tioned.	v.

XVII. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That' ‘ the faid grand juries (hall be impowered to raife and levy by' prefentment, to be confirmed as aforefaid, any fum not exceeding ten pounds, additional falary for the feveral gaoler* k in this kingdom.

XVIII* And w'hereas many perfons, accufed of, and guilty of treafon and felony, cfcapt. the punifhment due to fuch * crimes by the poverty of their profecutors, who a&ually for?-r feit their recognizances, rather than undergo thelofsof their V labour and the unavoidable t:xpenco they muft be at by at- '/ . tendance at the allizes 1 be it enabled by the- authority afore- ; faid. That if the judges of afiize and general gaol delivery A in-any of the counties in this kingdom, (hall recommend fuch perfons, fo attending to profecute, as proper obje&s to, ^

t	have

Digitized by LjOOQle

The third Year of George HI.	Itl

have an allowance for their time and avocation from their b- A. D. bonis, that it lhafl and may be lawful for the grand juries. 1763. of the refpe&ive counties to prefent any fum not exceeding U two (hillings fxr day for fuch perfons, as (hall be fo detained from their labour and bufmefs, and neceflarily attending to profecute.

XIX.	And whereas it often happens in criminal profecu- Profecutors tioas at the Several aflizes, that the profecutor (hall appear at on noo* appear* the firil aflizes, and the criminal make default ; whereupon ante of criminal the recognizance of the firft is at an end, and that of the

offender is eftreated ; and at the next aflizes the offender ap- cJ^|l pears, and upon the non-appearance of the profecutor, is acquitted ; upon certificate of which acquittal his eftreat is reduced to fame inconfiderable fum ; all which matters are generally carried on by a combination between the criminal and the profecutor, to the manifelt prejudice and prevention of juft ice in this kingdom : be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in all fuch cafes, the judge or judges of aflize, upon the appearance of the proftcutor or profecutors at the tirft aflizes, and the non-appearance of the criminal, (hall bind the (aid profecutor or profecutors in a new, or continue him or them on the former, recognizance to appear at the next enluing aflizes ; and that the recognizance of fuch criminals (hall not be reduced, unlcfs it (hall appear to the commifiioners of reducement, that the perfon or perfons bound over to profecute, has or have been examined on the tried.

XX.	Be it farther enaded by the authority aforefaid. No clerk of That from henceforth no perfon, who is a clerk of the crown, theovwn ro up-feall appear in any fuit at the profecution of the crown as

council, attorney, or agent for the defendant.	&c,	*	*

CHAP. XXIX.

An A3 for the more effectual preventing the pernicious Practice of burning Land.

WHEREAS by an ad pafled in the feventeenth year Furthcren-of the reign of his late Majefty King George die * G fecond, to prevent the pernicious pnidice of burning land, ,7 ^ a aod far the mpre cfledual deftroying of vermin, which ad, as to fuch part thereof as relates to the burning of land, was by an ad made in the twenty (irft year of the reign of his ^ ^ kite Majefty continued until the twenty uittth of September, p ^	*	*'

4 saethoufand feven hundred and (ixty, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of PatJiament, and, as to j(J kfchpart thereof as relates to the burning of land, was by f t y *'	'*

m ad pafled the laft feffion of Parliament, intituled, Am

ad ■ *

Digitized by

Google

Offence*

inflicts, at her do.

The third Year ^George III. sB fir rtvivmgy continuing, and amending fevcral temporary Jhtintes with feveral amendments made perpetual: and where, as by the laid laft recited ad the original leffors, where the foil or furface has been burned or permitted to be burned by the occupiers of the land, and not by the original leffees, have found great difficulties in fuing for and reco**ring the penalty given by the faid ad: and whereas the remedy provided* by the faid ad has been found not only difficult tQ the leiTors, but alfo difadvantageous and very expenfivc to the leffees or occupiers fo burning: for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affemblea, and by. the authority of the fame, That from and after the iir(l day of agsinft faid adh Auguft, which will be in the year, one thoufand feven hun-determmedby 2 dred and fi*ty four, that in all cafes whatfoever, whether the foil or furface of any land fhall be burned or permitted to be burned by the original leflee or leffees, or by the occupier or occupiers of fuch land, and where the original leffor of fuch land fhall not have confented to fuch burning, in manner as in the faid ad is mentioned, that then and in fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for two or more of his Majetty’s juflices of the peace within their refpedive jurifdidions to hear and detetmine in a fummary way all offences committed againft the true intent and meaning of the laid ati s, and for that purpofe upon information upon oath given before them by the original leffor, his or her heirs or afligns, or one or more credible witnefs or ifritneffes on his or their behalf, of the offence of fuch pernicious, burning of land, to fuminoR before any two or more of them within their faid jurifdidi-ons any party .or parties fo accufed at aforefaid of being ap offender or offenders againft the true intent and meaning of the faid ads ; and in cafe the party or parties accufed fhall not appear on fuch fummons, or offer fome reasonable excufe for his, her, or their default, then upon the information upon oath as aforefaid it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid two or more juflices as aforefaid to iffue their warrant or warrants under their hands and feals for the apprehending the party or parties fo accufed as aforefaid within their refpedive jurifdidions; and upon their appearing, or in* cafe he, fhe, or they fhall not appear, and cannot be apprehend* cd on a warrant granted againft him, her, or them, as herein before is direded, then upon notice in writing being given to or left for him, her, or them at his, her, or their ufual placa of abode, and fuch notice being proved upon oath, then and in any fuch cafe any two fuch or more juflices of the peace within their refpedive jurifdidions fhall and may, and are hereby authorized aqd required to, proceed to make inquiry

touching

Digitized^ysCjOO^lC

The third Ytar of George Ilf. touching the aforefaid matters complained of, and to examine fcny witnefs or witncffes, who (hall be offered on either fide, on oath as aforefaid; and which oath and oaths as aforefaid, fuchjuftices of the peace are hereby authorized and required toadminifter ; and after hearing of the parties who (hall appear, and the witneffes who (hall be offered on cither fide, fuch juftice^of the peace as aforefaid (haH convift or acquit the party or parties accufed of the penalty or penalties in the faid recited, afts or any of them mentioned, together with the coft of furveying the land fo burned ; and if the penalty or penalties inflicted by the aforefaid aft or afts, and to be recovered in the fummary way herein direfted, (hall not be paid within the fpace of twenty four hours after any fuch conviftion, then die faid juft ices of the peace fo con-riding the (aid party or parties (hall thereupon iffue a warrant or warrants under their hands and feals, direfted to any peace-officer or officers within their refpeftive jurifdiftions, im powering him or them to make diftrefs of the goods or chattels of the offender or offenders ; and if any offender (haH convey away his goods out of the jurifdiftion of fuch jaftices, before whom he was convifted, or fo much thereof that the penalty cannot be levied, then any chief magiftrate or juftice of the peace, within whofc jurifdiftion the offender (hall have removed his goods, (hall back the warrant granted by the faid juftiecs of peace, before whom the conviftion was fo bad as aforefaid : and thereupon the penalty or penalties forfeited together with the coft of furveying as afore-laid (hall be levied on the faid offenders goods and chatties by (jiftrefs and fale thereof; and if within five days from the diftrefs being taken under the faid warrant of the faid juftit c* of peace the money forfeited (hall not be paid, the goods feized (hall be appraifed and fold, rendering the overplus, if any, dedufting the penalty or forfeiture and the cofts and charges of the diftrefs and (ale, to the owner; which charges (hall be afeertained by the (aid juftices of the peace, before whom any fuch offender (hall have been fo convifted, or by the laid chief magiftrate or other juftice who hacked die warrant ; and for want of fuch diftrefs then it (hall be lawful to and for the faid juftices, before whom the laid conviction (hall be had, and to and for every other magiftrate or juftice within whole refpeftive jurifdiftion any fuch offender (hall rcKfie or be, on the application of any profecutor or profeciltbrs, and proof made of the cooviftion and non-payment .0f the faid penalty, coft, and charges; by warrant under his or their hand and feal to commit every fuch offender or offenders to the common gaol within the citv, county, or place, where the faid offender (hall be found, tLere to remain for theipace of three months, unlefs from the time of

fuch

Digitized by

Google

The third Tear ef George III.

fuch commitment payment fhall be made of the faid penalty and forfeiture before the expiration thereof.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefeid.

That the faid juftices of the peace, before whom any Jtich perfon or perfons (hall be convi&ed in manner prefcribed by this a{hall caufe fuch rtfpe&ive commiffion to be drawn in the form and to the	following	;	that	is	to	fay, to

wit,

Forta of con-	Be it remembred,	that on this	day	of

vi&ion.	in the	year of the reign	A.	B. ix con-

vided before	his	Majejlfs	juftices	of the peace

for the faid county of	or for

as the cafe Jhall happen, for the pernicious burning of land, to •wit) the quantity of	and	we do therefore adjudge him,

her, or them to pay and forfeit for the fame the fum of

together with the cojl of	for	furveyirtg	the

fame. Given under our hands and feeds the day and year afore- -faid. ♦

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby further Cna&ed* Appeal to fef- That if any perfon or perfons, convi&ed of any fuch offence

nifence with? P^^able as aforefaid, Jhall think him, her, or themfelvcs lureties in dou- aggrieved by the judgment of fuch juftices of the peace, blc the fum. before whom he, /he, or they fhall have been eonvieled, fuch perfon or perfons fhall Have liberty from time to time to appeal to the juftices at the general quarter feffions of the peace, imlds the faid convi&ion fhall be within ten days of the faid general or quarter feffions, and then at the next fdfi-ons, or the next following to that, at the option of the party con vidled, which fhall beheld for the faid county, city, or place, where fuch judgment fhall have been given\; and that then the execution of the faid judgment fhall in fuch cafe be fufpended; the perfon or perfons fo convi&ed entering into a recognizance at the time of fuch conviction with two fufficient fureties in double the fum, which fuch perfon or perfons fhall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon con-yi&ion to profecute fuch appeal with effeft, and to.be forth i	coming	to abide the judgment and determination of the jnf-

tices at their faid general of quarter feffions $ which recognizances the faid juft ices, before whom fuch convi&ion fhall be had, are hereby imppwered and required to take ; and the faid juftices at the faid general or quarter feffions are hereby authorized and required to hear and fpeqially determine the matter of every fuch appeal, and to award fuch cofts, as to them fhall appear Juft and reafonable, to be paid by either party ; and if upon hearing the faid appeal the judgment of the juftices^ betore whom the appellant or appellants fhalj

have

i*4

A. D.

1763. Chap. 29.

Digitized

!dby(jOO^k

Tbt third Yt*r rf George III.	1x5

have been convi&ed, (hill be affirmed, fuch appellant or appd-	A. D.

brats (hall immediately pay down the fum, he, (he, or they (hall	1763.

have been adjudged to forfeit, together with fuch cofttas the Chap. 19* jdb'ces at their faid general or quarter fefitons (hall award to be V-paid to the ^rofecHtor for defraying the ex pence* fuftained by reafon of any fuch appeal ; and in default of the appellants paying the fame, any two fuch jufUces or any one magistrate or juftice of the peace having jurifdi&ion in the place, into which any fuch appellant (hall escape, or where he, (he, or they (hall refide, (hall and may by warrant under their hand and feal or his hand and leal commit every fuch appellant or appellants to the common gaol of the county, city, or place, where he, (he, or they (hall be anpichcndcd, until he, (he, or they (hall make payment of fuch penalty, and of the cofts and charges which (hall be fo adjudged to the faid profccutur: but if the appellant or appellants in any fuch appeal {hall make good his, her, or their appeal, aud be discharged of the (aid convi&ioir, reafooablc cods (hall be awarded to the appellant or appellants againft fuch profcco-tor or profecutors, who would in cafe of fuch con via ion have been intitled to the penalty to have been recovered as tfore-tnd; which coft (hall and may be recovered by the appellant or appellants againft fuch profecutor or profecutors, in like manner as is herein before directed to be recovered againft fuch appellant ; and in cafe the (aid original Icflbr, his or her heirs, (hall omit or negle& to proceed for the laid penalty aforefrid within fix calendar months after any fuch pernicious burning, that then it (ball and may be lawful to and for the original leflec, his or her heirs, executors, admin if-tiators, or afiigns, within fix mootbs next after the expiration of the time hereby given to the original lcflbr, to proceed in the time manner and form for and recover any fuch penalty and coft, as is herein before directed in the cafe of the original leflor; and in cafe the (aid original leffee (hall omit oraegket to proceed for the firid penalty and coft as afortrfrud, that then and in focji cafe it (hall a.id mzr be lawful to and for the next immediate leffor orhdfbrp, aqd fo fucccifively, to [ proceed for and recover the foid penalty and coft from the occupier or occupiers of the l^nd fo burned by him, her, or \ them, within three months next after the time hereby granted to the original lclfce. •

|	pH	A?•

1

126 A. D,

3 G. a. 18.

*j G. a. 16.

5 G. a. 18.

9 G. 2. 24.

5 G. 3. c. 28 f. 20 tfi Kil-1tullen, and a nrw ad triad*.

Truftces in faid former 4,^ % fnve a* Ac andthofe after named, or any 7, in their divjnons

The third Ttar of George III.

CHAP. XXXII.

An AS for altering, amending, and making more ejfcBua.1 the Laws for the Repair of the Road leading from ih1 City of Dublin through the f owns of Kilcullen and Carlow to the CJity of Kilkenny %

WHEREAS an aft paffed in the third year of the reign of his late Majtfly king George the fecond, intituled, An ad for repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to Kilcullen bridge in the county of Kildare: and another ad paffed in thefeventh year of his faid Majefty’s reign, intituled, An ad for making more ejfedual the faid ad, paffed in the third year of his faid Majcjly's reign, and for repairing the road leading from Kilcullen bridge to the town of Kilcullen in the faid county of Kildare ; and alio one other aft paffed m the faid fifth year of his late Majefty’s reign, intituled, jin ad for repairing the road leading from the town of Kilcullen in the county of Kildare to the city of Kilkenny : and a further aft paffed in the ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majefly, intituled, An ad to explain, amende and make more effedual the faid ad paffed in the ffth year of his faid Majefly*s reign : and whereas it is found by experience, that tne tolls and duties heretofore granted and made payable by the faid feve-ral afts of parliament paffed for repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin through the towns of Kilcullen and Carlow to the city of Kilkenny, have not been fufficient to pay the intereft of the debts contrafted for making the faid roads, and alfo to keep the fame in fufficient order and rtpair; and that notwithftanding the fame the faid road is now in a ruinous condition, and the faid afts have not effectually anfwered the purpofes intended thereby ; and it is found expedient to make the feveral provifioos herein after mentioned for the more effectually* amending and repairing faid road, and keeping the fame in good order and repair, .and for the fecuring the debts now due, or which {hall hereafter become due, to the honed and fair creditors of the faid road : be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majef-ty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament affem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firff day of May in the year pf our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, the feveral truftees, named and appointed in and under the faid former afts, except as herein after mentioned, and the tru frees herein after named and appointed, or any feven or more of them, in their and each of their refpeftive divisions, or fuch perfon or perrons as (hail

be

Digitized by v^ooQle

The third Tear ef George III.	1*7

be by them, or any feven or more of them, refpc&ivdy an-	A. D.

thorized or appointed, (kali and may from the time afore-	1763.

{aid for and during the continuance of the laid former a£b Chap. 31* and this prefent aft demand, take, and receive refpe&ivdy in V— ~**r*m^ Keu of the tolls and duties to be colle&ed by virtue of the hud former a&s the refpe&ive tolls and duties following;	*

and the faid feveral and refpe6Uve perfons are hereby refpcc-rively impowered to levy the (aid tolls, hy this a& charged and appointed to be collected and received; (that is to fay) the faid truftees, named and appointed by and under the faid former a£ls for making and repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Kilcullcn, or any feven or	Dablin

more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be by them to Kikutlcn, or any feven or more of them authorized or appointed, (hall follow^? receive the tolls and duties following, before any horfe, mare, “ gelding, afs, or mule, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, cala(h, chaife, chair, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage,

(hall be permitted to pafs through the fame, f vt% ) for every coach; berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife or chair, drawn by fix bodes, geldings, mares, or mules, two (hillings; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calaih, chaife, or chair, drawn hy four horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, one (hilling and fix ppnee; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, cala(h, cb-ife, or chair, drawn by two horfes, gddings, mares, mules, or ades, nine pence; for every waggon, wain, cart,

Or carriage with four wheels, five (hillings; for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with two wheels, drawn by two or more horfes, geldings, marcs, mules, alTes, or beads of draft, three (hillings; for every waggon, wain, cart, or jcarriage with two wheels, drawn by two horfes, geldings, mares, mules, afTes, or beads of draft, fix pence; for ever/

Carriage commonly .called a chair or chaife, drawn by one horfe, gelding, mare, or mule, four pence 5 for every cart, car, or other carriage, haring but one horfe, mare, gelding, mule, afs, or bead of draft, three half pence; for every horfe, mare, gelding, mule, afs, or fnraft of burthen, drawing, laden cr unladen, three half pence; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, two (hillings and fix pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for 4:17 greater or leffer number : for every droye of calves, hogs, (beep, goats, or lambs, one (hilling and three pence, audio in proportion for any greater or lefler number; and for every carriage, therein fhall be carried or borne any miD-ftone, two (hillings and fix pence ; and that the faid truftees, herein after m this prefent a<fi named and appointed for making and repairing the road, leading from the town of Kilcullen to the town of Carlow, or any fevea or more of them, or filch perfon or perfons as (hall be by any feven or more of them authorized or appointed, (hall receive tl)e tollp or duties fol-

Ipwing,

Digitized by fojOOQle

7 he third Tear ef George III. lowing, before any horfs, mare, afs, mule, cattle, coaeh, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, chair, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage (hall be permitted to pafs through the fame, (viz*) for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, drawn by fix horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, two (hillings ; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, drawn by four geldings, mares, or mules, one (hilling and fix pence ; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafli, chaife, or chair, drawn by two horfes, mares, geldings, affes, or mules, one (hilling ; for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with four wheels, live (hillings 5 for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, with two wheels,

,drawn by three or more horfes, geldings, mares, mules, afles, or beafts of draft, three (hillings ; for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage of two wheels, drawn by two horfes, gekj* ings, mares, mules, afles, or beads of draft, (ix pence ; for every'carriage, commonly called a chair or chaife, drawn by one horfe, gelding, mare, or mule, fix pence ; for evdap cart, car, or other carriage, having but one horfe, wawf gelding, mule, afs, or bead of draft, two pence, except cars and other carriages laden with turf only, and drawn by one horfe, gelding, mare, mule, afs, or bead of draft, whip* are hereby excepted from any of the faid tolls; for every" horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, with any perfoiy riding thereon, two pence ; for every horfe, marc, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing or having any pepr fon riding thereon, three halfpence ; for every drove of oxen, cows, or peat cattle, two (hillings and fix pence, and fo iq proportion for any greater or leder number ; for every droye of calves, hogs, (beep, goats, or lambs, one (hilling and three pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler number; and for every carriage, whereon (hall be carried on or borne any mill-(lone, two (hillings and fi^ pence; and that the faid truftees, named and appointed unj der the faid former a£ls for making and repairing the road, leading from the town, of Carlow to the city of Kilkenny^ or any feven or more of them, or fuch perfon pf perfons as (hall be by them, or any feven or more of them, authorized and appointed, (hall receive the fame toUs and duties, herein before particularly appointed and direCled to be paid to the truftees, named and appointed in this prefent a6t as afore-faid, for making and repairing the road leading from the town of Kilcullen to the town of Carlow, or any feven of more of them> or fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be by them, or any feven or more of them, authorized or appointed, be-, fore any horfe, mare, gelding, afs, mule, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calafli, chaife, chair, waggon, wain, cart,, car, or other carriage, (hall be permitted to pafs through, the fame : which faid refpe&ive fum and fums of money (hall

be

The third Tear George III.	129

1 be demanded and taken refpe&ively in the name of or as a A- D.

*	Wpe&ive toll or tolls; and the money to be thereby railed 1763. fed cofle&ed is and (hall be refpe&ivcly veiled in the faid Chap. 32. ftfpe&ive truftees according to their and each cf their refpec- \-**~Y~*+*J

i 1$ie divtfions 5 and the fame and every part thereof (hall be ; ftolied jmd difpofed of to and for the feveral ufes, intents, asd purpofes, and in fuch manner, as by the faid former ■ l& and this prefent afl are particularly mentioned and f declared with refped to each particular and refpedtivf divi-:■ Swu

*	II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Continuance - That the tolls or duties hereby granted fhall trike plaqe from 41 year* from.

tftd alter the firfl day of May next, and have continuance 1 next.

*	thenceforth for and during the term of forty one years, and ‘ Koch thence to the end of the then next fcfllon of Parliament, i Ipr the intents and purpofes in this prefent and faid former

mentioned.	’

* * III. And whereas the truflees of (aid road leading from L JEfcuflen o Carlow, not being able to raife money ort the : .V^t of the faid road, were obliged to contract with John ^ IRBon efquire, deceafed, for the making of the faid road leal very unreafonable and extravagant prices by the perch, phi' condition the faid John Dillon would take debenture* for the fame on the faid road ; and accordingly the faid John Dillon made moll or a coniiderable part of the fame, and lad debentures ilruck to him, or to pcrfon3 for his ufe or ( benefit, to a Very large amount; and the faid Dillon, or dude deriving under him, have afligned or other wife transferred the (aid debentures to feveral peifons for fum9 of money, confiderably lefs than the fums contained in the faid debentures, which they accepted of, knowing that the faid Dillon, and thofe deriving under him, obtained the faid debentures in manner aforefaid, and notwithHanding th<* fame the (aid feveral perfons now claim to be creditors on the faid road for the whole fums contained in the faid debentures, and have received confiderable fums of money as the iiiterell of the faid debentures at the high rate of fix poundi by the hundred by the year: and whereas the (aid road is become I ruinous, and the tolls of the fame are by no means fufficient ; to keep the faid road in repair, and pay the interefl of fo large a debt, and the following perfons, who arc honcil and lair creditors on the faid road for a confiderable fum of money, to wit, the reprefentatives cf Samuel Faiibrothcr for ' the fum of one thousand two hundred and feventecn pounds fcurteen (hillings and ten pence, William Browne efquire, for a fum of one hundred aad twenty five pounds, Maurice Keating efquire for a fum of one hundred pounds, the reprefentatives of Thomas Afhe efquire for a fum of fifty pounds, Alexander Sparrow for a fum of feventy five pounds,

Vol. V.	I	John

Digitized by CjOOQle

Tru frees named from Kilcullen to Citrlow, for this acfr *nd 5 G. 2. f8. and 9 G. 2. 24.

The third Tear of George TIL John Cheny for a film of twenty five pounds, William Ryrres efquire, for a fum of twenty five pounds, and Thomas Wel(h for a fum of twenty- five pounds, or thofe deriving under them, have a great arrear of intereft due to them on their faid debts, and have not been paid but a very fmall matter on account of the faid intereft for feveral years paft : be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the perfoos herein after named, and none other, (hall be the truftecs for putting this prefent ad and the faid former ads, palled in the fifth and ninth year® of his late Majefty’s reign, into execution with tefped to that part • or divifion of the faid road, leading from the faid town pf Kilcullen to the laid town of Carlow (that is to fay) the marquifs of Kildare, of Drogheda, earl of Milltown, lord Baltinglafs, the right honourable John Ponfonby fpeaker of the honourable houfir of commons, the honourable Benjamin Burton, fir Fitzgerald Aylmer baronet, fir Kildare Dixon Burrows baroaet, fir Richard Butler baronet, Richard Fitzgerald efqu&G, Arthur Pomeroy enquire, Thomas Butler efquire, William Burton efquire, Maurice Keating efquire, Beauchamp Bag-nail efquire, John St. Leger efquire, Thomas Eyre efquire, Edward Stratford efquire, John Bourke efquire, Redmond Morres efquire, Richard Leving efquire, Arthur Jones Nevill efquire, Maurice Keating the younger efquire, John ^Burrows efquire, Henry Bunbury efquire, Benjamin Bunbury efquire, George Graydon efquire, Robert Fifti, efquire, Robert Brown of Carlow efquire, Samuel Yates efquire, the reverend Robert Dixon Burrows, Thomas Banbury efquire, the reverend Cadogan Keating, the reverend John Batty, James Dexter efquire, Richard Nelfon efquire, Thomas Vincent efquire, Henry Boyle Carter efquire, Thomas Ryvea efquire, James M‘Roberts efquire, Walter Bagot efquire, John Rochfort the younger efquire, John Bailie efquire, William Brown the younger efquire, Thomas Bunbury of Kill efquire, Abell Wall efquwe, William Viccars efquire, John Hamilton efquire, William Stewart efquire, Edward Wall efquire, 'James Hamilton efquire, William Brereton efquire, Thomas Duckett gentleman, John Higginbotham, gentleman, John Humphry gentleman, Benjamin Haynes the younger gentleman, James Welding gentleman, Jonas Duckett gentleman, Richard Shackleton gentleman, Jofeph Taylor gentleman, Benjamin Haughton gentleman, Ephraim Boak gentleman, and William Duckett and William Walters gentlemen, and all his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the ieveral counties through which the faid road runs; and the faid truftees herein before named (hall be and are hereby feve-rally and refpedively invefted with all the powers and authorities, m the faid former ads and this prefent ad given and cuaded with refped to that part or divifion of the faid road 1	from

Digitized by

Google

The third Tear ef George III.

Sbm the town of KilcnUen to Carlow, to all intents and purpofcs in the (aid afts mentioned, as if the famd powers tod authorities, grafted and given by the faid ads, were , herein again repeated and enaded in thi body of this prefent _ f8, any thing in the faid former ads contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid road leading from KDcullen to Carlow, and the tolls arifing thereout, be and arc hereby abfolutdy fixed *snd for ever drfeharged of and from all mortgages, debentures, or fecurities heretofore ft rock or given by the faid truftees of the faid road, and of and from all interim due or claimed to be due on the fame, except debentures and fecurities given or ft ruck to and for the faid Samuel Fairbrother for the faid fum of one thoufand two hundred and feventeen pounds fourteen (hillings and ten pence, Maurice Keating forth,: faid fum of one hundred pounds, William Brown for the faid fum of one hundred and twenty fire pounds, Thomas A (he, for the faid fum of fifty pounds, Alexander Sparrow for the faid fum of feventy five pounds, John Cheney for the faid fum of twenty five pounds, William Ryves for the faid fum of twenty five pounds, and Thomas Welfh for the faid fum of twenty five pounds.

V* Provided always, That the faid lall mentioned truf-tces in this prefent aft named, or any eleven or more of them, (hall have full power and authority, and are hereby required, to look into and examine the accounts of all and every perfon or perfons, who now have a claim to be intitlcd to any facli debenture or debentures, or other fecurities except as aforefaid, and to ft like new debentures or give new fecurities ip favour of filch perfon or perfons for all filch fum or fums of money, as (hall appear to the faid laft mentioned truftees, or any eleven or more of them, to have been really advanced or laid out in the repair of the faid road, or for pafling the faidaftg; or, in cafe the faid debentures or fecuriti 8, or any of them, fhall appear to have been afligned to pay any perfon or perfons for valuable confederation, alfo to ftrike new debentures or give new fecurities in favour of fuch affig-nees for fuch fum or fums of money, a3 (ball appear to be really and bona juic advanced upon fuch alignment or alignments with intereft at the rate of five pounds for the hundred by the year for fuch fum and fums from the refpeftive times the fame were fp advanced, or laid out, or afligned as afotx-fpd, the faid perfon or perfons giving credit for fuch fum9 Mthey have received on account of the fame.

VI. Provided always, That fuch intereft fhall dot become any part of the principal fum or fums in the faid debenture or debentures, hereby impowered to be ftruck, fo as to bear or carry any interett for the faid intereft; and in cafe any I 2	perfon

The tolls thereout dif-charged from all debentures or fecurities, five to particular creditors named.

rr truftees may examine

claims, and ftrike new debentures for fums really advanced, at 5 cm/.

No intereft upon inter eft.

Digitized by

Google

rolls applied to inte-reft for creditors and to repair of the road».

S

fntefefl: not above $per

*€ht<

A

fbt third, Tear of George Tlf. perfon or perfons (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggriey-' ed by any account, ad, or determination, made or fettled by the faid truftees in the premises, it (hall and may be ful to and for any perfon or perfons, interefted in the pr&-

. mifies, to apply in a fummary way by petition to any court of equity in this kingdom ; which court (hall ftate and fettle fuch accounts, and bear and determine the matters complain-' ed of; and that all accounts ftated, and determination tq ^ser made in the premifies, (hall be final and conducive to parties: provided’fuch appeal be brought within fix moo^ after ftichdetermination of the faid truftees.	.

VIL And be it further enabled by the authority aforc-faid. That the tolls and duties, hereby made payable aPjjf direded to be raifed and levied on the faid refpedive dm^ fions or parts of the faid road leading from Dublin to Kilkenny as aforefaid, (hall be applied and paid to the difeharaper of the intereft of the faid debts fo due to the creditors of tlje faid refpedive divifions or parts pf the faid road, except the debts due as aforefaid to the faid John Dillon, and the inte* reft of fuch further and other fum or fams as fhall be hene-after borrowed for the ufe of the faid feveral and refpecUye divifions or parts of the faid road, and after payment of the faid intereft towards repairing and amending the faid feveral and refpedive divifions or parts of the faid road \ and that all the furplus of the faid tolls and duties hereby made payable as aforefaid, over and above what fnould be fufBcient~to difeharge the faid interell, and to amend and repair the faid road, mail be applied towards the difeharge of the principal of the faid debts, except the debt due as aforefaid to the faid John Dillon, and of fuch further and other fums as (hall hereafter be borrowed as aforefaid, in manner as in the faid feveral ads of Parliament and this prefent ad are direded and appointed.

v VIII. And be rt further enaded by the authority afbnf-faid. That from an I after the firft day of May, one thoufamj feven hundred and (ixty four, no debentures, mortgages, or fecurities whatlbever, made a charge or ftruck, or which (hall hereafter be made a charge or (truck, upon all or any part of the tolls and duties of all or any part of the faid road leading from the city of Dublin through the towns of Kil-cullen and Carlow to the city of Kilkenny, (hall bear or pay a higher intereft than at the rate of five pounds by the hunr dred by the year.

IX. And whereas the tnrflees of the faid feveral divifions or part of the faid road, leading from the city of Dublin through the towns of Kilcullen and Carlow to the city of Kilkenny have contraded with feveral perfons for the amending and keeping in repair the whole or a confiderabie part of the faid road at very high prices, and the faid contractors

Digitized by

Google

The third Tear of George Iff.	t$}

have not amended and kept in repair the faid roads, as they A. T). ought to have done,.by means whereof it is now become 1763. necefiary to give the faid road or the greateff part thereof a Chap 31. thorough repair; and it is found expedient to refeind all the fekl contra&s and leafes of the ’ tolls of every part of the faid road : be it therefore ena&ed by the authority afort- Lcafc of faid, That all leafes or demifes of all or any part of the f°lh wul ob-tolls or duties, or contrails whatfoever for the amending or keeping in repair all or any part of the faid road, leading Soldm^lc from the city of Dublin through the towns of Kilcullen and 9 farlow to the city of Kilkenny, from and after the faid tirti day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, be, and the fame is, hereby declared null and void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever y and that all coutra&s for contracts keeping any part of the faid road from Dublin to Kilkenny for repair in repair for any term exceeding one year (hall be here- abovc 1 Yrir after made upon fuch public notice, polling, and cant, as is particularly directed by the adl of Parliament herein after j,nd cant»% by mentioned of the twenty third of his late MajeftyV. reign, 13 G. 2. 16.	\,

with refpecl to the making any leafe or demife of the toll* fe*m 4* pr duties of any turnpike road in this kingdom,

X. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it Gjte« re-ftall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any feven or fpeaircly ercA# cjore of them* in their faid feveral and refpeftive divifions *4 by 7 ttuftfft, * or parts of the faid road leading from Dublin to Kilkenny as aforefaid, to eretl toll-gates on any p?.rt of the faid road, where in their dilcretion they fhajl think moil proper and convenient ; and the faid truflees or any feven or more of them, are hereby required to meet in their faid refpe&iv* divifions on the firfbMonday in the months of April, May, and June in every year in order to grant money for the repairing and amending of the faid road in the faid refpe&ive divifions, and fpr the doing any other nccdTary bufinefs relative to the faid road ; aiid that no money (hall be granted at any board for the amending and repairing any part of the fad road, unlcfs it (hall appear upon the affidavit of two credible perfons, that it is ijeceflfary to make or repair fo many perches of the faid road at the rate of fo much by the perch, and that a fmaller fum will not be fufficient to amend or repair the fame; and no money (hall be paid by any treafurer to ^ny overfrer, uniefs the laid orerfecr maketh oath before fame juftice of the peace, or before the board to confift of feven of the faid truftees at leaft, that the faid fum hath been faithfully and honeftly exjiended in mending or repairing fo many perches pf the faid road, and for his wages, being lb muck a day, and that he did attend the faid work diligently and carefully, and (hall produce to the faid truftees or to the board an exa6l account of the number of men, fcorfejs, and cars, employed each day at the faid work, and

Digitized by CjOOQle



D.

*3 G. f. t6. and the faid 4 former a&s (fate as altered) tontinued during this a&.



A public!

*eu

The third Tear of George III.

(hall fwear to the truth of the faid account 5 and then, and not before, the board (hall give an order to fuch overfeer or the treafurer for the payment of the amount of the faid account.

XI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That an ad made in the twenty third year of the reign of his late Majeily King George the fecond, intituled, An aSfor the more ejfcftual amending and keeping in repair the federal tumf&a roads in this kingdom, and for the better fecuring the crce&&rs of the faid road, and the faid four former recited ado, and au and every the powers and authorities, articles, rules, penalties, and cliufes, except what are hereby altered, (hall be of full force and effed, and (hall continue, and bd executed, and be obferved by the faid feveral truftees and their Xuc-ceflbrs in their faid feveraL and refpedive diviiions for and during the continuance of this prefent ad.

XII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, .That this prefent ad (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public.1: ad, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juft ices, and all other perfons whatfoever with* out fpecially pleading the lame.

CHAP, xxxm.

An AS to prevent Frauds in the tanning of Hides, in the currying of Leather, and the making of Shoes and Boots.

Amended ' X XT HE RE AS feveral frauds have been committed in 31G. 3. c. *7* VV the tanning and drying "of hides for exportation, which is' a great injury in trade: for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the King’s moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, every tanner, or other perfon employed in the tanning of hides, (hall flefh the hide of every cow, ox, and bull, intended to be tanned by him, in a clean merchantable manner, and (hall alfo cut out the ears by the roots, and (hall cut off 4	the britch-piece, the nofe and lips, and the dew claws, be-

fore he (hall put fuch hide into the tann-pit 5 and every perfon offending in any of the above particulars fhall forfeit for every hide, which (hall not be fo trimmed, the fum of two (hillings and fix pence, to be recovered as herein after is mentioned.

No tanned II. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That hide expofed from and after the time aforefaid no tanner or other perfon the^anner’s^	exP°^e to (ale any tanned hide, unlefs the firft letter s£

the chriftiau name and fir name at length, and the town in

or

Digitized by

>ogle

The third Tear of George III.	13f

, £ ®ear which he lira, in large and legible ehara&en, of A. D.

'« tanner of fuch hide (hall be (lamped on the collet of	17^3.

f-fch hide; and, if the fame be the hide of a bull, unlcfi Chap. 33.

■ tie word (bull) be (lamped On the collet of the fame; and v—‘— t fftry perfon, offending in any of the (aid lad mentioned name and shode,

I. particulars, (hall for every tanned hide, fo expofed to fale^^J**®00 v ^Rthoot being damped as aforefaid, forfeit the fum of two , |K8zogB and fix pence, to be recovered in the manner herein L dtqr mentioned.

III. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Sold for nu tom and after the time aforefaid it (hall not be lawful for port only at 5 lay perfon or perfons to buy or fell any tanned hide or hideslomc S Sir exportation within- the city of Dublin, or the liberties m [1 hereunto adjoining, unlcfs at (bme publick crane which is ^ iOw ufed or (hall hereafter be appointed for weighing of lea* and that every perfon, who (hall fell any tanned hide f *r hides for exportation at any other place within the (aid * city, pr the liberties thereunto adjoining, (hall forfeit for if ttery hide fo fold the fum of two (hillings and fix pence to f be recovered as herein after mentioned.

j- IV. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Well tin*

| from and after the time aforefaid no tanner or other perfon ne^ dried.

\ (hall expofe to fale any tanned hide, which (hall not be well ad fumciently tanned and dried; and in cafe any difference flail arife between the buyer and feller concerning the tan*

I page or drypefs of any fuch hide, the fame (hall be deter*

\* mined by two (kilful perfons, one to be chofen by each par* toes; and in cafe they fhaO not agree, that then the perfon or perfons, who (hall think him or themfdvea aggrieved,

Stall apply to the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, or to fte chief magiftrate of every other place where fuch differ* face (hall happen, which faid lord mayor or chief magiftrate (hall immediately fummen the faid parties as well as the faid frferees before him, and the faid lord mayor or chief magiftrate (hall there name fomc one proteftant tanner (fuch as be (hall think (it) as a referee along with the faid two per-Hons, who (hall be chofen by the faid buyer and feller as aforefaid, and (hall fwear the faid three referees to do equal jaftige between the faid parties; and the determination of ifbch three referees, or of any two pf them, (hall be final and conclufive to all parties 5 and in pafe the faid perfons, ib chofen as referees by the faid buyer of filler, (hall negle& orrefufe to obey the aforefaid fummons, or that they or the faid referees, who (hall as aforefaid be named by the faid lord mayor or chief magiftrate, (hall neglect or refufe to determine fych difference within twenty four hours, after they (hall be fworn a3 aforefaid, that then each and every of fuch perfons fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of twenty killings fterling, to be levied by warrant uuder the hand

and

Digitized by kjOOQle

\

Tf not marked or iiamp-ed, or entered in craner's book, 28 and 6d eachojl exporter.

Removed

from the crane by buyer in 48 hours (weather permitting) penalty id. per day each hide.

No ryaner £0 buy or fell curried leather, penalty ^os'.

Tbt third Year of George ITI. and feal of the faid lord mayor or fuch chief magjftrate of the goods of fuch offender, and td be by fuch lora mayor or chief magiflrate paid over to the church-wardens of the J>a-rifh, where fuch difference fi.fi arofe, to be diftribut«£d among the poor of the faid parifh ; and the faid lord mayor or chief magiflrate fhall then name two or three perfon?, fuch as he (hall think fit, and fwear them as aforefaid, tq determine the difputes aforefaid; and in cafe any hide or hides fhall be condemned in the manner herein before mentioned as not fufficiently tanned or dryed, every tanner oy other perfon, who fhall have offered fuch hide or hides to fale, fhall for every fuch hide fo offered to fale forfeit the fum of two (hillings and fix pence, to be recovered as hereiij after mentioned ; and in cale any merchant or other perfon fhall by collufion with any tanner or otherwife buy any hide or hides for exportation, which fhall not be merchantable tanned and dryed, that fuch merchant /hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of t wo (hillings and fix pence foreacn unmerchantable hide or hides as aforefaid, to be recovered-as herein after mentioned.

y. And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That every merchant or ether perfon, who fhall attempt to export any hide or hides, not marked or damped as herein before is directed, or who fhall negledt to enter the hides fo bought in the craner’s book in their own names at lengthy fhall for every fuch hide fo attempted to be exported, ot which fhall not be fo entered as aforefaid, forfeit the fum x>% two (hillings and fix pence, to be recovered as hereinafter is mentioned,

VI.	And be it $na&cd by the authority aforefaid. That every merchant, who fhall buy hides at the faid publick crane, fhall remove the fame from fuch crane in forty eigbi hours, after the fame fhall be fold to Jiim, if the weather will permit the fame, under the penalty of paying a penny for each hkfe by the day for everyday, he fhall fufRr then* to remain in the faid crane after the expiration of forty eight hours as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no craner or other perfon employed by him, fhall buy or fell any tanned or curried. leather, which fhall be brought for fale to the faid crane, under the'penalty of forty fhillings for every time he or they fhall fo buy or fell; and that inch craner fiiall keep a publick' book in fuch crane, wherein fhall be entered in fair and legible charadters all tanned and curried leather brought to fuch crane, with the names of fuch perfons to whom they belong, and the name or names of the perfons who fhould buy the fame, Under the penalty of five fhillings for every negledl or omifiion in this particular, to be recovered as herein after is mentioned.

i	'	VIII.	And

V .■ i ,	<U

Digitized by v^ooQle

Calves feist

The third Tear §/ George TIT .

J^VTII. And for preventing of frauds in the manufacturing ^curried leather, be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid,

. from and after the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand hiindred ancj fixty four, every currier, or perfon cm-yed in currying calves (kiqs or kips, (hall curry the fame

good oil and dubbin, or tallow mixed with dubbin, tpith^oodS* not with back, greafe, kitchen (luff, or tar 5 and that or ulfow and y perfon, who (hall curry any calve (kin or kip otherwife,'dubbin.

L forfeit for every calve (kin or kip, which (hall not be lb curried, th; fum of fix pence, to be recovered as herein. is mentioned.

' * IX. And be it enaCted bv the authority aforefaid, That Minufic-from and after the time aforefaid all merchants (kins (hall 'Qrcd aud m taken down even in the heads and necks, and the flcih tali be taken dean off the bodies and (hanks of fuch (kins, or harnefr Except only fuch leather as (hall be dreffed for coSchroakers, makers or fearadTmaker?, or (adlers; and that all round*.d (kins (hall fedkrs.

%e cut off at the eyeholes, and the (hanks cut off at the ^Itnees; and every perfon, who (hall not manufacture and trim fuch (kins in the manner herein direfted (except as kerein before excepted) (hall forfeit for every calf (km or kip, which (hall riot be fo manufactured, and for every founded (kin which (hall not be fo trimmed, the fum of fix Wnce, to be recovered as herein after is mentioned.

* X. And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That	lf>^

tom and after the time aforefaid no calves (kins or kip (hall marked with %c expofed to fale in the city of Dublin or the liberties manufacturer* . .thereunto adjoining, unlefs the fame (hall be dried merchant-Jble, and plainly marked with the chriflian and fir-names knd places of abode of the manufacturer thereof; and every Iperfon, who (hall expofe to fale in the city of Dublin or Sbetties thereunto adjoining any cnlye (kin or kips not dried tnd marked as aforetaid, fhall forfeit for every lucli (kin or kip the funrof three pence, to be recovered as herein after 3s mentioned; and in cafe any difference (hall arife between the buyer 2nd feUer concemmg the drying or manufacturing any fuch (kins or kips at (he time of the delivery thereof, filch difference (hall be determined in the fame mauier, as is nerein before directed with refpeCt to tanned hides.

XI. And to prevent frauds in the making of fhoes and Boots or

boots, be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid^ That from to?*'* ftamppl

jmd after the firft day of Auguft next no perfon (hall fell or Wl,li ni*kerJ,l . r r	i>1	1 r i	c	1-	name on iiiude

.cxpole to (ale any moes or b<x>ts, unlels the name of tne 0f	^

maker of fuch boots or (hoes (hall be (lamped upon the in- Up.

Ifide of the top of fuch boots, and the infide of the lap of

feich fhoes, in plain and legible characters; and in cafe any

, ^>erfon (hall fell or expofe to fale ar.y boots or (hoes not

ffamped as aforefaid, fuch perfon (hall for every fuch pair

jpf boots and (hoes fo fold or expofed to fale foifeit the fum

*	of

Digitized by LjOOQle

138	The	third	Tear	of	George III.

A. D. of two pounds fix fhillings, to be recovered as herein after 1763. is mentioned.

—<0 XII. And be it ena&ed by the authority afore faid, That Penalties to the faid feveral penalties (hall be recovered upon convidtion * conviction °° the confeflion of the party, or by the oath of one credible before a juftice witnefs before one juftice of the peace of the place whete where, &e. by the offence fhall be committed, and (hall be levied by way diftrefs on his Qf diftrefs upon the goods of the offender by warrant under warrant. the ^and and feal of the juftice, before whom fuch conviction fhall be, returning the overplus; the faid forfeitures" to go to the informers.

Amended

5 G. 3 9.

IS & 14O. 3. c si.

17, *8 G. 3.

C. 21.

19 G. 2. 6.

23 G. t. 6. 31 G. 2. 17.

35 G. 2. 5.

All faid acts repealed, fave ift fee. of 19 G. 2. 6.

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Mm* nufadures,

WHEREAS the feveral ads of Parliament herein after mentioned have been made in this kingdotm. for the encouragement, regulation, and improvement of the linen and hempen manufadure : (that is to,fay) an a&tnade in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, intituled, An ad for repealing the fevered ads of Parliament made in this kingdom, for the encouragement and improvement of the hempen and faxen manufactures, and for the better regulating, improving, and encouraging the faid manufactures /An ad made in the twenty third year of the reign of his faid late Majefty King George the fecond, intituled, an ad for the further improvement and encouragement of the flaxen and hempen manufadures : An ad made in the thirty firft year of the reign of his faid late Majefty King George the fecond, intituled,* An ad to prevent frauds in lappers and others, and to prevent abufes in the manufadure of kelp, and to prevent combinations of weavers and others : An ad made iu the thirty third year of the reign of his faid late Majefty King George the fecond, intituled, s.n ad for altering and amending the laws in relation to the flaxen and hempen manufactures, and the other manufactures therein mentioned .* And. whereas it is found neceffary for the improvement of the faid manufaduves, that feveral material' alterations fhould be made in the, faid laws, and many additions made to tbem, and to avoid the difficulty and confufion that may arife from a multiplicity of ads of Parliament relative to the faid manufadures, it is found expedient to repeal the faid feveral ads, and to make one new ad containing all fuch parts the faid recited ads, as are proper to be continued, with fuch, alterations, amendments, and additions, as are herein after contained: be it enadedby the King's moft excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords *	fpirituai

Digitized by v^ocwle

IfeWd,

Tit third Ytar tf George Til. fyiritaal and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflcmblcd, and by the authority of the feme, That all the laid ids, and every daufc in them contained (except the daufc in the laid a& of the nineteenth year of the reign of his hid late Majcfty for repealing the feveral ads of Par-lament therein particularly mentioned) (hall be repealed, and made null and void.

IL And be it ena&ed by the authority afbiefeid, That from and after the firft day of Auguft, one thoufend fcvcnJ^4^J hundred and fixty four, no perfon or perfont (hall import, or M hemp-quife to be imported, into any port or place of this king- feed imported dom any bad, mixed, or damnified flax-feed or hemp-feed J*1 P?*n °f upon pain of forfeiting fuch flaxseed or hemp feed, or the	^

value thereof, and alfo the fum of three pounds flcrling for Df .j ^ every hogfhead of fuch fced, and fo in proportion for any hogfkcad. kfler quantity.

III.	Provided, if fuch flax-feed or hemp-feed, fhafl, be- Ualefe be. fore the lame fhaD be removed or carried away from the port, h**J*®?**l where the feme fhafl be landed, appear to be damaged or

unfit for Towing, the perfon or perfous, importing or can- u fta, hog the lame to be imported, fhafl not be liable or fubje& at*f before to the laid forfeiture or penalty, in calc he, fhc, or they cM*°J*n* !* * ihaS, before the feme fhafl be carried away from the port |0 or place, where the feme fhafl have been lauded, produce oil or esporu fufficient proof before fome juftice of the peace or chief ma-gilhate within their refpc&ive jurifdi&ion*, that fuch damage was occafiooed in the conveyance by fea, and give fu/Ecient Security unto fach juflice of the peace or chief magiftrate, that fuch feed (hall not be fown, hut fhafl be made into oil, cr exported from this kingdom.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&trd by the authority

aforefeid, That if any flax-feed or hemp-feed, imported as afoitfaid, (hall be bad, mixed, or damnified, or otherwife improper and upfit for fowing, the importer thereof (hall not be fubjeifl or liable to any penalty or forfeiture inflitlrd as aforefiud, in cafe fuch importer (hall before he (hall fell ordifpofe of fuch feed, or ex pole the fame to fide, give fuch fufficient fecurity as afortfaid, that fuch feed (hall not be (own, but (hall be made into oil, or exported from this kingdom.	,

V.	And that from and after the faid firft day of Auguft, gcedofdif-pne thoufand fe^en hundred and fixty four, no perfon or per- fircnt Co*»-fons fliafl mix, or caufe to be mixed, different parcels of trie* or year* flax-feed, or different parcels of hemp-feed, of the growth ***10 ** mixed, of different countries, or of different years, together; upon

pain of forfeiting all fuch feed as (hall be fo mixed, or the value thereof, and alfo the fum of three pounds for every hogfhead that fhafl be fo mixed, and fo in proportion for any Idler quantity.

VIII.	And

Digitized by floosie

The third Tear of George III.'

Vm. And that no flax or hemp fhall be peeped 6r tered in any river, ft ream, or brook, or running water, but in holes or pits of Handing water, or in trenches or pladeifr made fo near fuch running water, as that they may be Flax or hemp plied with frefh water at proper times without letting any <5kF fieeped in ftand- t|le ^ter impregnated by fuch flax or hemp run into or mbt tdf after [ft o^. with anyriver, ftream, brook, or running water, until aftjajr , or forfeited. the firft of October in any year j unlvfs tjiere (kail" Happen fooner to be a flood fufficierif to carry off fuch impregnated water without corrupting fuch running water ; upon, pain of forfeiting 2U fuch flax arid hemp, or the value there* * of.

Female hemp IX. And that at the time of pulling the female or (he mixed with hemp no male hemp fhnll be pulled therewith * and that no' c> ' female or (he hempfhall be mixed with the male hemp either .

in watering, dreffing, ojr for falej udder the penalty of ten fhillings fterling for every hundred weight of hemp that (hall be fo mixed, and fo in proportion fpr any leffer quantity, to be forfeited by the owner thereof.

Br&wn yarn X. And that all brown, or unbleached, or purged linen for falemade up or hempen yarn,, that fhall be fold or expofed to fale within m herein. this kingdom, fhall be well and fufficiently fpun, an'4 made up into hanks not exceeding one pound and a half weight in each hank ; and fhall be regularly divided into two or more parts ; and that each fuch part in every fuch hank fhall be feparated, as the fame fhall be reeled, and not afterwards ; and that in the reeling of fuch linen or hempen yarn no more than one thread a* a time fhall be retied; and that all the yarn contained in every fuch hank fhall be flaxen yam only, or tow yarn only, or hempen yarn only, of the fame finenefi* throughout fuch hank $ and that no fuch yarn fhall be combed, or damped with water, or fajt and water, or any other ingredient to increafe the weight thereof; and that no fuch varn fhall be dried over or near a fire in order to leffen its naturaf weight $ and that no fuch yarn fhall be made up in the rope-way, but fhall be made up in the link-way or four-fold-way, fo that every part of fuch yarn may be eafily feen and examined j and that all brown, or unbleached, or purged linen or hem-,	pen	yam, which fhall exceed two dozen in the pound weight,

or which fhall exceed the value of ope fhilling and ten penCe the pound, all be made up in hanks or dozens, each hanl^ or dozen to con hit of twelve cuts, and no more ; and that every fuch cut fhall contain one hundred and twenty threads, and no more; and that every fuch hank or dozen fhall be one yard and a quarter in length, and no more ; and that the fta?idard-reel of this kingdom for brown or Cnbleaehed linen . yarn fhall be two yards and a half in circumference, and no more ; and that all linen or hempen yam, that fhall be damp- ' ed or dried £s aforefaid, or that fhall not be- reeled and made

up

Digitized by L»ooQle

Tht third Ttar §f Gcofgc III.	®

top according to the directions aforefaid, (hail be forfeited: and that if any ouncils (hall be made ufc of in any fair or tnarket in order to diftinguifli or afeertain the fort* or denomination, or weight of any linen or hempen yarn, exceeding in valne two (hillings the pound weight* iuch ounciis (hall be forfeited ; and every perfon9 making ufe of the fame Its aforefaid, (hall forfeit the fum of ten (hillings for every time he or (he (hall fo make ufe. of the fame.

XI.	And that no perfon in making twine* ropes* or cordage, (hall mix any old hemp 6r hempen yarn within new hemp* or (hall mix or work up together any flaxen tow and hemp* or (hall fell or expofe to fale any ropes* twine* or cordage, made up of old and new hemp* or of hemp and flaxen tow* Upon pain of forfeiting all iuch ropes* twine and cordage* and alfb the fum of ten (hillings for every parcel of the fame.

XII.	And that all white or unbleached thread* commonly called count thread* made of double flaxen yarn, (hall be reeled on a reel of thirty inches or more in circumference; and (hall be divided into (keins* each (kein containing ten threads, or more ; and that all threads made of double flaxen yam* commonly called ounce thread* (hall be reeled on a reel of thirty five inches or more in circumference ; and (hall be divided into (keins, each (ktiu containing forty threads or more ; and that all bofs* made of double flaxen yarn* lhall be reeled on a reel of forty-two inches or more in circumference* and (hall be divided into (keins* each (keiu containing fifty threads or more.

XIII.	And that all coloured or unbleached threads* commonly called taylor’s threads* (hall be retied on a reel of fixty inches or more in circumference, and (hall be divided into (keins, each (kein containing fixtecn threads or more ; and that every manufacturer of threads of any kind whatever (hall write or otherwise affix on every package, paper* or parcel of thread, by him fold, of the value of five thil-lings or more, bis chriitiau and fir-name, and place of abode, and if refident in the city or county of the city of Publiu* the name of the flrett he (hall then refide in.

XIV.	And that all white diaper or twilled tapes made of Angle flaxen yarn, commonly called diaj>er inkles, (hall contain thirty-three threads or more in breadth, and (hall be tnade up in pieces, each piece containing thirty-fix yards, or more ; and that all white diaper or twilled tapes, commonly called diaper filletting, (hall contain fixty thread or more in breadth, and (ball be made up in pieces, each containing thirty-fix yards or more ; and that all white plain tapes nude of fiugle flaxen yam, commonly called chatts, inkles, or filletting, (hall be made up in pieces, each piece containing thirty-fix yaids, or more ; and that fuch chatts lhall contain

thirteen

Ropet, twine, or cordage old hemp add new not mixed, nor flaxen tow and hemp,

forfeited and lot. per pared.

Manner of

making up count thread.

T aylor’s threads on a reel of 61, in flcctoa of 16 threads. Sec.

Tapes to be

made up as herein dirt&ed.

Digitized by Google

«p as herein.

The third Year •/ George III. tMrteen threads in breadth, inkles (hall contain tweisty-ortc threads in breadth, narrow filletting (hall contain thirtr-three threads in breadth, and broad filletting (hall croh&aab forty-nine threads in breadth, or more ; and that all Jicrty or red tapes (hall be made up in pieces, each piece conta&fr-ing eighteen yards or more ; and that all plain ftriped tapis (hall be made up in pieces, each piece containing twenty-four yards or more ; and that all other coloured linen tapes, SIsalt (biped diaper or twilled tapes, (hall be made up in pieces, each piece containing thirty-fix yards or more ; and that|iif braids, ferretting, and (hoe lace, made of flaxen yarn, or of i flaxen yarn mixed with filk or Worfted, (hall contain it I length eighteen yards or more in each piece; and that all I*&e9 I made of flaxen yarn, commonly called points, and all laces | made of cotton or cotton mixed with flaxen yarn or thread, (hall contain fifteen threads or more in breadth ; and thafcall , white bobbin, made of (ingle flaxen yarn, (hall contain * twenty-four yards in each piece 5 and that all bobbin, made , of double flaxen yarn, (hall contain twelve yards in cadi I piece.	/

Holland tapes, XV. And that all tapes and bobbin, that fhal? be woven &C. to be made ’ in the looms, commonly called Dutch engines, or fwivd

looms, and made in imitation of. the tapes and bobbin im- 1 ported from foreign parts, (hall be made up in pieces of the I refpe&ive lengths herein after mentioned ; that is to fay, every piece of plain or twilled tapes made of (ingle flaxen j yarn, commonly called common Holland tapes, fhall contain nineteen yards and an half or upwards; every piece of placid I or twilled fiKettiogs, made of (ingle flaxen yarn, (hall con- ' tain twenty two yards or upwards ; and that every piece of fine plain tapes and fillettings, made of part double and ] part (ingle flaxen yarn, commonly called fine -French tapes, (hall contain ten yards and an half in length, or upwards ; j and that every piece of fine twilled diaper tapes, made of part (ingle and part double flaxen yam, (hail contain ten yards and one quarter in length, or more 5 and that every I piece qf bobbin, or bandftring twift, made of double or (ingle flaxen yarn, (hall contain fifteen yard3 in length or upwards.

XVI.	And that if any perfon (hall fell, ©r expofe to fale, any threads, tapes, chatts, inkles, fillettings, braids, ferret-tings, (hoe-lace, points, or bobbin whatfoever, that is not conformable to the lengths, breadths, and rules aforefaid, or if the fame (hall be found in the caftody or pofleflion of any weaver, (hop-keeper, petty chapman, or retailer, then, and in fuch cafe, the fame (hall be forfeited to fuch perfoa. or perfons, as (hall (eize the fame, and inform thereof in maimer herein and after mentioned#

XVII.	And

If not made conformable forfeited.

Digitized by L >Qle

^	1*1*	third Tmr if George III.

/ XVII. And that every maker of wearing-reeds (ball ? <4jually divide all the fplrts in each and every reed by him Qigkfe, or fold, or expofed to fale s and (hall Kkewife mark,

WTcaufe to be marked with an iron brand, or (bme proper in-$StBnent, in legible and durable chara&ert, on every fuch Reed* equally iving-reed hid chriftian name, firnamc, and place of re-	^

nee, and alfo the hundreds of fuch reed, upon pam of forfeited, and iting fuch reed, or the value thereof, and alio the fum sot. djf twenty (hillings for every fuch reed not equally divided in ifre folks, or not marked as afbrefeid.

XVIII.	And that no linen weaver or linen manufacturer And iot. by dan make ufe of, or keep, or knowingly fuller to be kept, jfi his ho ufe, or in any out-houfe, or place to him belonging, nay weaving-reed, that (hall not be equally divided into fplits not mar ked, Su. ttd marked as aforefaid, upon pain of forfeiting every fuch feed to be broken, and alfo the fum of ten (hillings fterling for every fuch reed.

XIX* And that every linen weaver or linen manufacturer (hall acrofs each end of every piece of linen doth by his ^ucn on* each journeyman, or apprentice, woven, weave, or caufe to be end of every woven, twocoarfe threads or cords, diftant ftom each other piece;

.about one fourth part of an inch, and (hall alfo write, or caufe to be written, with pen and ink dofe to fuch coarfe J^^by 1*7,*7t threads or cords on each end in legible characters his chriftian o. 3. c. si. f. same, firname, and place of refidence,	13-

XX. And that every weaver (hall well and fufficiently wetver to weave all found and fufficient linen and hempen yarn, to him forfeit the full delivered to be woven, within fuch time, and in fuch reeds, price, if not and into cloth of fuch breadths, as (hall be agreed upon	.

tween the owner or owners of fuch yam and fuch weaver,	on

upon pain of forfeiting to the owner or owners of fuch yam the full value or the full price, agreed upon for weaving fuch

yarn.

XXI. And that noperfon (hall entertain any journeyman Hiring a jour-linen weaver inhabiting in this kingdom in any employment neymtn weaver as a linen weaver, unlefs fuch journeymen linen weaver (hall firft produce to the perfon about to hire him, a certificate	penaSty il^*

writing under the hand of the mailer, he lad ferved in this kingdom, of fuch journeyman's being difeharged from fuch mailer's fervicc, or of a juftice of peace, or chief magiflrate, as hereafter mentioned, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of five pounds : and that if any mader (hall refufe, without juft caufe, to give fuch certificate, upon complaint made thereof by fuch journeyman to a juftice of the peace of the coun-1 ty, or chief magiftrate in any corporate town where fuch I mafter inhabits, fuch juftice of peace or chief magiftrate (hall fend for fuch mafter, and upon his appearance (hall require from him the reafon, why fuch journeyman is refufed his difeharge ; and in cafe fuch mafter (hall wilfully decline

to

Weaver employing apprentice in other work, fave 24 day* in harveft, fubjedfc to penalties prelcnbed.

t Combination by artificers, Ac 6 months imprisonment, and thrice wbipt.

The third Teat of George tit. to tpptetr before fuch juftice of the peace or chief magiftfate', or upon his appearance, fuch juftice of the peace or chief magiftrate (hall find, that the caufe of refufal of fuch* certificate is not fufficient, then, and in either of the faid cafesj fuch juftice of the peace or chief magiftrate may, an4 i* hereby required to, give to fuch journeyman a certificate fuch caufdefs refufal \ which certificate by fuch' juftice of the peace or chief magiftrate (hall be a!s effectual, as if a certificate had been given by fuch matter, and (hall be without fee or reward, aud (hall fully difeharge fuch journeyman to all intents and purpofes j and that if any perfon (hall forge or counterfeit any fuch certificate, or (hall produce any fuch certificate, knowing the fame to be forged or cotta* terfeited, fuch perfon, upon being indiCted and conviC&d thereof, (hall fuffer one year’s impriforrment, without bail or mainprize.

XXII.	And that no linen-weaver or linen iyianufa<Slurer (hall employ his apprentice for any unreafonable time in hu£ bandry, or any other work or labour not relating to the bu-finefs or trade of a line*i-weaver, except only during twenty four days in harveft in every year, upon pain of forfeiting forthefirft offence the fam of ten (hillings, and for the fe-cond offence the fum of twenty (hillings, and for the third ^ffence fuch apprentice (hall, and may, if he defires the fame, be difaharged from ferving the remaining time of his apprenticefhip, and alfo have, what apprentice-fee was given by or with him to fuch linen-weaver dr manufacturer* returned to him.

XXIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afore-faid, That if any perfon fhall fummon, or caufe to be fum-moned, by writing or otherwife, any manufacturer, artificer, .weaver, journeyman, apprentice, or labourer, ufually employed in any branch of the linen, hempen, or cotton manufacture, or in any manufacture, wherein any linen, hempen or cotton yarn or thread (hall be mixed or wrought up, or" fhall fummon, or caufe to be futnmoned, by writing or other-wife, any manufacturer, artificer, journeyman, apprentice, or labourer, ufually employed in any other trade or manufacture, to appear at any meeting in order to confult upon, or to enter into any rule, agreement, or combination to ascertain or fix the price of- labour or workmanfhrp, or fhall adminifter, or caufe to be adminiftered, any oath or declaf-ration to any fuch manufacturer, artificer, weiaver, journeyman, apprentice, or labourer as aforefaid, tending to fix the price of wages of labour or workmanfhip, or (hall ifTue, or caufe to be iffued, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, any ticket, certificate, or token (other than and except fuch ticket or certificate as (hall or may be delivered by or by the order of the corporation, whereof fuch manufacturer,

artificer.

Digitized by

Tbi third Ttar of George III. fctWariificer, weaver, journeyman, apprentice, or labourer, if Jhail be a member) to any fuch manufacturer, artificer, r, journeyman, apprentio^br labourer, of hif being 1 to work at hif or thciHRfpe&ive trade or trades, or I stake or join in making any rule, order, or regulation, ung to the prices or wages of labour or wotkmanfhjp in part or branch' of the linen, hempen, or cotton manu-or of any manufactures made up of cotton,. hemp, Eiien, or wherein any hemp, lines, or cotton, are or mixed, or in any part or branch of any other trade K«kr iranufa&ure, or (hall by force, menaces, or otherwise, or attempt to hinder any fuch manufacturer, artificer, ^Jjprtarer, journeyman, apprentice, or labourer as aforefaid, work at his or their refpe&ive trade or trades, at fuch j prices as he or they lhall agree for with his or their refpedfcive employers, every fuch perfon being thereof lawfully convicted t by the teilimony upon oath of one or more credible witnei't ! or wztneffes, or by the confeffion of the perfon charged with : fbch offence, before any one juftice of the peace, or any ' ■ chief magiftrate, within their rcfpe&ive jurisdictions, (whic’i ! path fuch juftice or chief magiftrate is hereby impowered " *and required to adminifter,) it (hall and may be lawful to ! and for fuch juftice and chief magiftrate refpedively, by • warrant under his hand and feal, to commit the perion or peribns lb convicted to gaol, there to be kept without ball tormainprize forthefpace of fix months; and alfo to order 1 the perfon or perfons fo conviCted, to be three times publick- < Jy whipped at fome publick place wirhin the juriidiCtion of , fuch juftice of the peace or chief magiftrate.

XXIV.	And that if any fuch manufacturer, artificer, weaver, journeyman, apprentice, or labourer as aforefaid, c ftutll take an oath, or enter into any combination or agreement, to afeertain or fix the price of wages or workmauftiip, or take any oath, or enter into any combination, not to work for any particular mailer or maftero, employer or employers, and (ball be thereof convicted, by the teftimony apon oath of one or more credible witnefs orwitneffes, or by the confeffion of the perfon charged with fuch offence, before any one juftice of the peace, or any chief magiftrate , within their refpeCfive jurifdiCEons (which oath fuch juftice - or chief magiftrate is hereby impowered and required to adminifter) it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice or chief magiftrate, by warrant under his hand and feal, to commit the perfon or perfons fo convi&ed to gaol, there to be kept without bail or.mainprize for the fpace of fix months, and alfo to order the perfon or perfons fo convi&ed, to be three times publickly whipped at fome publick place withi.i ' the jurifdiction of fuch juftice or chief magiftrate.

Vol. V.	K	XXV. And

Likepeulfy ) artificer, 4tc«

Digitized by

Forcing into houfe or (hop, &c felony with* out clergy.

Tools made andexercifcd in any city without charge.

Yard wide cloth when brown 37 inches and half broad, when bleached 34*

or forfeited.

Cloth of 7-Sths when brown $4 awl half, when bleached 30.

, Of 3 quarters when brown 28, bleached 25.

The third Year of George III.

XXV.	And that if any perfon or perfons (hall by day or

by night break into any houfe or fhop, or enter by force * j into any houfe or fhop, with intent to cut or deftroy MTV linen, hempen, or cotton yam, or any linen, cotton,j«rjj hempen cloth, oj any manufa&ure made or mixed vrifliNt linen, cotton, or hempen yarn, or any tools employedvife •* making thereof or any bay or woollen yam, or any	*j

failure wherein any bay or woollen yam {hall be ufed eir ^ wrought up, or any tools employed in the- making thereof^ or fhall wilfully or malicioufly cut or deftroy any linen, J hempen, cotton, or woollen manufacture, or any manufaft-ture made or mixed with linen, hempen, cotton, or woolkb-.': yam, or fhall wilfully and malicioufly break and deftroy aqf \ tools ufed in making or manufacturing of the fame, adit having the confent of the owner fo to do, every fuch offend*!* \ being thereof lawfully convidled, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall fuller death as in cafes of felony, without' ■ benefit of clergy.

XXVI.	And that every maker of hackles, fpinning wheels,

reels, weaving r^eds, or weaving Jooms, and alfo every w ver or manufacturer of linen or hempen cloth, and every hackler or drefler of flax o7 hemp, fhall and may, and hereby authorized to exercife the faid refpeCtive trades innay , city or town corporate within this kingdom without any let or hindrance from any perfon whatfoever, and without beiqg charged or chargeable with the payment of any money or duty whatfoever, for or in refpeCt of his following fuch trade* * or bufinefs. ,	.

XXVII.	And that no perfon {hall fell, or expofe to'fak,

any piece of plain linen cloth, being of or exceeding the let of fourteen hundred, made or intended to be of the denomination commonly called yard-Wide, that fhall not be when brown, and before the fame fhall be bleached, thirty feven * inches and a half broad at leaft, and which fhall not be 1 when bleached thirty four inches broad at leaft, upon pain of ' forfeiting fuch piece.	<' N

XXVIII.	And that no perfon fhall fell, or expofe to fale, any piece of plain linen cloth, being of or exceeding the fet of, twelve hundred* made or intended to be of the denomination commonly called feven-cighths wide, that fhall not be when brown, and before the lame fhall be bleached, thirty two inches and a half broad at leaft, and which fhall not be when bleached thirty inches broad at leaft, upon fain of forfeiting fuch piece

XXIX.	And that no perfon fhall fell, or expofe to fale, any piece of plain linen cloth, being of or exceeding the fet of fix hundred, made or intended to be of the denomination

Digitized by L.ooQLe

I

tTbtthirdYikrofGtQrgt III. fiosoommonly called three quarters wide, that (hall not be whea brown, and before the fame (hall be bleached, twenty eight inches broad at lead, and which (hall not be when Msached twenty five inches broad at lead, upon pain of for* fcktng (hch piece.

XXX.	And that no piece of white or bleached plain .	.	.

hoes doth (hall be Fold, or expofed to (ale, that (hall not be ^*J^bcs. twenty five inches broad at lead, upon pain of forfeiting „ filch piece. -

| XXXL And that no piece of plain linen cloth of the Coletstaes kind or denomination, commonly called and known by the brown 3s,

| same of Colerains, (hall be fold, er expofed to fale, that (hall bleached 30.

| sot he when brown, and before the lame (hall be bleached, j thirty two inches broad at lead, or that (hall not be when I' bleached thirty inches broad at lead, upon pain of forfeit-I ing filch piece.

| XXXII. 'And that no piece of brown or unbleached plain Brown plain fines doth (hall be fold, or expofed to (ale, or packed up, or cloth 26.

I entered for exportation, that (hall not be throughout fuch {' piece twenty fix inches broad at lead, upon pain of forfeiting \ inch piece. .

f XXXIIL And that no piece of brown or unbleached Of ****** plain linen doth, or hempen cloth, or of plain doth mtde of through ' GDttoB.yara, or of cotton and linen yarn mixed, (hall be fold, evcry L or expofed to fale, or packed up, or entered for exportation,

L which (hafi be thicker or finer in the felvage than in the body of fuch piece, or which (hall not be of equal finenefs • andthicknefs throughout every part of the length and breadth of fob piece.

XXXIV.	And that no piece of brown or unbleached' Fiplained

phis linen doth of the fet of eight hundred dr upward*, *	3	•*

feflbe fold, or expofed to fale, wftthin the province of Ul- ciJ*hJSa	* *

ler, which, if thirty fix, thirty feven, or thirty eight herein, foebes broad, (hall contain any greater number of yards ip length than twenty fire yards, upon pain of forfeiting fitch piece, and alfo the fum of forty (hillings, by the perfon *

Idling or expofing fuch piece to fale* or packing up or enter* ing the fame for exportation.

XXXV.	And that every piece of brown or unbleached frpofed to Ban doth, that (hall be brought to any fair or market, or AU in open that (ball be fold, or expofed to fale, (hall be fo brought, f0^* fuV. fold, or expofed talkie in open folds, and no ways tied at either end or in the middle; and that every fuch piece, ex- * ceptiag fuch as -are generally known by the names of Ofna-tags or Dowkfies, (hall be alfo cri(ped ; and that every ihgle piece, of fuch linen cloth, not containing more than twenty five yards in length, (hall be in folds not exceeding twenty feven inches in length in each fold ; and that every

*	K	2	double

Digitized by Google

Cloth mcafur-ed between leal andfeal, by the ftatute yard, 1 &c or ihe goods forfeited.

If dyed or flamed, forfeited and 2os.

Glazing engines in Ulfter forfeited, and the glazed cloth, and $1.

97* third Tear tf George III. double piece of fuch linen cloth, not containing mow; tj fifty yards in length, (hall be in folds not exceeding tl fix inches in length in each fold; and that every piece of fuch linen cloth, containing more than fifty in length, fhall be in folds not exceeding forty isches in each fold, upon pain of forfeiting fuch pin and that if any perfon fhall buy, or offer to buy piece df brown or unbleached linen cloth in any tied, or otherwife than crifped, and in open folds, ft perfon fhall foifeit the fum of three pounds for every fi piece of cloth fo bought, or offered to be bought as faicL	'	-

XXXyi. And that.all linen, cotton, and hempen and all cloth mixed with linen, cotton, or hempen yarn, be mcafured between feal and ieal ? and that bad and ii ficient ends fhall not be taken into the length thereof 5 fhall be bvmghfc and fold by no other meafure but the tute-yard containing thirty fix inches ; and that ho ext] dinary meafure or allowance, except the bteadth of a thui as is now generally pradlifed, to every yard in the mealisl ing thereof, fhall be made therein by the feller tp buyer, or required, or accepted of or taken, by the bi from the feller, and that no part of the price or val« thereof fhall be (lopped, demanded, or received by buyer from the feller, under colour of any agreement tifage whatfoever, upon pain that every perfon fo bu; or felling fuch goods contrary to the true intent meaning of this ad, fhall forfeit all fuch goods bought or fold, and alfo twenty fhillings for every ft offence*

XXXVII.	And that no perfon fhall knowingly fell

expofe to fale any piece 'of brown or unbleached linen hempen cloth, any part whereof fhall have been dyed ftained either in the yam or cloth with beandeaves, bai lampblack, charcoal, indigo, burned flick, or gunpo1 or any other material which has a tendency to render the pai fo llained or dyed difficult to bleach, upon pain of forfeit# ing fuch piece, and alfo the fum of twenty fhillings fo* every fuch piece ; and that every fuch piece of cloth (halt be ctft into parts, not exceeding foilr yards in length in any’ one part*	*;

XXXVIII.	And be it ena&ed by the auth^ty afore-^ (aid, That no' perfon in the province of Ulfter (hall make* ufe of, or have in his cuftody or pofteffion, or knowingly fuf* fer or permit to be kept in his houfe or place to him be-*

longing, any glazing machine, mill, or engiue for glar-

ing or fmoothing unbleached or brown linen, or hempen cloth, in order to make the fame look thicker; upoq pain*

Digitized by

Google

i

.¥be tbirJ Tear tf George Ilf.	>49

of forleitrng every fuch glazing machine or mill, ami alfo A. D. t^c laid doth that (hall be ib glazed, and alfo the fum of 1763. three pounds.	Chap.	34.

XXXIX. And that no perfon (hall make ufe of lime, taper’s dregs, or pigeon’s dung, in the bleaching or white- I" bleaching niag of linen, or hempen cloth, or linen or hempen yarn*^® *™c*|°* except £uch perfon or peifons as ihall be particularly cm- bill, unicu di-ploy ed or direded for that purpofe by the truilccs herein rcAol, penalty alter mentioned, or by any five or more of them, to make $hper pxcc. ufc of lime in bleaching fuch pieces of linen cloth, as ihall be particularly ordered or delivered to fuch perfon or perfons by the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, for the purpofe only of making cxpei iments, how far lime may be fafdy and advantageoufly ufed in bleaching; upon pain of forfeiting fuch cloth or yarn, or the value thereof, and alfo the fum of five pounds for every piece of linen cloth, and five (hillings for every hank of linen yarn, in the bleaching or whitening whereof any lime, taper's dregs, or pigeon’s dung, (hall be ufed without fuch direction* as aforeiaid.

XL. And that no perfon (hall mix any (tones, (and, or Kelp adulter-gravel amongft kelp m the burning or manufacturing there- *t€f f°f (*««*• or (hall fell, or expofe to fale, any kelp adulterated 40 3 per 10a with (tones, (and, or gravel, upon pain of forfeiting all loch kelp as (hall be fo mixed or adulterated, and alfo the fum of three pounds for every one hundred weight thereof: and that fuch kelp, as (hall be fo mixed or adulterated as aforefaid, (hail be broken into fatal! parts, and thrown out for manure on any land, except fuch land as (hall belong to the perfon determining fuch offence.

XLI. And that it (hall and may be lawful to and for Altewd every perfon or perfons whatsoever, being feized in poffcf- S G. ; 9. fion in law or equity of an eftatc in fee-tail, or for his life taj? ^orViic with immediate remainder over to or in truil for his iffue, may	*f

to demife any pan of the land whereof he or they (hall *Crc», for any be fo feized, being no part of the demefhe ufually occo- ttrm at full pied with his or their manfion-houfe, and not exceeding fif-teen acres plantation meafure, for one or more life or lives 7 renewable for cv4r, or for any term of years, at the full improved yearly value of fuch lands to be let to a folvent tenant at the t*me of making fuch leafe, for the purpofe of making a bleach-yard or bleach-green thereon, or of preserving and continuing a bleach-yard or bleach green already made thereon, and furnifhing conveniences for the workmen and perfons employed, or to be employed therein ; and in cafe the lands fo demifed, whereon no blrach-yard or bleach-green hath been already made, or a third

part

Digitized by

Damaging the

felony, and transportation 7 years.

Tht third Ttwr of George IQ. part thereof, /hall be formed into a bleach-yard or bleach* green, within three years after' the making of fuch leader and a fum or Aims of money, not lefe than ten pounds for every acre fo deraifed, (hall be laid out within the laid three years in improvements, for the purpofe only of carrying on the bleaching bufinefs on the fame, then, and not oth*i>» wife, fuch leafe renewable for ever, or leafe for years, (had be good and effc&usl againft every perfon churning aajf eftate in fuch land as iffue in tail, or by virtue of asy limitation, remainder, or reverfion in any will or fet»-tlement, under which fuch tenant in tail or for m /hall be intitled to foch land at the time of making fuch leafe.	t	'

_________________ XLII.	And	that	if any perfon (hall wilfully and ma6«

manufacture in cioufly damage any linen, hempen, or cotton cloth, *r bleach-yards any manufacture made or mixed with linen or hempen yeuft, in any bleach-yard, by making holes or rents therein* or by throwing gravel, fand, or dirt into any rubbing-boardfe, furnace, or wafo-mill, which (hall be ufed in fuch bleach* yard, or by mixing dye-ftufFs, or other improper material#^ with the lyes or fours which (hall be ufed in fuch bleach* yard, or in any other manner whatfoever; every fuch- perfotr being thereof lawfully qonviCted upon indictment, (hall be kdjudged guilty of felony, and (hall be tranfpbrted as a it-' Ion to one of his Majcity’s plantations in America for fevm-years.

40s. per piece, • XLIII. And that no perfon, employed to take care of, as. per hank, dr work in any bleach-yard, (hall fraudulently take into fuch blcach^hhout bleach-yard an7 hempen, or cotton doth, or any li-privity of owner nen> hempen or cotton yarn, or ahy manufadure mixed bf the yard. with any linen or hempen yafn, in order tobltach, or whiten,' or otherwife improve the fame, without, the knowledge of privity of his, her, or their mailer or miltrefs, or owner of fuch bleach-yard, upon pain of forfeiting to the owner of fuch bleach-yard the fum of forty (hillings for every piece of fuch doth, and two (hillings for every hank of fuch yarn, that (hall be fraudulently taken in Is aforefaid.	.	.	,

Bleachers not XJLIV. And that every perfon employed to take care of informing the a* work in any bleachyard, that /hall know of any damage owner of any . to have been committed with regard to* any doth or yarn in ^	bleachyard,	(hall	within	fix	days after his or her

e vauc* knowing the fame give true information of all, he or foe knows or has credibly heard concerning the fame,-to the owner of fuch bieaChyard, upon pain of forfeit*

. ing to the owner of fuch bleachyard, the full value

thatf

Digitized by

Google

Toe third Tear ef Georpe Ifl. fach doth or pm was of immediately before fuch

And that no perfon employed to work in any hyard (hall, during the time that he or (he (hall be jr jwlu to work therein, unlcfs in cafe of (icknefs, unavoid-VjjBt neceffity, or the leave of the ©verfeer or the owner foch bleachyard, abfent himfelf or herfclf from fuch * yard upon pain of forfeiting to the owner of fuch lyard for every day, that he or (he (hall be fo abfent, t'Jtie full wages or hire that he or (he was to have for one k £feeek’s work,

S' ?* XLW And that every perfon keeping or occupying a Sleachyard (hall mark or (lamp, or caufe to be marked or Ibffloped, in legible letters with lampblack, or vermiUiort, or faoebhie, and fize, his or her chriftian name, and fimame,

' ’wd place of abode, with the addition of the word Bleacher * fa each end of every piece of doth by him or her bleached whitened, before he or (he (hall fell or expofe the fame y’ In fide, or deliver the fame to the owner thereof, upon pain i “tit forfeiting the fum of twenty (hillings for every piece of [■ doth that (hall be bleached by fuch perfon, and not marked k; ifr afbrefeicL

XLVII. That if any linen or hempen yarn, lihen or # fanpen doth, (hall be damaged or abufed in the bleaching ^ or whitening thereof, whflft under the care of any ■ Ueacher or bleachers for hire, fuch bleacher or bleachers I fall take all fuch damaged dr abufed yarn or cloth to his > 'f& their own account, and pay the owner or owners there-4 the full value, that fuch yarn or cloth was worth when Wown.

XLVIII. And that no perfon or perfons whatfoever fall keep, employ, or make ufe of any publick bleach-yard within the city of Dublin, or five miles thereof without licence for that purpofe firft had and obtained from the truftees herein after mentioned for the time being, or any five or more of them, on pain of forfeiting the fum of two hundred pounds, to be paid to fuch perfon or perfons and for fuch nfes as the faid truftees or any five or more of diem (hall think proper ; and that no fee or reward (hall be iaken for fuch licence or licences.

XLIX. And that all brown o$ unbleached linen or hempen cloth, linen or hempen y4fn, that (hall be fold in any place in this kingdom, except in the city of Dublin or fuburbs thereof, by any perfon or perfons other than refident merchants or fhopkeepers dealing in fitch cloth or yarn, or other than and except fuch linen or hempen yarn as (hall be fold in a wholefome way (that is to fay) in one quantity or parcel to the value of twenty pounds or upwards

by

Ahfcnting, unlef* on neceffity ot leave, a weeks wages.

ic*. every piece not fUtop* cd with

bleacher'* name.

It

Owner of

cloth or yam damaged in blcacoing paid full value

No bleach-yjrd in Dublin or 5 mile* without licence, penalty loci

Altered 17 and 18O. y 11. fed 17.

Brown cloth or yarn, (ball be fold in open market or fair, Ac.

Digitized by i^ooQle

Sold within cuftom i forfeited

n gaps, ed.

3 Dtys before a fair allowed for buying yarn, fr.

Dealers buying brown cloth or yarn, and felling again without alteration, deemed foreftaller, or jobber.

Tbt third T'rar of George lit. by one perfon, (hall be fold publickly in fome open market or fair between the hours of eight of the clock m the Forenoon and four of the clock in the afternoon for linen and hempen yarn, and between the hours of teu of the clock in the forenoon and four of the clock in the afternoon For brown' or unbleached linen or hempen cloth, on the re-fpedive day or days on which fuch market or fair is ufualljr held; and that if any perfon or perfons, not being a xe-fident merchant or (hopkeeper or dealer in a wholefale way as aforefaid, (hall fell, or offer or coqtrad to fell, any fuch cloth or yarn in any other manner than as aforefaid, fufch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit fuch cloth or yari* or the value thereof.

L. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all linen yam and linen cloth, which (hall be hereafter fold or bought in any fair or market, (hall be fold and bought within the cuftom-gates or cuftom-gaps of fuch fair or market ; and all linen yarn and linen cloth which (hall be fold or bought coming to any fair or market, and not within the faid cuilom-gates or gaps, (hall be forfeited.

LI. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That three days before the day on which any fair is appointed to be held, except the fairs of Lane(borough and Stroakftown, for which fix days before the days on which the faid fairs of Lanefborough and Stroakflown are refpedively appointed to be held, and no, longer time, (hall be allowed for buying and felling linen yam in any fairs within the province of Connaught ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall ad contrary to the diredion aforefaid in buying or felling of linen yarn within the faid province, eyery perfon offending therein (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of three pounds fterling: provided that the above limitation of time (hall not extend to any perfon or perfons keeping open (hop in any town, or buying and felling in fuch (hop.

LI I. And that if any perfon, not being a refident merchant or (hopkeeper, dealing in linen or hempen yarn, or linen and hempen cloth, or cottons, cr chequers, or any ma-nufadures mixed with linen, hempen, or cotton yam, (hall buy by him or herfelf, or by any perfon or perfons in truft for him or her, any brown or unbleached linen cloths, or brown or unbleached linen yarn, in any market or fair, or in any other place whatsoever,' and (hall fell or offer to fell by him or herfelf, or hy any perfon or perfon? in truft for him or her, the fame gcods again in the fame market or fair, or in any neighbouring market or fair, or in any other place whatsoever within the diflance of thirty miles from the place, where the fame (hall have been bought, on the fame day or within one month afterwards, without having firft

made

Digitized by

Google

The third Tear of George III.	153

made fame ufeful improvement or alteration in fuch doth, A* D. yarn, or manufa&ure, every fuch perfon, felhng or offering 1763. to fell fuch goods, (hall be deemed a torcftaller, hawker, or Chap. 34. jobber of the fame, and (hall forfeit fuch goods or the value thereof; and that every perfon, who (hall buy any fnch goods from any fuch foi eftaller, hawker, or jobber, knowing them to have been offered to be fold contrary to the dire&ion* aforefaid, (hall forfeit all fuch goods fo bought by him or her, or the value thereof.

LIIL And that no piece of brown or unbleached linen gu ct<| n>m# or hempen cloth, bought in auy fair dr market, or in any written before other place wbaefoever, lhall be again fold or expofed to fak fale again uuder in any fair or market, or other place whatsoever, unlefs the *hc If*1* perfon fo felling or expofmg to tale (hall previous thereto havetortcltc<1* truly wrote, orcaufe to be wrote, his name with ink on the back or outfide af every fuch piece with the addition of the word Buyer under the feal of the Seal-mailer, upon pain of forfeiting every fuch piece,

LIV. And that no perfon (hall fell or expofe to falc any 80 of fclk" brown 01 unbleached linen or hempen cloth for hire or re- ^or hire, penal-ward, unlefs previous to his felling fuch cloth the name of 7 *

(uch perfon fo felling be written in a legible manner with ink under the impreflion of the fale-mafter's feal, made on the back of fuch cloth, with the addition of the word Seller ; and if any perfon (Kail for hire or reward fo fell any fuch linen, not having his or her name written thereon as afore-faid, he or (he (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of forty (hillings.

LV. And that no perfon (hall fell or agree to fell, or buy yarn brought or agree to buy, any linen yam brought from the country to Dublin fold to the city of Dublin, nor within three miles thereof, on,7 in in order to be fold in any place within the city of Dub-lin or within three miles thereof, except at the yam market eitablifned by the trullecs herein after meutioned, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of forty (hillings for every Auch offence,

LVI. And that no toll, cu(lom,or duty whatfoever (hall be No toll do-paid or demanded for any flax-feed, oi hemp-feed, flax, hemp,	for	&

or cotton, or any cloth made of linen or hempen or cotton j^ma^kcTor C yam, or cloth made of linen or hempen yarn and cotton feir> fave turn-mixed, kelp, or pot-afhes, wheels, reels, hackles, or looms, pike, penalty for or by reafon of their being brought to or kept in any 40** market or fair, or for the paliage of them or any of them over any bridge, or through any city, town, or place whatsoever (turnpike gates only excepted) and that if any perfon (hall demand, exalt, or take any toll, cuftom, or duty whatfoever contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, every fuch perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the uim of forty (hillings.

IVIL And

Digitized by v^»ooQle

No duty on export of cloth, tsV

Embezzling forfeit four-fold to the pv*y.

Former trof-tccs continued, &c.

7 be third Year of George I IF.

• LVII. And that no duty whatfoever (hall be paid to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, for or on. account of die exporting any linen or hempen cloth made or manufactured in this kingdom ; and that no duty fhall be demanded, levied, or railed to the ufe of his Majefty,’ his heirs or fueddfc for* for or by reafon of the importing any wood or weed-afhes of any kind ufed in^bleaching, or any blue called Smalts, or any oil of vitriol, or black foap, or any bleacher^ furnaces, or any weaving-loom ; and that no duty fhall be * demanded, levied, or railed to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, for or by reafon of the importing any good ’ and found flax-feed or hemp-feed of the growth of Ruifia* ✓ Germany, the Netherlands, the Eaft-Country, or any of the Britifh plantations in America.

LVIII. And that if any weaver, bleacher, carrier, feal-riiafter, calender-keeper, lapper, or other perfon whatfoever* intrufted with any linen or hempen-yarn, or any linen Or hempen cloth, or any materials or working-tools for manufacturing the fame, fhall fraudulently fell or embezzle the fame, or any part thereof, of the value of one fhilling or upwards, fuch weaver, bleacher, carrier, feal-mafter, callen-der-keeper, lapper, or other perfon, and the receiver or receivers thereof, knowing the fame to be embezzled, fhall forfeit to the perfon or perfons aggrieved thereby four times the value of fuch yarn, or cloth, or materials, or working tools' fo embezzled.

LIX. And to the end that the fev^ral orders and re* gulations, herein contained for the improvement of the linen and hempen manufactures, may be effectual and carried into due execution, and that all fuch duties and fums of money, as are now or fhall be hereafter directed to be applied to the ufe of the faid manufactures, may effectually anfvver the purpofes, for which they<are or fhall be intended, be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral perfons, nominated and appointed for each of the four provinces of this kingdom truftees for encouraging the faid manufactures purfuant to the powers in fome of the faid aCts contained, fhall and may continue truftees for encouraging* the faid manufactures, with the powers and authorities herein after vefted in them; and that when and as often as any of the faid truftees- already nominated or appointed, or hereafter to be nominated or appointed, fhall happen to die, that in fuch and no other cafe the lord lieutenant, or othef chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being fhall, and may, and is and dre hereby enabled from time to time to nominate and appoint fuch other perfon or perfons to be a truftee or truftees for Encouraging the faid manufactures ia the

place

Digitized by LjOoq le

TJk third Yt*r #/* George III.	tjj

face and room of fuck of the faid truftees, as ire nom „ A. D. dead, or (hall happen to die, to be always nominated and 1763. appointed as afore&id for the fame province of this king- Chap. 34. dom, for which the irfpe&ive perfon or perfons, now dead, v or hereafter to die, was or were formerly appointed ; and 5 tmftees that the faid truftees for the time being, or aty five or	^

more of them, dull and may from time to tim;, as often county fcttlc as they (hall think fit, meet and aflemblc together in fome and adjuft, Ac. convenient place within the city of Dublin, or liberties thereof, or county of Dublin, to fettle and adjuit fuch matters as they (hall think moft expedient for the efiablifh* ing arvl carrying on the (aid manufa&uret, and for preventing all frauds and abofes that may happen in the fame or any branch thereof; and that the (aid truftees for the time being, or the major part of them prefcot at any fuch meeting, fuch major part not being lefo than fevco in number,' dull and may from time to tune appoint during their pleafure a clerk, door-keepers, and other ncccfiury krvanta to attend them; and alfo officers, fa&ors, and fervants to attend and execute the bufinefo of the Knen-hall, yarn-hall, fUx and hefop-market, and calender-houfe, and afeertain and direft proper Calaries to be paid to fuch clerk, door-keepers,

(fervants, officers, and factors rcfpe&ivcly, not exceeding in die whole four hundred pounds a Tear, to be paid out of the duties already granted, or to be hereafter granted, for the porpofes in this a£fc; and that the laid truiteea for the time being, or the major part of them prefen t at any fuch meeting, fuch major part not being lefs than feven in number, or their clerk for the time being by the Order of fuch major part of them, (hall and may enter into any oontra& or contrails with any perfon or perfons for the carrying oh the (aid linen or hempen manufactures, or any branch or branches thereof; which contract or contracts (hall as to the (aid truftees or their clerk be binding only upon and aofwcred out of the faid duties; and that no looms, fpinr sing wheels, reels, hackles, calenders, or profies, or any of them, which the faid truftees (hall lend or caufo to be lent to any perfon or perfons for carrying on the (aid mam*, fixtures or any branch of them, being foaled or damped with the foal or damp appointed or ufed by the fold truftees for that purpofe, (hail be didrained for rent, or hearth-money, or on any other account whatfoever, or (hall be foized by virtue of any procefo or execution bj any (keriff, fonefcal, or bailiff, or other perfon what* foever.

LX. And for the more effectual preventing of all frauds ^ and abufes in the (aid mamtfa&uret and in cwry bcaoch

thacof*

Digitized by

i56 A. D.

r,^6> Chap. 34.

. The third Tear ef George III. thereof, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it' (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees for the time being, or any five or more of them, from time to time to licence and appoint during their pleafure fuch fit and pro-, per perfons, and in fuch places, as they (hall judge convenient, to be packers of dreffed hemp, or feal-mafters of brow*, or unbleached linens, or lappers of white linens ; and that, the (aid truftees for the time being, or the major part a£ them prefent at any fuch meeting, fuch major part not being lefs than five in number, (hall and may from time to time and at all times hereafter make, conftitute, and appoint, fuch rules, orders, and diredions, (provided the fame be not contrary to this adj for regulating, governing, and direCb* ingthe faid linen-hall, yarn-hall, ftax and hemp-market, and calendar-houfe, and all cloths, yarn, ftax, and hemp brought, thereto, or lodged therein, and all officers, fadors, and ier-^ vants employed in or about the faid linen-hall, yarn-hall* ftax and hemp warehoufe, or calender-houf;, and alfo for governing and directing all officers, fervants, fcal-mafters, and lappers, that are or (hall be appointed by them as aforefaid, as they the faid truftees, or fuch major part of them* fhall think proper ; and that every fuch clerk, packer, foal-matter, lapper, officer, fador, or fervant fo appointed (hall be fubject to and obferve all fuch rules, orders, and directions, and under fuch fines or penalties, not exceeding twei^ tj pounds for any one offence, as the faid truftees for the time being, or fuch major part of them, (hall fo as aforefaid: make, conftitute, or appoint; and that the faid truftees for the time being, or any five or more of them, may, and sure hereby authorized and impowered to, take fuch fecurity or fecurities by bond or otherwife in the name or names of any one or more of them, or in the name of their clerk for the time being, for the due obfervance of all fuch rules, orders* and directions as aforefaid, by every fuch clerk, packer, feal-mafter, lapper, officer,. fador, or fervant refpedively, as the faid truftees for the time being, or any five or more of them, (hall dired and appoint: and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid truftees for the time being, or any five or more of them, to adminifter to every fuch clerk, packer, feal-mafter, lapper, officer, fador, and fervant refpeo tively an oath for the faithful execution of their refpedive offices ; and that if any complaints (hall be made againftany fuch clerk, packer, feal-mafter, lapper, officer, fador, or fervant for any fraud, mifbehavioor, or negled in his (aid office, that it (hall be lawful to and for the faid truftees for the time being, or any five or more of them, on examination upon oath of the parties, and fuch witneffes as (hall appear or be produced before them (which oath the faid truftees for

Digitized by LiOOQle

S

The third Tear of George Ilf.	1J7

the time being, or any five or more of them, are hereby A. D. impowered to adminifter) finally to hear and determine the 1763. feme, and to impofe fuch fine upon any fuch clerk, pac- Chap. 34-ker, feal-maftef, lapper, officer, factor, or fervants, not ex-ceeding the fum of twenty pounds for any one offence, and to be paid to fuch perfon or perfons as the (aid truftees for the time being, or any five or more of them, (hall judge proper ; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the feid truftees for the time being to commence, profecute, and defend in the name of their clerk for the time being any fbk either in few or equity touching or concerning any con-trad or agreement, heretofore made or entered into or hereafter to be made or entered into by the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, or their clerk for the time being, by fuch order hs aforefaid; and that all fuits and proceedings in any coort of few or equity in the 'name of fuch clerk thaS be as good and effe&ual to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch luit8 and proceedings had been commenced, profe-cuted, defended, or earned on in the names of the faid truf-tees, or any of them; and in cafe any bill or petition (hall be filed or exhibited in any court of equity againft the faid truftees for the time being, or any of them, or their derk Tor the time being, for or on account of any matter or thing, by the feid truftees or any of them made or done in execution of the powers, authorities, or trufts heretofore or hereby veiled in them, they the faid truftees or any of them (hall not be obliged to anfwer fuch bill or petition, bet that the anfwer of fuch clerk to fuch bill or petition (hail be deemed and taken to be the anfwer of the feid truftees, and (ball be binding upon them to all intents and purpofes whatfoever ; and in cafe fuch clerk (hall happen to die or be removed, whilft fuch fuit (hall he depending, that then and in fuch cafe fuch fuit (hall not abate by the death or removal of fuch clerk, but (hall be carried on in the name of the fucceeding derk, and (hall ftand to all intents and purpofes in the fame plight and condition, as it was immediately before fuch death or removal f and that the feid truftees, or any three or more of them, (hall and may meet the firft Monday in every month of May, Auguft, November, and February for the purpofe only of hearing and determinig all complaints, that' (hall or may be made againft fuch derk, packers, feal-mafters, lappers, officers, fa&ors, or fervants, or any of them 5 and (hall and may fit' from day to day, until all fuch corqptaints are finally determined ; and that any perfon or perfons, who (hall think him, her, or themfelve* aggrieved by any determination of fuch three or more of the feid truftees, may at any time within one month after fuch determination appeal to the faid truftees ; the determination

Digitized by L,ooQle

The following: powers veft-ed in Seal-matters of brown doth.

Tbs third Ytar of George If I. nation of whom or any five of them therein (hall be £03}* and conclufive.

LXI. And that every feahmafter of brown or unbleac^, ed linen or hempen cloth appointed or to be appointed apt. aforefaid, (hall carefully view, examine, and meafure ever*, piece of linen or hempen cloth, that (hall be produced and ofc fered to him to be fealed | and if the fame (hall appear te him to be merchantable, and to be in every refpedl conform-mabk to the directions aforefaid, then, and not otherwife* fuch feal-mafter (hall and may fold up the fame in folds, be-r ginning from one of the ends of fuch piece ; and if fuch piece mall not contain more than twenty five yards in length* then no fuch fold thereof (hall exceed twenty (even inches ; and if fuch piece (hall not contain more than fifty yards iur length, then no fuch fold thereof (hall exceed thiity fix inches; and if fuch piece (hall contain more than fifty yards in length, then no fuch fold thereof (hall exceed forty fiv* inches; and that, none of fuch folds on either fide (hall be* inclofed, or involved, or what is commonly called locked; -and that every firft oroutfide fold of every fitch piece (hall begin from one of the ends of fuch piece, and that end (hall not in any manner be folded in; and that every fuch feal-raafi- ' ter (hall affix a fair imprdfion of fuch feal, as (hall be appointed for him by the faid truftces for the time being, or •ny five 6* more of them, with lampblack, or vermillioa, or* ftone blue, and fize or common oil, on the middle of fuch fold, at.not more than thiiteen inches and an half from the end of fuch piece, as (hall not contain more than twenty five yards, and at not more than eighteen inches from the end of fuch piece as (hall not contain more than fifty yards in length, and not more, than twenty two inches and a h df from the end of fuch piece as (hall contain more than fifty yards in length ; and that fuch feal-mafter (hall affix a fair imprdfion of fuch feal with fuch ingredients as aforefaid on. each of the ends of every fuch piece ; and (hall like wife mark with fuch ingredients as aforefaid on the back or out-fide of every fuch piece the Length of fuch piece, and the. number of inches it contains in breadth, and alfo the half inch, if the fame (hall be in breadth half an^inch more than any number of inches, without regard to any Idler fra&ions of an inch, apdthe name of fuch feal-mafter, and the coun-, ty wherein he refides; and that if any parts of fuch piece (ball be damaged or faulty, but not fo damaged or faulty as to render the fame unmerchantable, every fuch damaged or. fruity part (hall be fairly expofed in the lap or bofom of fuch. piece, fo as that the fame may be eafily feen, and that oppo-fite to fuch damaged or faulty part upon the bofom of every fuch piece fuch feal-mafter (hall affix an iqipreQion of his. feal with fuch ingredients as aforefrid to denote fuch damaged

Digitized by CjOOQle

Uoh!esehcd

' Tie third Year *f George IH. tdor taulty part; and that no fuch feal-mafter (hall buy, or offer to bay, or fuffer to be bought in his houfe any brown 9r unbleached linen or hempen doth, that (hall be brought to him to be&aled; and that no fuch feal-mafter (hall, during the time' he (hall continue a feal-mafter, aft as a lapper, or bp or feal any white or bleached linen or hempen doth ;

'ttdthat fuch feal-mafter (hall and may demand and take the fum of one penny, apd no more, for every piece of green or unbleached linen or hempen doth containing twenty five yards or under, that (hall be by him fealed as aforetaid, and fa in proportion for a greater quantity; and that if any fuch feaknafter (hall offend in any of the matters aforetaid, every inch fad-mailer fhall for every fuch offence forfeit fuch fum, not lefr than ten (hillings nor exceeding forty (hillings, as the perfon or perfons, herein after impowered to determine fach offences, (hall upon the circumftances of the cafe adjudge and determine.

LX 11. And that no perfon (hall fell or expofe to fale, or pack up or enter for exportation, or buy or agree to buy, toy piece of green or unbleached linen or hempen doth,	udmarfc-

that Audi not be at the time of felling, or expofing the ed,si. per piece, fane to (ale, or of packing up, or entering for exportation,

Sealed and marked as aforetaid, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of five pounds for every fuch piece.

LXIII. And that every tapper of white or bleached li- LepPm , .	%	v	•	%	p	examine and

neo or hempen cloth, appointed or to be appointed as afore*- meafure tlrach-

faid, (hall carefully view, examine, and meafune every piece ed doth. of white or bleached linen or hempen cloth, that fhall be herein direded ■ produced and offered to be tapped; and if the tame (hall ^ tru^cct* appear to him to be merchantable, and to be conformable to. the dirt&ions aforetaid, then and not otherwife, fuck * lapper fhall and may tap and make up the tame in fuch manner and in fuch folds, as the taid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall for that purpofe dire& or appoint $ and that every fuch tapper (hall with Vermillion or ftone-blue and fize mark on every fuch piece the length thereof, and the number of entire inches, and alfo'the half inch, (if the fine fhall be in breadth half an inch more than any number of indies fuch piece contains in breadth) without regard to any kier fradion8 of an inch, and alio die name of Fuch tapper, aadtbe county wherein he (hall then refide, and al(o fuch other impreffion as the taid truftees for the time being, or my five or more of them, fhall direft, upon fuch parts of 4xh piece as the taid truftees, or any five or more of them, afid that if any part of fuch piece (hall he <ta-I&gcd or faulty, but not fo much damaged or faulty as tp sender the tame unmerchantable, then every fuch damaged

k.iroUy part (hall be fairly exposed in the tap or bofom of inch piece, fo as that the fame may be eafily (ecu ; and that

oppofite

v Digitized by v^ooQle

t) faring for fale or export.

piece.

Hemp-pac-

The third Tear of Gcrttge III. oppofite to fuch faulty or damaged part fucli lappet* (hall affix a’n impreflion of hi« feal with fach ingredients, as are La it mentioned, to denote fuch damaged or faulty part j and that no fuch lappcr <hall fold or put up two or more pieces fo as to feem only one entire piece { and that fuch lapper fhall aftd may demand and take the fum of two pence, and no more, for each piece of white or bleached linen or hempen dbtK, that (hall be lapped and marked by him as aforefaid.

LXIV. And that no perfon {hall fell or expofe to fale, or -	.	pack	up	or enter for exportation, or buy or agree to buy,

market^6 Sl^er aTly piece of white or bleached linen or hempen cloth, that (haH not be lapped and marked as aforefaid, except remnatots and fmall pieces not exceeding feven yards in length, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of live pounds for every fach piece.	v

LXV. And that every packer of hemp, appointed or to kers to examine he appointed as aforefaid, {hall carefully view, examine, and «ad weigh, &c. wejgh fuch dreflfed hemp, as {hall be produced and offered to him for that purpofe; and if fuch hemp {hall appear to him to be good and merchantable, then, and not otherwife, fuch packer {hall and may pack and make up the famei and markon each package the weight of the hemp therein contained, and feal or {lamp the fame with the name of fuch packer, and the county in which he {hall then refide, and luch other impreflion as the faid trnftees, or any five or more of them, {hall appoint; and that fuch packer fhall and may demand and take fuch. fum of money, as fhall be appointed '	by the faid truftees, or any five or more of* them, for that

purpofe, not exceeding fix pence for every hundred weight of hemp fo packed and marked ; and that no perfon fti til fell or expofe to fale one hundred weight, or any greater ^quantity, of drelTed hemp of the growth of this kingdom, not being packed and marked as aforefaid, upon pain of for-Feiting the fame.

Counterfeit- LX VI. And that if any perfon fhall counterfeit the ingname*, &c. name of any reed-maker, or the name of any lin.n weaver pillory or tranf- or linen manufacturer, or the name of any buyer, or the portation. name of any perfon keeping or occupying any bleachyard, Or the name of any draper directed to be marked or ilamped as aforefaid, or fhall counterfeit the feal or {lamp fo as afore*| faid appointed or to be appointed for fuch packer, feaI-iha{B ter,< or lapper as aforefaid, or fhall alter the figures or ftarripjl made upon any piece of linen or hempen cloth by any fealfl mailer or lapper to mark the length or breadth of the fameS fuch perfon, being thereof lawfully convi&ed, fhall be confl demned to Hand in the pillory, or to be tranfported for 'thd term of feven years to fome of his Majefty’s plantations fit America, at the diferetion of the judge or judges who {halt try fuch offence..

LXVIi; And

Tbt third Tear 0/ George III.

LXV1T. And that no packer (haS ftamp any package of hemp, or feal matter or lapper (hall feal or ftamp any pfrce of linen or hempen cloth, after notice that hit leal or tamp is ordered by the faid trufteea or any five or more of them to be given 00, or not to be longer ufed by him, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of twenty pounds ; and that an ^^^^penal* advertifement for that purpofe, publifhed four timet fuccef- aoL *«. lively in the Dublin Gazette, (hallt be fufficient evidence againfl fuch packer, feal-mafter, or lapper of fuch order tod notice thereof 5 and that every packer, feal-mafter, or bpper, vrhofe feal or ftamp (hall be ordered to be given up ly the laid trufteea or any five or more of them, (hall, within two months after the lift notice publifhed as aforefaid, canfe hit feal or ftamp to be delivered to the clerk of the faid truttees for the time being upon pain of forfeiting the fum of twenty pounds ; and that no packer, feal-mafter, or bpper, (hall feu or lend his feal or ftamp, or fuller the fame to be ufed by any other perfon whatfoever, upon pain of forfeiting twenty pounds ; and that no perfon (hall ufe the feal or ttamp of any packer, feal-mafter, or lapper, in (lamp-iBg or foaling any package of hemp or any piece of linen or hempen doth, other than and except (uch packer, feal-mafter, or lapper refpe&ivdy, upon pain of forfeiting the fozn of twenty pounds.

LXVIII. And that each advertifement printed m the 4foere{fiv« Dublin Gazette, containing fuch dire&ions or orders at the •dvertifirwcnts laid truttees, or any five or more of them, (hall from time truftew^Sc#^ to time make as aforefaid to be obferved by any packer, feal- *h°rtTf mafters, or lappers, and continued in fuch Gazette for four foccdfive times, (hall be deemed to aU intents and purpofes full and fufficient notice to all packers, feal-mafters, and Uppers, that fuch orders and directions were made by the fold truttees, or five or more of them.

LXIX. And whereas the faid truttees, or five or more of them, in the execution of their {aid trails have frequent occafion to render or require certificates, finned by a juftice of die peace or chief magiftrate, or one of the laid truttees, aadalib affidavits made before fotnc juftice of the peace, or chief magiftrate, or one of the faid trufteea, to be laid before them s be tt enafted by the authority aforefaid, That ^ it (hall and may be lawful to and for every juftice of the peace, may tmhTsaldfc and chief magiftrate, and every one of tne faid truttees, to fcdavit, *«, sdminifter an oath to, and take an affidavit from any perfon whatfoever touching or concerning any matter or thing in ttvwifo relating to or concerning the linen or hempen manufacture, or any branch thereof ; and that if any perfon or perfons (hall forge or counterfeit the name of any juttice of thepeace, or chief magiftrate, ortrutteeto any certificate or affidavit, that fhafibt ordered or required \y the laid truf-V01. V.	L	tees,

16a

' A. D.

'*76J* Chap. 34.

Repealed 17 c\G* 3‘ c %lm



The third Year of George III. tees, or any five or rt^pre of them, or fhall produce to tH^ faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or to their clears for them, any fuch Certificate or affidavit knowing the fam^ to be forged or counterfeited, or (hall knowingly fwear ar%jf thing, which is falfe, in fuch affidavit, fuch perfon or pe?r— fons (hall upon con vision thereof fuffer fuch punifhmenfc, as perfons convi&ed of wilful and corrupt perjury are by tfae laws of this kingdom fubje£t to.

LXX. And that offences or breaches committed of ojr againft any claufe or article in this prefent a& contained!, except where the fame are hereby particularly appointed to be heard and determined, and except where the penalty qjf forfeiture does or may exceed in value the fum of fix poun<Js fterling, (hall and may be heard and finally determined by the faid truftees for the time being, or any one or more of them, or by any one or more jufhee or juftices of the peace, or chief magiftrate of any city or town corporate within their refpe&ive jurifdiftions ; and that all offences or breaches committed of or againft any claufe or article in this prefent afk Contained, where the penalty or forfeiture does or may exceed in value the fum of fix pounds fterling, except where the fanae are hereby particularly appointed to be heard and determiji-ed, (hall and may be heard and finally determined by the faid truftees for the time being, or any five or more of them ; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid feveral perfons, hereby impowered to hear and determine the faid offences refpe&ively, to examine upon oath all and every fuch witnefs and witnefies as (hall be produced before them refpe&ively, (which oath they are hereby impowered reflectively to adminifter) upon any complaint or information to him or them made of any offence or breach committed of Or againft this a6t, and to iffue their warrants refpe&ively to any one or more conftable or conftables, requiring and im-powering him or them by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods (the overplus whereof fhall be rendered to the owner ©r owners thereof) to levy the refpective penalties or forfeitures by fuch offenders incurred ; which when levied fhall be paid to the real informer or profecutor in all cafes, except where the fame are hereby otherwife directed to be applied, firft deducing ^hereout the fum of two (billings in the pound, to be paid to the conftable or conftables for executing fuch warrant; and in cafe nofufficient diftrefs can be found, then, and in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the feveral perfons, hereby impowered to hear and determine the faid offences refpeCtively, by their refpective warrants to commit fuch offender or offenders to the houfe of correction or next gaol for fo long tithe, as they (hall refpedtively think, proper, not exceeding fix months in the whole.

LXXI. A*4;

r ~

Digitized by k,ooQle

The third Tear of George Itl.

LXXt. And that when any linen dr hempen cloth fhaH be drttrhlinbd to bfe forfeited for not being made purfuant to tfcdirtdibns ifortfaid, the perfon or perfons, l'odetermin-ing the famd to be forfeited, Avail and may order and caufe ftih doth to be cQt and fevered into three or more equal jterti crofs way*, before the fame (hall be delivered to the informer or prbfecutor.

LXXII. And that if any aftion or fuit (hall be commenced or brought againft any perfon whatfoever for doing or caufing to be done any aft, matter, or thing in purfu-ance hereof, the defendant or defendants in fuch aft ion or fuitfhalland may plead the general ifTue, and give the fpe-cial matter in evidence ; and'if upon fuch aftion or in fuch fntt judgment (hall be given for the defendant of defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein (hall become noitfuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their aftion or fuit, then the defendant or defendants therein (hall have treble colls.

LXXII1. Provided always, That nothing herein contained IhaD extend to charge any perfon or perfons with any penalty, forfeiture, or punifhment for or concerning any offence or breach of or againft this aft, unlefa he, (he, or they fo offending (hall be complained of or informed againft tt> the perfon or perfons hereby impowered to determine fuch dfences, within fix months after fuch offence or breach (hall be done and committed.

LXXIV. And that if any complaint or information (hall be made or given againft any weaver, manufafturer, or feal-Aafter, for any offence againft this aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons herein before impowered to determine fuch offence, in cafe it (hall appear to him or them, that fuch complaint or information was ill founded and without juft caufe, to adjudge the perfon oV perfons making or giving fuch complaint or information to pay to the perfon or perfons fo complained of or informed againft any fum not lefs than two (hillings, nor exceeding ten (hillings, to be levied and recovered by fuch ways and means as are herein before direfted with regard to penalties not exceeding fix pounds in value.

LXXV. And that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon and perfons, hereby impowered to hear and determine offences againft this aft, by writing under his or their hand or hands to fumndon and order the apprentice, fervant, or journeyman of any reed-maker, weaver, or ma-nrfa&urer of linen or hempen cloth, bleacher, or draper, oi fiax-feed merchant, or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, to appear before him or them, and upon his or their appearance to examine him or them upon oath as to his or their knowledge concerning any offence or breach of‘or ajpinft any part of this aft ; and in cafe fuch apprentice, L 2	fervant.

Forfeited cloth cut croft ways before delivered to prolocutor.

Repealed ry9 i8 G. i. c. at*

f. 8.

Complaints ia 6 months.

On emnfeteft complaint cods againft infor-

Sumraom hi writing, dec.

Digitized by L,ooQle

finminant Hot liable on difcovery.

The third Tear of George III. fervent, journeyman, or other perfon, being fummoned, (hall wilfully rerufe to appear purfuant to fuch fummons, or-appearing (hall refiife to be examined upon oath to the pur-pofe aforefaid, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch perfon or perfons impowered as aforefaid to commit fuch apprentice, fervant, journeyman, or other perfon to the houfe of correftion or next gaol, there to be kept for the fpace of thirty days, unlefs he, (he, or they (hall fooner fubmit to be examined as aforefaid.

LXXVI. Provided that fuch perfon, as (hall be fo examined, (hall not be liable to any penalty, forfeiture or pu-nifhment relating to the offence, which he or (he (hall on fuch examination difeover.

No clergy to LXXVII. And that no felon convifted according to the felons (tawog cSourfe of the law and ftatutes of this kingdom of dealing above s*» of linen, hempen, or cotton yarn, or linen or hempen cloth, or cloth made of linen and cotton yarn, or any materials or utenfils ufed in bleaching the fame, above the value of five (hillings from or out of any bleachyard, buckhoufe, or work-houfe thereunto belonging, whether the faft be committed by day or night, (hall be allowed the benefit of clergy.

Refeuing fei- LXXVIII. And that if any perfon or perfons as (hall 4^*' V**™* refeue or take by force any hemp*feed, flax-feed, flax, hemp,

*	twine,	ropes,	cordage, thread, bofs, tapes, chatts, inkles,

filletting, braids, ferretting, (hoe-lace, points, bobbin, linen yarn, hempen yarn, weaving reed, linen cloth, or hempen cloth out of the cuftody or poffeflion of any perfon or perfons who (hall have feized the fame for being managed, ufed, or made contrary to the direftions aforefaid, every fuch perfon, fo refeuing or taking by force, (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, and alfo the full value of the goods fo refeued and taken as aforefaid.

Former ap* LXXIX. And that the appointments of all fuch officers, poumnents, ^c# faftors, fervants, packers, Teal-mailers, and lappers, and all fuch rules, orders, and direftions, as have been already made by the (aid truftees purfuant to the powers vefled in them by the faid recited afts or fome of them, (hall he as valid and of as much force and effeft to all intents and purpofes, as if filch appointment, rules, order's, and direftions were made by the faid truftees purfuant to the powers by this aft veiled in them ; and that all fuch contrafts, as have been already entered into by the faid truftees, or by any perfon or perfons ' by their order and for and on their behalf, purfuant to the

Ecrs veiled in them by any aft of Parliament now in force, have the fame force and effeft to all intents and pur-» pofes, as if this aft had never been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftand-ing,

LXXX. And

Digitized by L.ooQle

Power* wft* cd in tru&ccs.

Tbt third Yutr of George Ilf.

LXXX. And that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid truftees for the time being in the name of their clerk for the time being, to fue for in a fummary way by civil bill and recover again ft every packer, feal-mafter, or lapper refpedively, and their refpedive fccurity or fecurities,	IP*®*

all fuch fum and fums of money as have been impofed fince fof the firfl day of May, one thouiand feven hundred and fifty five, or (hall be from time to time hereafter impofed by the faid truftees as aforefaid, by way of fine or penalty on fuch packer, feal-mafter, or lapper.

LXXXI. And that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the {aid truftees, or any five of them, by writing under their hands and feals to authorize any one or more perfon or per-Tons from the hours of ten of the clock in the morning to five in the afternoon to enter into the feveral apartments of theiaid linen-hall and yarn-hall, and into all other (hops, flails, and places, wherein any linen yarn, or linen cloth, (hall be Jold or expofed to fale within the city of Dublin, or within the liberties of Saint Sepulchre’s, Thomas Court, and Do-nore, and to feize all green or unbleached lioen yarn and all plain linen doth, which (hall be there fold or expofed to fale contrary to the directions of this ad, and to carry the fame before the faid truftees, or any three or more of them ; who are hereby required to examine into all offences committed in fuch linen yarn or linen doth againft this ad, or any part thereof, and to adjudge fuch forfeitures, and inflid and levy fuch penalties, as are by this ad direded for every fuch offence.

LXXXIT. And that if any perfon (hall fuftain any lofs Lo&to buyer or damage in the buying any piece of brown or unbleached °f hrown cloth linen or hempen doth, by any damaged part being conceal-edin the folds thereof, or by its notanfwering the mcafure	1

as to the length or breadth marked thereon by fuch feal-maller, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch perfon to fue for and recover from the feal-mafter of fuch piece, or the perfon or perfons who (hall at the time of fuch fealing be bound as fecurity for his faithful difeharge of the office of feal-mafter, or from the manufadurcr or weaver of fuch piece, in cafe fuch piece (hall not before then have been bought by any perfon, and in cafe the fame (hall have bcea before then bought by any perfon or perfons, then from the buyer of fuch piece, the full value of the lofs or damage fo fuftained, and alfo any fum not lefs than five (hillings, nor exceeding forty (hillings, to be determined by the perfon or perfons by this ad impowered to determine fuch offences.

LXXXIII. And that if any perfon (hall fuftain any or damage by means of any fraud in the lapping any p’ecj of recovered linen or hempen doth, Qr by any damaged part bring ccn- i* herein.

cried

Digitized by LjOOQle

The third Tear of George III. cealed in the folds thereof, or by its being ratten of unpier-chantable, or by its not anfwering the meafure as to the length or breadth marked thereon by fuch lapper, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch perfon to fue either the lapper of fuch piece, or the perfon or perfons who fl^all at the time of lapping and fra ling the fame be bound as fecu-rity or fecuntfes for his faithful difehavge of the office of lapper, or the perfon or perfons whofe name or names (hall be marked thereon as the draper or drapers, and recover from fuch lapper, or his fecurityor ftcuntie5, or fuch draper, the full value of the lofs or damage fo fuftained, and alfo the fum of twenty (hillings in cafe fuch lofs or damage (hall not exceed five (hillings ; and in cafe fuch lofs or damage fhall exceed five (hillings, then the fum of five pounds for every fuch piece ; the fame to be recovered, if not exceeding twenty pounds, by civil bill, and if upwards of twenty pounds then the fame to be recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin.

Bat if before LXXXIV. Provided, that if the faid trullees (hall have fait fined by	fined fuch feal-mafter or his fecurity, or fuch lapper or his

truftees then	fecurity, for fuch offence, and receive the fine or penalty

^anr^f ^fUCh pok'd by them for fuch offence, before fuch fuit com-* '	menced,	that then fuch feal-mafler or his fecurity, roanufac-

• turer, weaver, or buyer refpe&ively, or fuch lapper or bfs fecurity, or fuch draper, fhall not be fued for fuch damage or lofs as afore faid.

LXXXV. And that in all complaints, in format ions, fuits, civil bills, or actions, to be made, brought, commenced, or profecuted againfl any packer, feal-mafter, or lapper, founded upon this aft, a certificate of the clerk of the faid truftees, for the time being, under the hand and feal of fuch clerk, (hall be taken, deemed, and adjudged full and fufficient evidence, that fuch perfon is their clerk, and that the perfons therein for that purpofc named, were re-fpeClively and duly appointed packers, feal-mafters, or tappers, by the faid truftees, and had a&ed as fuch in the feve-ral matters in fuch certificate contained ; and that the perfons therein for that purpofc mentioned, were fecurities for fuch packers, feal-mafters, or iappers refpe&ively ; and that the fine or fines, penalty or penalties therein contained, was pr were duly impofed by the faid truftees ; and that the perfons in fuch certificate mentioned as truftees, were duly appointed trullees for encouraging the linen and hempen ma-Nameofreed nufa&ures of this kingdom.	*

fnaker, weaver, LXXXVI. And that in all complaints, informations* feal matter, fuits, civil bills, or a&ions, to be made, brought, commen-buye^r, bleacher, cecj? or profccuted againft any reed-maker, weaver, manu-per. figiied or' fa&urer of linen cr hempen cloth, feal-mafter, buyer, bleach-marked, full cr, lapper, cr drefl^r, the name of the reed-maker, fitted

3 .......................  :	"	 “

Clerk** certificate evidence of appointment tndading, dec.

evidence, &c.

or

Digitized by kjOOQle

The third Tear of George 11T.	167

or Marked on any reed purfuant to the directions herein A. D. before contained, (hall be full and fufficient evidence, that *7^3-fach reed was made by the perfon, whofe name is figned or Chap. 34. marked thereon; and the name of the weaver or manufac-	.

tarer, figned or marked on any piece of linen or hempen doth, (hall be full and fufficient evidence, that fuch piece	|

was woven or manufactured by the perfon, whofe name is I figned or marked thereon ; and the name of the feal-mafler,

\ figned or marked on any piece of linen or hempen cloth, fttall be full and fufficient evidence, that fuch piece wms foaled by the perfon, whofe name is marked or figned there-	1

on; and that the name of the buyer, wrote on any piece of Knen or hempen cloth, (hall be full and fufficient evidence, that fuch piece was bought by him ; and that the names of ! the bleacher and lapper, figned or marked on any piece of j linen or hempen cloth, (hall he refpe&ively full and fufficient evidence, that fuch piece was bleached and lapped by the perfons refpe&ively, whofe names are figned or marked thereon; and that the name of the diaper, figned or marked on any piece of linen or hempen cloth, (hall be full and [ fafficient evidence, that fuch piece was bleached for the ufc and benefit, and was the property of the perfon, whofe name it figned or marked thereon as the draper.

LXXXVII. And be it enabled by the authority afore- Grand juries laid, That from and after that a convenient piece or parcel Leinfter, of ground, lying and being in the (hire or county town Connaught^ any county within the provinces of Leinllcr, Munfter, and prefent, Connanght, (hall be purchafed, conveyed, or otherwife not above ;ool. affined with the approbation of the grand jury at the affizes wot^'r held for fuch county, to any perfon or perfons, his or their heirs, upon trufl, and to the intent that a publick wrarc- houfe. houfe or market-houfc fliould be ere&cd and built thereon for the lodging in and expofing to fale any flaxen or hempen yam, flax or hemp, flax-feed or hemp-feed, that then it mail and may be lawful to and for the grand jury of fuch county where fuch piece or parcel of ground (hall be fo purchafed, or otherwife aflured, for the ufc and to the intent aforefaid, at the general aflizes to be held in and for fuch county, to prefent any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of three hundred pounds, to be levied, raifed, and paid in the fame and in like manner as other publick money is raifed and paid in fuch county ; and when fuch money is fd raifed and paid, the fame to be applied in the erc&ing and building fuch publick ware-houfe or market-boafo on fuch piece or parcel of ground for the feveral ufes : and purpofes aforefaid; and after fuch ware-houfe or market-lionfo (hall be built and ere&ed, it (hall and may be lawful 1 ts and for the grand jary of the faid county, wherein fuch ware-houfe or market-houfc (hall be fo ere&ed, at the

general

Digitized by v^ooQle

Where the affixes in county of city or town,

if convenient

nimd can be therein, grand juries may prefent It aiordaid.

3 tnd 4 Anne

%. JS,Mg. for exporting Irifh lines djre&ly to the plantations.

continued by i G. i* a6.

The third Year of George III. general affixes to be held in and for fuch county, to prefent a fum, not exceeding the fum of fifteen pounds per annum, for the falary of an officer to attend fuch ware-houfe or market-houfe.

LXXXVIII. And whereas the affixes for fomc counties within the provinces of Leinfter, Munfter, and Connaught* are held within the preein&s or limits of counties of cities, and counties of towns, in places appointed and particularly

!>rovided for that puipofe, and excluded from being part of uch counties of cities, and counties of towns, bv reafon whereof it may happen, that no convenient ground can be purchafed, or otherwife obtained for cre&ing and building fuch ware-houfe or market-houfe in the places, where fuch afiizes are held, fo as to be within the fame county; and in cafe fuch difputes may arife, what town (hall be deemed and taken to be the (hire or county town : to prevent there-, fore fuch inconveniencies, and to obviate all fuch differences, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the refpcc-tive grand juries of fuch counties within the provinces of Leinfter, Munfter, and Connaught, where the affixes are held within the precin&s or limits of any county of a city, or county of a town, if a convenient piece or parcel of ground can be had or obtained in fuch county of a city, or county of a town, by purchafe or other affuranoe to the purpofes aforefaid, may prefent fuch fum or furas of money as aforefaid, for the building and ere&ing fuch publick ware-houfe or market-houfe for the faid ufes and purpofes, and for the falary of the officer attending the fame; and fuch ware-houfe or market-houfe, when built, (hall be efteemed and taken to be the publick ware-houfe and market-houfe of the county ere&ing the fame, in as full a manner as if fuch ware-houfe or market-houfe was built in the (hire-town, and (hall from time to time be repaired by fuch county by presentment of the grand jury, notwithftanding fuch ware-houfe or m3rket-houie lies in a different county ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXXIX. And whereas by an aft of Parliament paffed in England in the third and fourth years of the reign of her late Majefty Queen Anne, intituled, n ad to permit the «c-portation of Irifj linen cloth to the plantations, and to prohibit the importation of Scotch Tinen into Ireland, it was ena&ed, That it fhould be lawful to export' from Ireland dire&ly to the Britifli plantations all forts of white and brown linen cloth, being the proper manufa&ure of Ireland, under the reftri&ions and conditions in the faid a& mentioned, for the term of eleven years j which a A, by one other a& paffed in Great Britain in the firft year of the reign of his late Majefty King Geore the firft, intituled. An ad for continuing feveral laws therein mentioned relating to coals, hemp> a$dfa*n I	Iri/h

Digitized by v^ooQle

The third Year of George III.	169

& jfi W Scotch knew, and the affine of bread, and fir giving	A.	D.

fewer to adjourn the quarterfejjwns for the county of Auglefey9	1763.

fir the purpofcs therein mentioned, was continued for one year, Chap. 34* and from thence to the end of the next feflion of Parliament: — and whereas by one other ad patted in Great Britain in the **** bT third year of the reign of his Ute Majefty King George the ^ firft, intituld, An a£t fir continuing the liberty of exporting ^Viaihllnea Bnen cloth to the Briti/b plantations m America duty free, and iupwted ima fir the more effedual Sfcovery of and profxuting fuck as /boll urn- 1 re«»d duty lawfully export wool and woollen manufaBurts from Ireland, 4ree* and fir relief of John Fletcher in rtfpeS of the duty by him paid for a quantity of fait loA m the exportation for Ireland, it is ena&ed, That the faid recited ad of the third and fourth

years of Queen Anne, fo far forth as the fame relates to the exportation of Irifh linen cloths to the hud Britifh plantations, fhoukl be, and was thereby continued in full force, fo long as the merchants and other perfons of Great Britain were or fhoukl be permitted to import into Ireland free from all duties fuch white and brown Britifh linen doth, as fhould be made and manufactured in Great Britain: and whereat by an ad patted in this kingdom in the fourteenth and Of- by 14 and Iff. teenth years of King Charles the fecond, intituled. An 08 fir fettling the excife or new impojl upon his Majejly, his heirs \r*Uod and fuceejfors, according to the boob of rates therein inferted, all fabjed to 6*. Britifh linen cloth imported into this kingdom, is fubjed to «TCr7 100 *lk an excife or duty of fix fhillings for every hundred ells : and whereas by an ad pafTed in this kingdom, in the faid four- md by 14 teenth and fifteenth years of his laid late Majefty King and 15 C. s. 9. Charles the fecond, intituled. An a3 fir fettling the fubjidy to Amber 6a. of poundage, and granting a fubjidy of tuunage, and other fume of money, unto his royal Majejly, his heirs and fucceffbrs, the fame to he paid upon merchandi%es imported and exported into or out of the kingdom of Ireland, according to a boob of rates thereunto annexed, all Britifh linen cloths imported into this kingdom, were fubjed to a further duty of fix fhillings for every hundred ells: be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Brieilh Han it (hall and may be lawful to and for all merchants and other imported duty

Efon and perfons of Great Britain, to import into this

gdom all fuch white and brown Britifh linen cloth, as is irifh tom or mail be made and manufadured in Great Britain, free, diredly to exempted, and difeharged of and from the duties of fix fhil- •he planted* lings, and fix fhillings for every hundred ells, and all other	^

duties whatfoever, impofed or fet on the fame by the faid $. ads, or any other ad or ads in force in this kingdom, fo loag and during fuch time as it fhall be and continue lawfrd to export from this kingdom diredly to the Britifh plantations all forts of white and brown linen cloths of the ma-

nufadure of this kingdom, on fuch terms, conditions, and lipiitations, as in the faid recited ad of the third and fourth

years

Digitized by CjOOQle

Ifa	'Jit third Tear ^George Iff.

A. D. yean of Queen Anne ate limited and appointed, and n* 1763. longer.

Chap. 34. XC. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, ^^ That when good, found, and merchantable flax-feed of the growth of this kingdom, is or (hall be at five (hillings per itUirl ^)U^« or nnder, every merchant or other perfon, who fhaU ov ttader, put on (hipboard to export, or catde to be exported from the (hipped far port of Dundalk, or any other port of this kingdom fouth-f**** ward of Dnodalk, to any port beyond the fea, any quantity fomhward^	of	the growth of this kingdom, (hall bring' a

and certificate certificate in writing under his or their hand or hands, of the quantity containing the quantity of flax-feed fo (hipped, to the com-on oath, and of guffioners, colle&ore, or other perfons appointed or to be ceived^and appointed for the time being, to colleft the duties and rates bond 2o» per within any fnch port; and upon oath made of the truth of barrel, and fach certificate by any credible perfon before any of the i°l Vtt faid officers, (who are hereby impowered to adminifter the premium p^d ^mc) ***& that the fame is good, found, and merchantable duty frte, as flax-feed of the growth of this kingdom, and that no pre- * drawbacks are mium has been already received for the export of fuch feed, and alfb upon bond given by every fuch merchant or other perfon, in the fare of twenty (hillings for every barrel of fuch feed, and fo in proportion for any greater quantity, that the faid feed is good and merchantable of the growth of this kingdom, and, the danger of the feas excepted, fhaU be exported into parts beyond the feas from the port, where fuch feed (hall be fo (hipped, and (hall not be relanded in any part of this kingdom, every fuch merchant fo (hipping any quantity of fuch feed, making oath, and giving fuch certificate and bonds as aforefaid, (hall have and receive.

dear and free of all duties payable upon the export of flax-feed, the fum of one (hilling per bufhel as a premium for every bufhel of fuch feed, to be paid by fuch officer or officers, and in fuch manner, as drawbacks are ufually paid.

Afcfefflons XCI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-fbr counties, faid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every ^ ju&w*8 of the peace for the feveral and refpe&ive junes charjjfed counties, from whence flax-feed (hall or may hereafter be to inquire-and exported, and they are hereby injoined and required, at preiont on osrh every their quarter feffions to give in charge in open court mark^urjte to the grand jury then afferabled to make enquiry and preferment upon their oaths of the common market-price of fkx-fee^, as the fame fhall be commonly bought and fold in every fuch county; which inquiry, and presentment the faid gi^and jury arc hereby impowered and required to make.

Certificate of	XCI I.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-

prefentment to faid, That fuch presentment (hall be- made* iiv* open-court,* .	and

tti third Tear $f Georg* Ul* m1 (hall be certified by tbc Wd juftioes in writing t* bit Majefty’s chief officer and colle&or of the cuAom for the time being refilling in every fuch port, from whence (itch flax-feed may be exported* and (hall be bang op in fame ppblick place in the cuff nm-honfe belonging to every fabh *h* port to he reforted to by all perfoas bar tbeir * r K,im

t*oo.

L. huo* «p *• cuftii-bt A

XCI1I, Provided alv«y«, Thai if the gn«d jury » on negieA county (haU negkd to make fuck prefentsaent at any of tfmr to prefect, no bid quarter felfions, in fuch cafe no premium (bail be paid Prcm^oin 00 within fuch county upon the aforefaid exportation* until a prefentmetyt (hall be made by the grand jury of fitch couagy at their quarter ft (lions for afeertaining the price of fax-feed within the faid county in manner aforefaid*

XC1V. Provided always, and be it further ena&cd hy Msfcc <* -the authority aforefaid. That no fee or reward whatsoever r*T°ft m (hall be paid to, or received or demanded by, any cuftom-houfe or revenue-officer for or on account of the (hipping, exporting, or landing any fiax-faed of the growth of this kingdom.

XCV. And in older to encourage the exportation of linen »d. fee to

and hempen cloth, and to ascertain and limit the fees pay- °®cer on able thereon, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That of cl^Mr^tbaa from aud after the firil day of AagWt, one thoufand feven 5% ju*cs* hundred and fixty four, there (hall be paid to all or any of	•	*

the patentee officers, or any other officer or officer* of his Majefty’s cuftoms or revenue, their clerks or fatrvaals, for fees, or upon any pretence, or for any ctufo whatsoever* for any cue entry of hnen or hempen cloth of the namhAwe ef this kingdom, that (hall be exported or catered for exportation, containing kfs than fifty eight pieces, oac penny (or each piece and no more ; and foe any one entry containing fifty eight pieces or upwards the fun of four (hillings and WJ^f ten pence and no more, nor more than fix pence for any t0d. certificate of fuch parcels ; and in cafa any officer or offic ers certificate (hall after the day aforefaid demand or receive any greater w fee than as aforefaid, he or they fo offending, being duly convicted thereof upon imli&nieDt or information, fhali in*- forfeit* cm-mediately thereupon forfeit his employment, and be incapar ployment, sod ble ever afterwards of having any office or employment in ddablcd. tiie revenue of this kingdom.

XCV I. Provided always. That information upon oath et 9n *n/or* fuch offence (hall be given, to fome juflice of the peace or 10 * chief magiilrate within their rcfpc&ive jurifdi&iooa, within one month after fuch offence (hall be committed.

XCVIL And whereas divert pexfoas to evade the paying N.cwf,,!#°* duty for foreign failcloth, brought into this kingdom, Xthfoundoa pake the fame up into fails on board their, (hips, and fcc*board (fare

qucotly

Digitized by i^ooQle

The third Tear if George IIT. quently fell the fame to other (hips in the lame port; and often great quantities of fuch foreign failcloth are run, and immediately after to conceal the fame are made up into (ads: for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the authority afore* {aid. That all new fails made of foreign Tailcloth, found on board any (hip or boat, except what are for the ufe of fuch (hip or boat, (hall be liable to the fame duty as if in pieces ; and if fuch fails (hall be landed or put on board any other (hip or boat without having firfl paid the (aid duty, the fame (hall be forfeited; one moiety to his Majefty, his heirs and fucccffors, and the other to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall give information thereof to the commiflioners or fub-com-miflioners of his Majefty’s revenue, who are hereby impow-ered to examine and condemn the fame, in the fame manner as is direfted in the (aid aft of extife, with the like liberty of appeal as is therein mentioned.

CHAP. XXXV.

An A8 to explain and amend the feveral Laws made in this Kingdom for the ejfeSual Prefervation of Salmon Fi/b.

WHEREAS by an aft of Parliament palfed in this kingdom in the thirty firft year of the reign of his Mcittd.	late	Majefty King George the fecond, intituled, An aft to

explain and amend the feveral laws in this kingdom for the effectual prefervation offalmon Jiff, it is among other things enabled, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty eight, no perfon what-foever (hall at any time between the twelfth day of Auguffc and firft day of February in any year fifh in any river with any net, fifhing rod, or other inftrument, or carry on the bank of any river any galf, loop, net, lifter, or lpear, or any other inftrument for killing of falmon, under the penalty of five pounds fterling for fuch offence; and it was thereby alfo further enafted, That every proprietor or farmer of any falmon filhery or other perfon whatfoever, who (hould at any time between the twelfth day of Auguft and firft day of February in any year kill or take, or be aiding, abetting, or acceflary to the killing or taking of falmon in any river, being thereof convifted, (hould for every fuch falmon fo killed or taken forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, and the feveral forfeitures to be fued for, levied, and recovered in fuch manner, as by the faid aft is direfted: but by the laid aft it is provided, that nothing in the faid aft contained (hould extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the rivers Rathmelton, Lackagh, Donegall, Bundroufe, all in the county of ponegall, the river of Sligo, the river Shannon from the fea to the ifland of St. Thomas above the falmon

wycr

for ufe of the veftel) liable to fame duty as in pieces.

condemned as by 14 and

15 C. 2. 8.

Digitized by kjOOQle

Ibi third Tuar $/ George III. wyer belonging to the city of Limerick, the river Boyne,

Loughfctne, the rivers of Lanne and Canrtgh in the county of Kerry, the river Lee which runs to the city of Cork, and the river Bulk in the county of Antrim, the river Newport in the county of Mayo, in which (aid rivers falmon is in feafon throughout the year, but the above mentioned pro-vifoe and exception, that nothing in the (aid a& contained Ihonld extend to the faid rivers, is found very prejudicial to the refpe&ive proprietors and farmers of the laid feveral mas, as they are by the (aid provifoe fo far debarred and prevented from having the benefit of the a& for preferring their mother and fpawning falmon, that the forfeiture of five pounds cannot be levied of people offending in killing the mother or fpawning falmon in the faid refpedtive rivers: for Temedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty by and with the advice and content of the lords „ fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, no perfon whatfoever, except the re-fpe&ive proprietors and fanners of the faid refpe&i ve rivers and falmon fifheries, (hall at any time between the twelfth day of Augufl and the firft day of February in any year filh in any of the faid rivers, or in the river Earae, or fial-mon fifhery of Ballyfhannon, between the twelfth day of Auguft and the firft day of May, with any net, rod, or any other inftrument whereby fifh may be taken or killed, or carry a rod, gaff, loop, net, lifter, or fpear, or any other inUrument, whereby filh may be killed or taken, on the banks of any of die (aid rivers; and if any perfon (hall offend herein, every fuch offender being thereof convicted by confeflion or by the teftimony of any one credible witnels upon oath before fome one juftice of the peace for the county, where fuch often endhall be committed (which oath fuch juftice of the peace is hereby impowered and required to adminifter) (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five pounds fteiiing over and above the boat and nets, the fame to be levied by the warrant of fuch juftice by diftrefs and fide of the offenders goods, and to be paid to the informer or informers; and if no fufficient diftrefs can be found, the offender (hall by the like warrant be committed to the county gaol, there to remain without bail or main-prize for fuch time not exceeding three months, nor lefs than one month, as fuch juftice (hall appoint, unlefs fuch forfeiture (hall in the mean time be paid, in which cafe the offender (hall be enlarged.

II.	And whereas the feveral proprietors and farmers of None, ftve the feveral falmon fifheries within this kingdom in general proprietors are continually difturbed in the property of their laid fe-

veral

Digitized by LjOOQle

A

I>.

rify

fifheries, boats or nets with a foie rope, finks, Ac.

penalty 5I. with the boat, 5ec.

The like of the falmon-filhery of Sligo from the weir to the oyfter ifiand.

In Lo^gh-fbyle proprietors fit thofe employed may fifh.tili fit September.

$%e third Yea* of George III. v«5U fiilnbtt Sfheriea, Und fhdh properties arid falmon tifheriH deftroyed by feVeral perfons on pretence of taking fmatMar and other kinds df fith within the bounds of the faid fertnff* falmon fftheriea throughout this kingdom in general: be If therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from Un<T atfter the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fttty four, no perfon or perfons whatfoever (except the proprietors and fanners of the faid feveral falmon fifheries, and their feveral and refpe&ive fifliermen) (hall make ufe of any boat, or fi(h with any net or nets, of any kind, that hath or (hall have a foale, rope or ropes, with finks of any kind thereunto fixed, or make life of any other inftrument what-foever for taking or killing of falmcn within the limits of the faid feveral falmon fifheries throughout this kingdom ; and if any (except the faid proprietors and farmers, andL their fifhermen by them refpe&ively employed) (hall offend Herein, every fuch offender, being thereof convidted as afore^' faid, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds fterling together With the boat or boats, net or nets, with all and evefy other inftrument made ufe of in committing fuch offence, the fatne to be recovered and difpofed of in manner herein before diredted ; and that the limits and bounds of all and every falmon fifhery in this kingdom is and are hereby deemed and utiderftood to be fuch, as they have been feverally and reflectively held, poffeffed, and enjoyed by the feveral and relpedtive proprietors, and the feveral and refpedtive farmers deriving under them, for thirty one years paft.

III.	And whereas the proprietor and his tenants and farmers of the falmon fifhery of Sligo are continually difturb-ed in the property of the faid falmon fifhery: be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the firft day 01 May, one thoufand feven hundred and iixty four, no perfon whatfoever (except the proprietor, his tenants and farmers, of the falmon fifhery aforefaid) (hall make ufe of any boat, or of any net or nets, that will have a foie rope with finks affixed thereunto, nor of any other inftrument whatsoever, therewith falmon may be taken or killed in the faid rivet from the falmon wyer above the town of Sligo down to the oyfter ifiand; and if arty perfon fhall offend herein, etery* fuch offender for every fuch offence fhall forfeit the fmti of five pounds fterling, together with the boat or boats, net or nets, and all other forts of inftruments ufed by them irt fuch offence, to be recovered and difpofed of in manner herein before mentioned.

IV.	And Whereas in the river of Longhfoyle in the counties of Londonderry, Donegal, and Tyrone, falmon fifh in" the ihonths of July and Auguft are known to be in the greateft plentyandhigheft feafon: be it enabled by the authority afore-laid! That it fhall and may be lawful for the proprietors of the

feveral

Digitized by

Google

Tbr third Tear of George III. icmal fUheries in the feid river of LoUghfoyfe, and forthe jpedons employed by or a&ing under them, to continue to bill until the firft day of September in every year hence-forward, any thing herein before contained to the oontnry thereof in any wile notwithstanding.

*75 A. D.

1763.

CHAP. XXXVI.

An AB for making more convenient tie Approach** to tie City of Dublin by making a neon Turnpike Road on tie South Side, tie Weft Side, and the North Side of tie feud City, to commence at tie Road badt^ from Dublin to Donnybrook, and to terminate at Cavendjfir freet.

WHEREAS the approaches of the city of Dublin	rq^.

are at prefent very inconvenient to his Majefty’s ed by 17 *nd it fubje&s, and the making a new road on the fouth fide, the G- 3* «• '°- f« *• wed fide, and the north fide of the find city will in a great meafure remove fuch inconvenience by opening a foe and eafy communication between the great weftera, fouthern, and northern roads of this kingdom and the different parts of the city of Dublin, whereby great utility and benefit wiQ arife, not only to the inhabitants of the city of Dublin, but to the inhabitants of the feveral adjacent counties, and to the publick in general; the principal avenues leading to the city will thereby be enlaiged, the pavements of the fbxets will be much preferred, and the many obdru&ions therein by carriages in a great meafure removed : but for as much as the feveral purposes aforefeid cannot be anfwered and carried into execution, unfefii provifioa is made by a toll or otherwise for the purchasing or hiring of the feveral proprietors a pafTage through their lands, and for the better enabling the truftecs hereafter named to make a fuffictent and commodious road from, to, and through the places before mentioned, and for keeping the fame in conftant repair for the future : be it therefore -efm&ed by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefect Parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the feme. That for the better making, furveying, ordering, amending, and Truflect nimedL keeping in repair the faid road his grace the lord Primate, the archbifhop of Dublin, lord Chancellor, marquis of Kildare, earl of Meath, earl of Tyrone, earl of Shannon, earl of Mill town, earl of Charlemont, lord Fitz-William, lord Palmerilown, lord Jocelyn, lord Powerfcourt, lord Braba* ton, lord Newtown, lord Boyle, lord Howth, the fpeaker of the houfe of Commons, lord chief juAice' Flood, tho

, dgk.

Digitized by i^ooQle

%j6	Tht	third	Tsar	ef George III.

A. D. right honourable lord chief juftice Afton, lord chief bang 1763. Willes, Arthur Trevor efq, Nathaniel Clements efqmie. Chap. 36. Anthony Malene efquire, William Henry Fortefcue efquit^ Charles Gardiner efquire, fir Compton Domvile barxmest, Hercules Langford Rowley efquire, Benjamin Burton' enquire, Thomas Conolly efquire, fir William Fownes Haro-net, Francis Andrews efquire, Philip Tifdal efquire, Ar£r« Prime Serjeant, Mr. Solicitor General, Henry Monk ^f-quire, John Bourke efquire, Bellingham Boyle efquire, lord mayor, recorder, and (heriffs of the city of Dublin, mem* bers of Parliament for the city and county of Dublin for the time being, Edmond Sexton Pery efquire, colonel Robert Cunningham, Agmoodiftiam Vefey efquire, Henry Mitchell efquire, Anthony Fofter efquire, Redmond Morpes efquire, Mr. ferjeant Patterfon, John Hatch efquire, hotr nourable John Butler efquire, Lucius O’Brien efquire, John Monk Mafon efquire, John Fitzgibbon efquire, Thomas Waite efquire, Thomas Eyre efquire, Thomas Cobbe enquire, Henry Lyons efquire, Hamilton Gorges efquire. Graves Chamney efquire, Thomas Monk efquire, Eyre Trench quire, Arthur Pomeroy, efquire, colonel Richard Fitzgerald* John St* Leger efquire, John Damei efquire, John Magill t£» quire, Maurice Copinger efquire, doftor Clement, colonel Jotoi Pomeroy, Henry Stanford efquire, William Harwood efquire, Thomas Lehunt efquire, Charles O’Hara efquire, Edward Nicholfon efquire, John Pamel efquire, honourable Barry Maxwell efquire, James Smith efquire colleftor of Dublin, James Fortefcue efquire, Michael Dally efquire, Robert Fitzgerald efquire, Peter Holmes efquire, Robert Patrick efquire, and George Hart efquire, and all his Mar jetty’s juftices of the peace for the county of Dublin and the city of Dublin, (hall be nominated, conftituted, and appointed truftecs for making and keeping in repair the laid road, and for putting into execution the feveral powers and authorities mentioned and contained in this aft.

Truftees em- II. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That powered to the faid truftees, and fuch other perfon or perfons as (hall make a Circular hereafter bc appointed truftees in purfuance of this aft, or any feven or more of them, (hall have full power and authority, and they are hereby authorized, and impowered,and required, to open and make and to keep in repair, during the term hereafter mentioned, a new road on the fouth ide, the weft fide, and north fide of the faid city, to begin and commence at the little bridge oppofite the north weft angle of lord chief juftice Afton’s wall upon the road lading from Dublin to Donnybrook, from thence to a pair of ftone piers leading unto Swan’s Gardens upon the Mijltows toad, from thence to croft the Rathminea road leaving rorto-

bdfo

Digitized by L.ooQle

The third Tear tf ’GeorgtllT. bcbo oa the fautb, from thence thro’ Caftlcmg kpe* rate A. D. ILdbfarnham road, from thence through Roper’s Reft, War 1763. topic fields, Rahobcr lane, into Dolphin’s bam road, from Chap. 36. thence through the commons of Kilmainham to the houfc called Fox’s houfc, from thence to Golden bride on the road leading from Kilmainham to the turnpike on the Rathcoofe road, and from Golden-bridge in a (freight line to the road leading from Dublin to Inchicore, and from thence to croft the river Anna Lifter, and to be continued to the road lead* log from Dublin to Fmglafs, in foch di red ion. at the faid traftees or any fifteen or more of them (hall deem mod coUh venientfor the publick, and lead injurious to private'pro* perty, and to be continued acrofs the (aid road into Me Do* mil’s lane kadiag into Dorfet-ftreet, and from thence to proceed in a (freight line into Cavendifh ftrtet, and to opes a padage to make wide the (aid lane, and all other parts of the (aid road. In fuch manner as they the faid truiWcs or any feren or more of them (hall think moil convenient 3 which (aid roads, and the (aid lane fo to be made wide aed opened, (hall be iixty feet wide at the lealt; and for that purpofe the faid trudees may and are hereby authorized tad impowered to pull down and remove fuch buildings and into the (aid road fuch parts of the lands and grounds through which the (aid road (hall pafs as they or any (even, or more of them (hall think neceflary, firft making rca* fonable (atisfadion to the perfon who (hall fuftain anyr damage thereby, in fuch manner as is hereafter ancar1 tioned.

III. Provided, That no dwelling houfes or offices or Confect of garden thereunto belonging (hall be immediately pulled down owners, or palled through without the content of the owner or owners.

IV Provided always, That no part of the new intended* Content of road from the road leading to Inchicore and ending in Ca~lor<l Paknerfa* vendifh ftreet, (hall be carried through any part of the ef-ttt<i hdoakm tate of the right honourable the lord Palmerftowa or oi Henty Monk efquire without their consent or the contest of the refpedive heirs previoufly had, the (aid lord Palmer** down and Henry Monk being the only perfoas-who have* petitioned againfl the faid heads of a biU.	*

V.	Provided always That it (hall and may be kwftth Mortgages of for the faid trultees to make dillin£t and feparatc mortgages-T of the tolls of the fouthern and northern line, and aho to

carry on the (ame as different works, and by and out of	J

diftind and feparate funds, if they (hah think proper.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore* Tolls to kg faid. That the faid trudees or a$y feven or more of them,

or fuch perfon or periods as they or any fcYen or more of Vol. V.	M	them.

Digitized 5y v^ooQle

’I ft	The third Tear of George III.

A. £.	them fhall authorize and appoint, (hall and may eredfc, or

1763.	caufe to be ertfted one or more gate or gates, turnpike or

Chap. 36. turnpikes, in, upon, or acrofs any part or parts of the (aid roads or lanes, and alfo a toll houfe or toD-houfes, and there (hall demand, receive, and take the tolls and duties following, before any horfe, mare, or gelding, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chair, waggon, wain, cart, carr, or other carriage (hall be permitted to pafs the fame, m; for evety coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, drawn ,	by fix horfafcof beads of burthen, or more, the fum of one

(hilling 5 aod for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaiTe, or chair drawn by lefs number than fix and more than two, the fum of nine pence ; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair drawn by two horfes fix pence ; for every wain, cart, or carriage with four wheels, the fum of two fhillings and fix pence 5 for every wain, cart, or carriage with two wheels, having more than one horfe, mare, gelding, or beaft of burthen, the fum of three pence ; for every carr, or other carriage having but One horfe, mare, gelding, or beaft of burthen, the fum of one penny halfpenny ; for every horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen and not drawing, one penny; for every drove of oxen or neat cattle the fum of ten pence per fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefter number; for every drove of calves, hoggs, fheep, or lambs, the fum of five pence per fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer number ; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, every cart, carr, or other carriage, and for every horfe, mule, or other beaft, and all cattle travelling on Sundays at any time between funrife and funfet, double the toll, to which they are hereby made liable on any of the other fix days; which faid refpe&ive fum and Turns of money fhall be demanded and taken in the name of or as a toll or *	duty } and the money fo to be raifed as aforefaid is and fhall

hereby be veiled in the faid truftees; and the fame and every part thereof (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of, and alfigned to and for the feveral ufes, intents, and purposes, and in fuch manner, as is herein after mentioned and dire&ed 5 and the faid truftees are hereby impowered by themfelves, or any perfon or perfons by them or any feven ' -	or more of them under their hands and feals thereunto au-

Tollsmiybe thorized, to levy the toll or duty hereby required to be levied by dif- paid upon any perfon or perfons, who (hall>after demand made thereof negleft or refufe to pay the fame, by diftrtfs of any horfe or horfes, or any cattle or goods, upon which fuch f	toll or duty is by this act impofed, or upon any other of

the goods and chatties of fuch perfon or perfons why ought to pay the fame* and may detain and keep the fame, until fuch toll or duty with the reafonable charges of fuch dif-,	I	training

Digitized by

Google

Yht third Yc*r •/ George III.	iyq

training or keeping (hall be paid; and it /hall and may be A. D. lawful to and for fuch perfon and perfons fo diftraining, af- 1765. ter the fpace of five days after fucb di lire fa made and taken, Chap. to fell the goods fo diftrained, returning the overplus (if any be) upon demand to the owner thereof, after fuch toll, duty, and reafonablc charges for diftraining and^eeping the fame, /hall be dedu&ed and paid.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the Tolls authority aforefaid, That no perfon (hall be liable to pay only ootc a day. toll more than once, who (hall pafs, repafs, or return through all or any of fuch turnpikes to be ere&ed by the authority of this ad the fame day, to be computed from twelve of the dock at night to twdve of the clock in the fucceeding night, with the fame coach or other carriage, horfe, or ether cat* tie, and fhall produce a ticket, that the toll was paid at any of the (aid turnpikes, which note or ticket the receiver or receivers, colledor or colledors, is and are hereby re* quired to give gratis upon receipt of the laid toll; and if any perfon having paid toll, and having fuch note or ticket as is hereby direded to be given, /hall give, offer, or difpofe of the fame to any other periou or perfons, or (hall alter the fame in order to avoid the payment of any of the /aid tolls,. . Penalty on every fnch perfon giving, offering, dii'pofing, or altering of fuch note or ticket, and the perfon receiving and making	*

ufe thereof, /hall rcfpedivdy forfeit and pay the fura of ten (hillings.

VIIL And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Dtfpofrlof *i*id. That out of the firft money arifing from the profits of money trifing the feveral turnpikes fo to be ereded, or out of any money fromto^ borrowed or to be borrowed on the credit of this ad, the (aid truftees, or any feven or more of them, /hall firft pay and difeharge the expence of procuring this ad of Parliament, and of making the faid new road, and of paying for the purchafe of grounds and houfea, and of making compcn-fation for damages, at by this ad is direded, and of ered-ing fuch turnpike or turnpikes, or building fuch toll houfe or toll houfes ; and from and after fuch charges and expences (hall be fully fatisfied and paid, that then and from thenceforth the profits arifing and the toll to be colleded at each and every fuch turnpike or turnpikes, to be ereded and fet upon the (aid new road, (hall be applied for and towards the repair of the faid road only, and not otherwife.

IX; And be it further enaded by the authority afore- P^ws af /aid, That the feveral truftees herein before named, or any l^cc^° C0Um feven or more of them, (hall be and are hereby authorised T 9 mid impowered from time to time to treat, con trad, and agree with the feveral owners, proprietors, occupiers of and perfons intcrefted ia any lands, tenements, houlcs; buddings, grounds, or hereditaments for the purchafe there-

Ms	of,

Digitized by CjOOQle

perfons empowered to COtl«r tract with truf-tcei.

Duty of truf-teeswhen perfons concerned refufe to treat for lands, &c.

The third Tear of George III. of, or by way of annual rent for the fame, or otherwife, as the faid refpeftive truftees or any feven or more of them ftiail think fit, and likewife for the lofs or damage fuck owner*, proprietors, occdpiers, and perfons interefted, or any of them, fhall or may any ways refpeftively fuftain by fudih opening^ making, and repairing the faid new intend^ rpad 5 tmd out of the tolls collcfted or to be colle&ed bjr virtue of this aft, or out of any money borrowed or to be bo**-rowed on the credit of this aft, to pay for the purchafe of fuch lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, or for fuch lofs or damage, fuch fum or fums of money or annual rent, as fhall be agreed upon between fuch owners, proprietors, occupiers, and perfons interefted as aforefaid, and the faid refpeftive truftees, or any feven or more of them refpeftively, and alfo the cofts and charges attending fuch agreements and purchafes refpeftively.

X* And be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, and all feoffees in truft, executors, adminiftrators, guardians, committees, or other truftees what foe ver, for or on behalf of any infants, femes covert, lunaticks, ideots, or ceftui que trufts, and for all and every perfon or perfons whomfoever, who are or fhall be feized, poffeffed of, or interefted in any wife in any fuch lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, to treat, contraft, and agree with the faid refpeftive truftees or any (even ox more of them for the purchafe of fuch lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, through which fuch new intended road fhall pafs, or of their intereft therein for the purpofes aforefaid, and to fell and convey the fame to the faid truftees, or to fuch perfon or perfons in truft for them, in fuch manner as the (aid refpeftive truftees, or any five or more of them, fhall direft, and as occafipn fhaH be and require; and all contrafts, agreements, fales, and conveyances, which fhaH be fo made, ihull be valid to all intents and purpofes, any law, ftatute, ufage, or any other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding ; and aH feoffees in truft, executors, adminiftrators, guardians, committees, and truftees, corporations,’ aggregate or foie, and all other perfons are and fhall he’ hereby indemnified, for what they fhall do by virtue of or in purfuance of this aft.

XI.	And- be it further enafted by the authority.aforefaid, That if any fuch owner, proprietor, occupier, truftee or truftees, committee or committees, bodies politick, cor-’ porate, or collegiate, aggregate or foje, or any other perfon or perfons in any wife interefted in any fuch lands, tene-

*	ments*

Digitized

by Google

lie third Tear ef George III. meats buildings, houfes, grounds or hereditaments upon A. ' D. lourteen days notice to them given, or left in writing at the 1763. dwelling houfe or houfes or place or places, of abode of Chap. 36. fuch perfon or perfons or of the head officer or officers of fuch body politick, corporate, or collegiate, aggregate, or foie, or at the houfe of the tenant in pofleffion of fuch lands tenements houfes, buildings grounds and hereditaments {hall negle& or refufe to treat, or (hall not agree for the pur-chafe of any fuch lands, tenements houfes, buildings grounds, and hereditaments or any part or parts thereof, or for their intereft therein, or for any annual rent to be paid for the fame, or by reafon of abfence (hall be prevented from treating as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the (aid refpe&ive truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall cauie it to be inquired into and afcfrtained by and upon the oath of a jury of twelve indifferent men of the county of Dublin (which oath any three or more of fuch refpe&ive truftees are hereby impowered and required to adminiftcr) what damages will be fuftained by, and what recompence ana fetisfa&ion (hall be made to, fuch owners, occupiers, or proprietors, er other perfon or perfons interefted for or upon account of the opening or making fnch road ; and in order thereunto the faid refpe&ive truflees or any feven or more of them refpe£ively, are hereby impowerea and required from time to time, as there (hall be occafion, to fummon and call before the faid jury and examine upon oath all perfons whatfoever, who (hall be thought nccellary or proper to be examined .as witneffes touching or concerning the pre-mifles* (which oath any three or more of fuch refpe&ive truftces are hereby impowered and required to adminiftcr)	f

and. If any of the parties interefted (hall requeft the fame,

(hall alfo caufe the faid jury to view the place or places in queilion, and (hall ufe all other lawful ways and means as well far their own as for the faid juries better information in the premiffes in fuch manner as they the (aid refpe&ive troftees or any feven or more of them refpe&ively fhafl think .fit; and after the laid jury (hall have fo inquired of, ascertained, and fettled fuch damage and recompence, they the (aid truftees or any feven or more of them (hall thereupon ct'er and adjudge the fum or Aims of money, fo aflefted by the jury for fuch purchafes or fuch annual rents as aforefaid, to be paid to the perfons interefted in fuch lands, tenements buddings, houfes, grounds or hereditaments, according to the verdi& and inquifition of fuch jury ; which faid verdict or inquifition, and the order and adjudication fo had and made, ffiall be final and conclufive to all intents and purpofes againft all parties or perfons whatfoever claiming m poffeffi-on, rererfion, remainder, or otherwife, their heirs, executors or admmiftrators, and fucceflbrs rcfpe&ivcly, as well

abfcnt

Digitized by OooQle

Cfcillenges

The third Year of George III. abfent as prefent, infants, femes covert, lunaticks, tdeots, and perfons under any other difability whatfoever* bodies politick* corporate, or collegiate, aggregate, or foie, as well a8 other perfon or perfons whomfoever; and all and every fuch owners* occupiers, and proprietors, and all and every perfon and perfons interefted in fuch lands, tenements, buildings, houfes, grounds* or hereditaments, fo purchafed as aforcfaid, fhall thereby be from thenceforth to all intents and purpofes divcfled of all right, claim, intereft, or property of, in, to, or out of the fame ; and for the fummoning and returning of fuch jury s|nd juries the faid refpe&ive truftees, or any feven or more of them, are hereby impowered from time to time to ifTue their warrant or warrants to the fheriff of the faid county, thereby requiring him to iropa nel, fummon, and return an indifferent jury of twenty four perfons to appear before the faid refpeftive truftees, or any feven or more of them, at fuch time and place as in fuch warrant (hall be appointed, of which time and place all parties interefted (hall have fourteen days notice, given or left in manner aforefaid; and the faid fheriff is hereby required to impannel, fummon* and return fuch twenty four perfons accordingly, and out of the perfons fo impannelfed, fummoned, and return* cd, or out of fuch of them as fhall appear -according to or upon fuch fummons, the faid truftees or any feven or more of them fhall caufe to be fwom twelve, who fhall be the jury for the purpofes zforefaid; and for default of a fuf* cient number of jury men the faid fheriff (hall return fo many of the (landers by, as fhall be neceffary to make up the number of twelve to ferve on fuch jury.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed ty the

againft jurymen, authority aforefaid, That all perfons concerned (hall from C' '	time	to time have their lawful challenges (but not to chal-

lenge the array of the pannell) againft any of the faid jurymen, when they come to be fworn ; and the faid refpec-tive truftees, or any feven or more of them, a&ing in the premiffes (hall have power from time to time to impofe any reafonable fine or fines on fuch fheriff, bailiffs, or agents, making default in the premiffes, and on any of the perfons * that (hall be fummoned and returned on fuch jury, and fhalP not appear or refufe to be fworn on the faid jury, or tp give their verdidl in any manner, wilfully negle&ing their duty therein contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a6l, and on any of the perfons, who, being required tp give evidence touching the premiffes, (hall refvife to be examined or give evidence, and from time to time to iffue their warrant to levy fuch fine and fines of the goods and chatties of fuch perfon and perfons fo fined, fo as that no fich fine (hall exceed the fum of forty (hillings upon any one perfon for any one offence.

XIII. Provided

Digitized by Google

TbtVnrd Tear 9J George Ilf.	18	j

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by' A. D. the authority aforefaid, That the recompence or fatisfa&ion, 1763. which (hall be made to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, Chap. 36. bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporations ag-

gregate or foie, or any other perfon or perfons whofe lands **ow P*7’ are Hmitted in ftri& fettle men t, their heirs, executors, ad-	**

numerators, or fucceflors, iffue, or leflee refpedtively for the ground, Ac. ground, which (hall be taken by the faid truftees in order to make fuch road af aforefaid, may be by way of annuity or annual rent, or by the fum to be paid in grofs, either out of the tolls, or the money to be borrowed on the faid tolls, at the diferetion of the faid tr uftees or any feven or more of them.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- AH fuch mo-faid. That all fuch fums of money, confideration, rent, re- nc7 compence, or fatisfe&ion, as (hall be agreed for or aflefled

as aforefaid for the purchafe or hire of fuch ground, fo to be taken and made part of the faid new road, (hall be, and is, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon the tolls belonging to the faid new road, and (hall be paid thereout, or out of the moneys borrowed upon the credit of the fame, to the nefpe&ive perfons intitled thereto 5 and that upon payment of fuch fum or fums which (hall be fo affefled for fuch huid4 to be purchafcd as aforefaid, or tender thereof and rc-fufal to accept the fame, or in cafe any fuch perfon or perfons after fix days notice to be given to him, her, or them, or left at the houfe of the occupier of the premifles, (hall trJ^7whcrs refiife or negle& to receive the fame, then, upon leaving perfons refufc the fame in the hands of the treafurer to the faid refpe&ive to receive mo* truftees to be paid upon demand to foch perfon or perfons, ne7> *c* or after fuch annuity or annual rent (hall be fo aflefled as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid refpc&ivc truftees, or any feven or more of them, their fucceflors, woikmen, or agents, to take down fuch houfes, buildings, and tenements, and to lay the ground whereon the Fame were ere&ed, and alfo fuch other grounds, lands, or hereditaments as aforefaid, or fuch part thereof as they (hall think fit, into the faid new road, and to do all and every fuch a&, matter, and thing with relation to fuch lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, and to ditch, drain, and fence out the fame, as the faid refpcc-tivc truftees or any feven or more of thorn (hall think fit for carrying this a<ft into execution ; and fuch lands, tenements, grounds, and hereditaments, after the money fo con-traded and agreed for, or fo aflefled and adjudged, for fuch purchases as aforefaid, (hall be paid, tendered, or left, as herein dire&ed, and after the faid premHTes (hall be fo ditched, drained, and fenced, or fuch part thereof as the faid ti uftees or any feven or more of them (hall direct, (hall to all intents and purpofes whatfoever become and be a common highway, and (hall be repaired and kept in repair in iuch

manner.

Digitized by L300Q le

£84.	The third Tear of Georg#![I.

A. D. manner, as is herein before and hereafter authorized arid 1763. direfted.

Chap. 36.	XV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

K****~>r~^J That the faid annuities or animal rents, fo to be agreed for Payment of or affefled as aforefaid, (hall be paid from time to time, ad annual rents.	^me	become	due,	out	of the tolls of the faid

road by quarterly payments, and in the firil place to the perfon or perfons who fhaji be intitled thereto, the firft payment thereof to begin and be made at thqend of three calendar months next after fuch ground (hall be taken by the faid truftees as aforefaid; and 'fuch perfon dr perfons (hall during the continuance of this aft have the fame eftate and intereft in fuch annuities or annual rents, as they would have had in the faid ground, in cafe this aft had never been made 5 and in default of payment thereof by the faid truf-tees within thirty days after the fame (hall become due, be-1	ing demanded of tlie treafurer or treafurers for the time be-

ing of the faid refpeftive truftees, it (hall and may be lawful for the perfon or perfons, who fhall from time to time be * intitled to the faid annuities, or annual rents, or any of them, to commence or profecute one or more aftions at law on the cafe or in debt againll the treafurer or treafurers of the (aid road on account of fuch annuity or annual rent, and fhall and may upon fuch aftion or aftions recover the money then due together with his, her, or their full cofts of fuit, and have fuch remedies for the fame, as are allowed by law in other cafes; which faid money and cofts fo recovered, when paid, fhall be allowed to fuch treafurer in his account with the faid refpeftive truftees.

Penalty on XVI. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-

fuffering perfons That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever owning, to pafs through .	1	-	.	*,	.	. -t °

gates, ut.	renting, or occupying any land near unto any turnpike to

be erefted in purfuance of this aft, fhall for gain reward, or ofherwife wittingly or willingly permit any perfon or perfons whatfoever to pafs through any gate, paffage, or way with any coach, berlin, calafti, chaife, or chair, waggon, wain, cart, carr, carriage, or riding or driving any horfe, afs, or mule, or any fort of cattle, and be thereof convifted upon oath before the faid truftees, or any (even or more of them, or before any one juftice of the peace for the county of Dublin, (hall forfeit and pay to the truftees, authorized to put this aft in execution the fum of ten (hillings to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods by warrant under the hand and feal or under the hands and feals of the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or fuch juftice of the peace, rendering the overplus to the owner, if any be, the charges of taking and difpofing of the laid goods being firft dedufted.

*	^	^	XVII, And

Digitized by L.ooQle

Tbi third Yt*r George Ilf.	flj

XVII.	And be it Anther enaded by the Authority afore* A. D. hud. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the find 1763. frnltees or any fcwn or more of them to efed one or more Chap. 36. gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, on die fide of the

(aid highway or roads croft any lane or way leading out of Ostct may be the (aid road, „ and toll houfe and toll houfes, and there to receive and take fuch toll as is appointed by this ad to be tonc** *' dhfcen ; fo as the fame do not extend to any of the great roads now leading into the city of Dublin, nor to create a double charge in cafe of pacing through anj other of the turnpikes to be ereded by virtue of this ad between the city of Dublin and any of the adjacent coun* ties.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority a trvsforer afbrefiud. That the laid truftees or any feven or more of ■tty be appuiat-them on their firft meeting or any fucceeding meeting by fj** Wllh * ^ writing under their hands and fcals may eled, nominate, and ****' appoint a fit perfon to be trrafurer of the (aid road, who

is to receive the money from the coDedors of the (aid tolls, and to account for the ftme with the (aid truftees or anr (even or more of theur, and to appoint a falary for foch treafurcr payable out of the faid tolls, not exceeding the fum of forty pounds fterling by the year, for his trouble in fuch office.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further euaded by the food. Wear!*' authority afbrefaid, That the laid truftees, or any feven or *7 {or tieafurtr. more of them, (hall and they are hereby required to take

one thoufand pounds fecurity for fuch trrafurer, fo to be appointed by this ad, for the doe executioo of this office.

XX.	And be it further euaded by the authority afoiefirid, Tnrffoes map

That the (aid truftees or aay (even or more of them at their appoint collec* firft meeting or any fucceeding meeting by writing under	**

their hands and foals (hall andmayeled, nominate, and appoint remow fath: one or more fit perfon or perfons to be receiver or receivers,

colledor or colle&ors, of fuch money m the name of fuch toll or duty, as (hall be due and payable by virtue of this ad, and alfo one or more Ik perfon or perfons to be for-veyor or furreyors to fee the condition of the find highway or road, and to fee that the feme be repaired or amended, and that the money anting and expended by virtue of this ad be duly applied, and from time to time to remove foch treafurer, collcdors, receiver^ and furveyors, or any of them, as they (haD fee occafion, and appoint new ones in cafes of death or of foch removal; and (uch perfon orper-(ons,as nor are by this ad liable to pay thefirid toll or duty, is and are hereby required to pay the fame after the rates a-ferefoid to the (aid receiver or receivers, eoUe&or or colledora,

Digitized by L,ooq le

Duty of receivers and Amreyors:

Trnftees to make allowance to receivers, fur-veyors, &c.

)

Defaulter! may be committed.

The third Year of George III. of the laid toll and duty in that behalf from time to tune appointed as aforefaid; and the faid perfon and perfons fo ap-' pointed as aforefaid for receiving the faid toll or duty, and all furveyor or furveyors as aforefaid, fhall upon oath, if thereto required by the trnftees or any feven or more of them, or before any. juftice of the peace refiding near the highway or road aforefaid, (which oath the faidtruftees or any three or more of them, or fuch Juftice of the peace, is and arc hereby impowered and required to adminifter) on the firft Tuelday in every month, or oftener if required, during the continuance of this ad give in a true and perfect account in writing under their refpedive hands of all monies, which he, and they, and every or any of them, fhall to fuch time have received, paid, and difburfed by virtue of this a<d by reafon of their refpedive offices, for which oath no fee or reward fhall be taken ; and in cafe any money fo received fhall remain in their or any of their hands, the fame fhall be paid to the faid truftees or any feven or more of them, or to the faid treafurcr of the (aid road fo appointed by them as aforefaid, which fums fhall be laid out and difburfed in amending the faid highway or roads according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, and not otherwife; and the faid truftees or any five or more of them, to whom fuch account fhall be given, fhall and may out of the money arifing by the faid toll or duty make fuch allowance unto the faid receiver or receivers, colledor or colledors, and the furveyor or furveyors, for and in confideration of his and their care and pains refpedively taken in the execution of his and their office and offices, and to fuch other perfon or perfons who have been or fhall be affifting in and about procuring the faid highways and roads to be amended and repaired by advancing and laying out any money or otherwife relating thereunto, as to them fhall feem good; and in cafe the faid receiver or receivers, colledor or colledors, of the aforefaid toll or duty, or any of them, fhall not make fuch account and payment unto fuch treafurer as aforefaid, that then any two dr more juftices of the peace of the faid county of Dublin fhall 3t the inftance and requeft of the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or of the faid treafurer, make enquiry of and concerning fuch default as well by conftffion of the faid parties themlelves as by the tefU* mony of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes upon oath, which oath they are hereby impowered and required to adminifter without fee or reward ; and if any perfon or perfons fhall be convidcd thereof by fuch juftices, the faid juftices fhall upon fuch convidion commit the party or parties to the common gaol of the county, where fuch offence fhall be committed, there to remain without bail or main*.

'	prize

Digitized by L,ooQle

The third Tear tf George III.	1S7

prize until he or they (hall have made a true and perfeA A. D. account and payment as is aforefaid.	1763.

XXI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Chap. 36. (aid. That it (hall and may he lawful to and for the faid furveyoror furveyors, and fuch perfon andperfona as he or Power*to they (hall appoint, to dig, raife, gather, take, and carry	S^L

away any gravel, furze, fand, dones, or other materials but Lod,ic^ of 1 any wade or common of any parifh, town, village, or hamlet, in or near which any founderous or ruinous placet of the (aid highways or roads do lye, and for want of fuf* ficient gravel, furze, (and, (lones, or other materials there to dig, gather, raife, take, and carry away the fame out of the wade or common of any neighbouring parifh, town, village, or hamlctt without paying any thing for the fame ; and where there is not fufRcient of fuch materials in any common or wade grounds neai adjoining, it (hall and may be lawful by order of the faid trudees, or any five,or more of them, to dig, raife, and gather the (ame in the feveral grounds of any perfon or penons, not being a garden, orchard, yard, or meadow, planted walk or walks, or avenue to a houfe, where any fuch materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry away fuch and fo much thereof, as the faid furveyor or furveyors in their refpeftive {daces (hall judge necefiary for the repairing and amending the faid highways or roads, paying fuch rates for fuch ma-terials to the owner or occupier of the ground, from which the fame (had be digged, raifed, gathered, and carried away, as the trudees appointed to put this aft in execution (hall adjudge reafonable ; and in cafe of any difference be- Difference tween fuch owner or occupier and the (aid trullecs touching detn mined by the damage aforefaid the judices of the peace at the next j«d*«. general quarter feflions to be held in an for the county of Dublin may and (hall adjudge, affefs, and finally determine the fame.

XXII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid trudees or any (even or more of ^ them may borrow money on the credit of the tolls to them granted by this aft, and may apply the fame in defraying the expences of obtaining and carrying this act into execution, and afiign over the faid toll or any part thereof by writing under their or any feven or more of their hands and feals for any time or term during the continuance of this ad as a feclirity for any fum or (urns of money to be advanced or lent to him on the credit thereof, payable to fuch perfon and perfons who (hall fo lend the fame, with fuch rate of intered, not exceeding the legal intered by the hundred, as the faid trudees or any feven or more of them , Ml by writing under their bands and fcals promifc or agree

to

/

Digitized by v^ooQle

Tht third ftar George III. to pay for thlt (kid money fo to be borrowed on the credit of the laid tolls; which ititereft fball be paid half yearly by the treafurer of the laid road according to the agreement of the (aid truftees, or any feven or more of them, as afbfc-fhid.

N6 buildings XXIII. And be it further enafted by the authority ImttoUhomes aforefaid, That no part of the land*, which (hall be; pur-wi n 25 eet,	by	the	authority	of	this aft for making any part of

(he faid road, or any part of the lands through which the faid road (hall pafs, (hall be* made ufe of for the erefting’ of any building whatfoever, other than of fuch toll houfes as aor within 80	maybe erected by order of the hud truftees ; and that no

fctt, except	building whatfoever except fuch toll houfe (hall be ere6led

u herein. within twenty five feet of the (aid road on either fide ; and (hat no building whatfoever, except houfts whofe walls (hall be feventeen feet high at the leaft, and built of done or brick whb lime, mortar, and well fafhed and dated, (hall be erefted within eighty feet of the faid road on either (ide ; provided that this (hall not extend to the neceflary offices and inclofures belonging to fuch houfe; and that no part of the (aid new road (hall be paved without a warrant firft obtained for that purpofe under the hands and feals of the faid truftees or any feven or more of them; and if any fuch buildings (hall be hereafter erefted, or if any part of fuch new road (hall be paved, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, the lame (hall be deemed common nui-fances.

to hoW places0t	XXIV- And be it farther enacted by the authority

of tftift.	afarefaid,	That	no	perfon	or	perfons keeping any inn, ale-

houfe, or other houfe of publick entertainment, or who (hall fell ale, wine, brandy, or other fpirituons liquors, (hall be capable of taking, holding, or enjoying any place or places or truft or profit under this aft.

Toll for 4t XXV. And he it further enafted by the authority afore-jfo*^64*	That	the	toll	or	duty	hereby granted (hall take place

7i	kaTC	con^nnancc	on]y	from and after the firft day of

May in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, and during the term of forty one years.

Truftees may XXVI. And be it farther enafted by the authority afore-eleft in place of faid, That for the continuing a fufficient number of fit and fijeh as die, tsV. ayc p^fo^ to be truftees for putting in execution all and every the powers in this aft contained and for and during the continuance thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, upon the death of any of the faid truftees, or removal, or refusing to aft in the faid truft, by any writing or writings under their hands and feals from time to time and at all times

hereafter

73* third r^r y Gkofp HI. fcae^tcr dppag the term a&icbid tp ded, noaiflttc, and appoint ia the room of fuck irufcce or truftees 1o decoded, rumored, or refuting to ad, Co many more fit and able person or perfoos, living in the bid county of Dublin or chy of Dublin, to be joined with the bid truftces in the execution of. all and every the power and powers in them repofed by. virtue of this ad j and aft and every ^erfoo or periods fo to be cbofen truftee or truftee^ to join m putting this ad fo execution (hall and may, and they are hereby impovyer?d to, adto all intents and purpofes in as full, large, and ample manner, as the bid truftces are by this ad impowered to do spd fo touts fmttks as often as occafion ball be or require.

XXVII.	And be it fiirther ended by the authority __________________

aforelaid, That the bid trufteca,or any (even or more of them, trtftccs, (hall meet at Kilmainham in the county of Dublin the firft day of June in the year of our Lord one thoubnd (even hundred and (ixty four $ and the bid truftces baft then adjourn themfelvcs, and afterwards meet there or at any other

6: or places near the bid intended new road, as the bid ces or any feven or more of them baO think proper or. convenient, as often as it fhaH be occcfiary for putting thin aft in execution ; and if k (haB happen, that these (hall not appear at any meeting which (hall be appointed to be had or. held by the bid truilees, a fufficsent number of trailed to, aft at fuch meeting, and to adjourn to any other day, then and in fuch cafe the clerk or treafuier to the bid truftcen by notice in writing to he affixed at the refpedive galea or turnpikes at lead ten days before the next meeting, (hallr appoint the bid truftces to meet at the houfet where the meedngof the bid truftces was laft appointed to be held, on at fomc other convenient boufe near the bid intended new; road, on fuch day as (hall be mentioned in the (aid notice ; and the (aid truftces at their firft meeting and at all their, fubfequent meetings (hall defray their own charges and ex-

Mntispal

pcnces.

XXVIIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded by Tniftees not the authority aforebid. That no perfon or perfoos, ap- to bold places of pointed or to be appointed truftces for putting this ad m P™"** execution, (hall have or accept of any place of profit arif-iog out of or by reafon of the toll or duty by this ad laid or granted, but fuch perfon or perfoos baill be incapable from the time of accepting and continuing to enjoy fuch place of profit of ading as a truftee.

XXIX. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Truftees msy (aid, That the (aid truftees, or any feven or more of them, have tta road M'have full power and authority to caufe ftch part or waUrcd> c# parti of the bid new road to be well watered, when there

(hall

3

Digitized by LjOOQle

-Suit* within 6 m«ntht, in Dublin;

.Defendant to p&ad central iffue, dec.

The third Year ef George I IT. ihall be oecafion, and to be done in filch manner as the faid tniftees or any feven or more of them (hall direft, and to defray the expences arifing thereby out of the tolls coUe£b-ed or to be collefted by the authority of this aft, any thing-herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not-* withftanding.

XXX. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That if any fuit (hall be commenced againft any per-fon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of thisa£k, that in every fuch cafe the aftion or fuit (hall be commenced within fix calendar months, next after the faft (hall be committed, and not afterwards; and (hall be laid in the faid county of Dublin, and not elfewhere ; and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion or aftions to be brought (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft ; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done or that fuch aftion or fuit was brought after the time before limitted, or in any other county 01 place than in the faid county of Dublin, that then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants ; and upon fuch verdift, or if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited or difeontinue his aftion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if on any demurrer judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

A publick XXXI • And be it further enafted by the authority afore-a6t,	faid, That this aft (hall be demed, adjudged, and taken

to be a publick aft, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever without fpecially pleading the lame.

The

Digitized by CjOOQle

the fifth Tear •/George IU. Tht Fifth Year of GEORGE IIL

CHAP. V.

An Act for afeertammg the Duty of Excj/e payable upon the Importation of Brandy , Rum, and Geneva*

YTTHEREAS by an ad made in the fourteenth and 14 and 15 ** fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the 8. re-fecond, intituled, An aff for the fettling of the exdfe or new {1^/^ 'mpojl upon his Majefiy, his heirs and fuceejfors, according to the gaUoo was hook of rates therein inferted, there was laid upon every gal- laid on fplrks Iqb of (pints made of wine or cyder imported the rate and	or

duty of four pence; and upon every gallon of ftrong waters ^ perfeftly made, imported from beyond Teas, the rate and ftrong waters duty of twelve pence: and whereas fome doubts have been perfectly made and raifed concerning certain liquors imported into ““dc. this kingdom, called brandy, rum, and geneva, whether the feme (hould pay the rate and duty laid by the faid aft upon (pints made of wine or cyder imported, or the rate and duty aid thereby upon ftrong waters perfeftly made imported from beyond feas: and whereas ever fince the commencement of the faid aft, brandy upon the importation thereof into this kingdom has been rated for the duty of excife as of the value of fix (hillings and eight pence the gallon, and rum and geneva ever fince the firft importation thereof into this kingdom have been rated for the duty of excife as of the lame value with brandy, whereby the duties of excife received upon the importation of the (aid commodities by virtue of and under the laid aft have been four pence the gallon, and no more: and whereas it is apprehended, that an increafe of duty of eight pence the gallon upon the (aid commodities over and above the duty, heretofore paid upon the importation thereof, would be a great temptation to fmugglers to run large quantities of the faid commodities into this kingdom, and would in many other refpefts be prejudicial to the trade thereof: therefore in order to remove all fuch doubts for the future, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, that all brandy, rum, and geneva, which at any Brandy, time heretofore hath been, or at any time hereafter (hall be, rum, and ge-imported into this kindoro, (hall be deemed and confidered at all times heretofore to have been, and at all times here-	a£	&	a.

after to be, fubjeft and liable to a duty of excife of four cife of 4<L	per

pence the gallon, and no more, under and by virtue of the g*Uoo only, .(aid aft. '

CHAP.

Digitized by

Google

.. Thfifth	Tear »f Gc<;r^e III.

CHAP. IX.

An AS	for explaining	and amending the Lotus relative to th

Flaxen and Hempen

Explained 21 *» G. 3. 35, 56.

*7 <*> 3 W , 3 <3. J - 34-fee. 34.

no piece of linen of the length of 25 yards in fair or market forfeited, unlefs 26 yards coinpleat.

Buyer of cloth or yarn in fair or market refufine without juft caufe to pay price firft agreed, on complaint in 04 hours to next juftice, truftee, or chief magi-Urate Qtffe. * monad* the clolkoryam returned, and penalty: not above ion to feller aa*r<«~ compeocc.

, TT 7HEREAiS by an aft pa fled m the third year of hh VV Majefty’s reign, intituled, An Act for regulating tht fiaxen and hempen manufafturcf of this kingdom, it is am^ngi other thing* enafted, that no piece of brown or unbleached

C* 1 linen cloth of the fet of eight hundred or upwards be fold or expofed to fale within the province of Ulfter, which if thirty fi*, thirty fevers or thirty eight inches broad, (hall contain any greater number of yards in length than twenty five yards, upon pain of forfeiting fuch piece and alfo the fum of forty (hillings by the perion felling or ex-pofing fuch piece to (ale, or packing up, or entering the lame for exportation : and whereas a doubt has arifen upon .the conftruftion of the faid aft, whether, if a piece of linen cloth, which exceeds twenty five yards in length, but does not meafure twenty fix yards in length compleat, {hall be expofed to (ale in any fair or market, the fame (hall be forfeited within the intention of the faid aft of Parliament: be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no piece of linen cloth of the length of twenty five yards, which {ball be expofed to fale or fold in any fair or market, (hall within the intention of faid aft be forfeited for improper meafure in lengthy unlefs the (aid piece (hall meafure twenty fix yards complpat.

II.	And whereas difputes frequently arife in fairs or markets between the buyer and feller of linen cloth and yam in refpeft of the price, firft agreed to be paid by the buyer of fuch cloth or yarn for the cloth of yarn bought or fold in fuch fair or market: be it enafted by the authority afore-faid, That in order to put an end to fuch difputes it (hall and may be lawful for the feller of any cloth or yarn in any fair or market;* if the buyer of fuch cloth or yarn (hall without juft caufe, refufe to pay him, her, or them felling the fame the price firft agreed upon between them, tQ complain immediately or at any time within twenty four hours to the nex£ juftice of the peace, truftee of the linen manufafture, or chief magiftrate within their refpeftive jurifdiftions; which juftice of the peace, truftee of the linen manufacture, or chief magiftrate within their refpeftive jurifdiftions are hereby required and authorized forthwith to fummon the patties before him; and if it (halt appear, to fuch juftice of

Digitized by

Google

Tenant in

The fifth Year $f George III. the peace, truftee of the linen manufacture, or chief magi-ftrate within their refpe&ive jurisdictions, that the buyer of fuch linen cloth or yarn fhall without juft and reasonable caufe refufe to pay the feller of fuch cloth or yam the price, firfl agreed upon between foch buyer and feller at fuch fair or market, fuch juftice of the peace, truftee of the linen ma-nufa&ure, or chief mlgiftrate within their refpc&ivc jurif-di&ions may by warrant under his hand and feal order fuch doth or yam to be returned to the feller thereof, and may by fuch warrant dired any penalty not exceeding the fum of ten {hillings to be levied off the goods and chattels of fuch buyer of cloth or yam, who fhall without juft caufe refufe to pay the price firft agreed upon ; the faid penalty to be paid to the perfon, who had contracted to fell the fame, as a rtcompence for the lofs of time and fale of their goods at fuch fair or market.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

faid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for evrry perfon tail t,r for :»<c, Seized in poffeffion in law or equity of any eftate in fee tail, *nmicd*arc re-or for life, with immediate remainder over to or in truft	*

for his iffue, to demife any land out of his faid eftate, m,fe> except whereof he fhall be fo feized, being no part of the d-mefne denv.fne, and ufually occupied with his manfion-houfe, and not exceeding no'c^*ccfc^,n* five acres plantation mcafure in the whole, for three lives * ijv-VfoT renewable for ever to any perfon or pylons who fhall en- cvct on con-gage and contrail to carry on Some branch of the linen traft ro cirry manufa&ure on the land fo to be demilVd.	°.n J ,>ranfh

IV.	Provided that the bell and highlit rrnt be referved |‘u*cnJ1,gUjav* for the land fo to be demifed, that can be reafo.rably had for KcfVrvtng the fame at the time of making fuch derr.ife, without fine; the H<fik rent, and that one half year’s rent of the Said demifed land be re-

Served as a renewal fine on the fall of every life, to be pud yfa‘.s on rc-within fix months after the fall of fuch life; and that the nt .valofcaih lefTee or lefties do covenant by fuch leafe or leak* to creel 1*' » on the land fo to be demifed houfes or other buildings fit > and well adapted for carrying on Some branch or brandies	k “n

of the linen manufacture on the lands fo to be drmifeJ, rti«- r for uid and do covenant to preferve and keep the fime in proper m*nuf*£iuic. order and repair, and carry or caufe to be carried on Some branch or branches of the linen manufacture, on the land fo demifed during the continuance of the faid demife ; and provided that fuch houfes and buildings be erected find com-pleated within fife years after the making fuch demife ; and that every leafe, that (hall be made agreeable to the conditions and terms aforefoid, and provided the leffee or kflees (hall duly perform the faid covenant or covenants for building, (hall be good and valid, notwitbftanding any fettknvnt retraining fuch tenant for life or in tail from making fuch ktfe or leafirs; and that it fh»!l and may be lawful to and Vol. V.	N	for

Digitized by v^ooQle

*9+

A.D.

1765.

Referring beft rent, without fine.

\7 Q. 2. 1 o.

continued by ti G l. 7. Set 3..

and perpetual hy 1 G 3. 17. fee t. with amendments,

3 G. 3. 29. evalian thereof,

The fifth Tear #/ George III. for every perfon Seized as aforefaid, to make one or more leafe or leafes of any part or parts of the land, whereof he fhall be fo feized, being no part of the demefne ufually occupied with his manfion-houfe, and not exceeding fifteea acres plantation meafure, in any one fuch leafe for one or more life or lives renewable tor ever, or for any term of years, for the purpofe of making a bleach-yard or bleach-green thereon, and furnishing conveniencies for the workmen and perfons to be employed therein.

V. Provided that the beft and higheft rent be rcferved by every fuch leafe for the land thereby demifed, that can be reafonably had for the fame at the time of making fuch leafe* without fine; and in cafe one third part of the land demifed by any one fuch leafe fhall be formed into a bleach-yard or bleach-green within three years after the making of fuch leafe, and a fum or fums of money, not left than ten pound* for every acre demifed by fuch leafe, fhall be laid out within the faid three years in improvements for the purpofe only of carrying on the bleaching bufinefs on the fame, then* and not otherwife, fuch leafe fhall be good and effc&ual notwithftanding any Settlement reftrainmg fuch tenant for life or in tail from making fuch leafe or lcafes.

CHAP. X.

An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Lavas heretofore made to prevent the pernicious Practice of burning Land.

WHEREAS an ad pafled in the Seventeenth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Second to prevent the pernicious pradicc of burning land and for the more effedual deftroying of vermin; which ad* as to fuch part thereof as relates to the burning of lafid, was by an ad made in the twenty ftrft year of the reign of his late Majefty continued until the twenty ninth September one thoufand Seven hundred and Sixty, and Srom thence to the end of the then nex Seffion of Parliament, and, as to fuch part thereof as relates to the burning of land, was by an ad palled in the firft year of his prefent Majefty King George the third, intituled, An ad for reviving, continuing t and amending fevered temporaryJlatutes% with Several amendments made perpetual; and whereas an ad puffed in the laft Seffion, intituled, An ad for the more cjfitdualpreventing the pernicious practice of burning land : ana whereas many circumftances have occurred, by means of which faid recited laws have been frequently evaded: for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the King’s mofl excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confeat of the lords Spiritual and temporal

and

Digitized by L.ooQle

The fifth Tear §f George III.	fpj

afcft commons m this prefart PsrHment affembled, and by A. D. tit attfiarity of the feme, thst from and after the firft day 1765, of Attguft* which wiH be in the year of our Lord one thou* Chap, to* fend fcvcn hundred and fixty fix, in all cafes whatfoever, whether the foil or furfece of any land (hall be burned by *hetfecr ibil the original leflee or kfiees or by the occupier or occupiers ?*	.

df fuch land, that then and in fuch cafe on convi&ion nc~ gJJJ^cfiZs*1* cording to the mode preferred in the lift recited ad, two or occupiers, or more juft ices of the peace in the refpedive county, in on coaviftiao Which fech burning of land (hall hare been committed, (hall “	*	a*

iffue their warrant for keying die penalties either for burning the land or preventing the furvey according to the tenor of the laft recited ad or ads either againft the original kffee, or any tenant or tenants deriving under feid original lefiee or leflees, or the immediate occupier or occupiers of fuch land, at the choice and eledion of feid original kffor or kf-fers, his, her, or their heirs or aligns; and in fuch cafe fuch original lefiee or kfiees or any deriving under him or them (hall remove from the county, in which fuch burning fiinfl be committed, that any chief magiftrate or juftict of the peace, within whofe jurifdi&ton fuch perfbn Or perfoas (hall be found, (hall back and enforce the warrant granted by feid judices of the peace, before whom the coavidion was fo had as aforefeid ; and thereupon the penalty or penalties forfeited, together with the cofts of furveying as aforefeid, (hall be levied on the goods and chatties of feid peribn or perfons in like manner, and with fuch like powers, m have been provided by the lad recited ad in the cafe of any offender or offenders againft feid ad removing his or their goods to another county; and that any chief magiftrate or juftice of the peace, within whofe jurifdidion fech original lefiee or tenant deriving under him may be or refick, (hall back and enforce fuch iumraons or fummonfes, to be ferved a by the above recited ad on feid original kffee or intermediate tenant chargtabk with fuch offence; and that the original lefiee or intermediate tenant, on whom feid penalties (hall be levied, (hall have his remedy and indemnification againft the occupier or occupiers of the land in fuch manner, as by the above recited ads has been provided for the original kflbr.

II. And be it enaded by the authority afortfeid, That On default in default of payment according to the laft recited ad on of p*jrmeot application of any profecutor or 'profecUtors, and proof inapnfonmest made of the cenvidion, it (hall and may be lawful to and	Va

for fuch juftices, before whom the party or parties was or months is were convided, or chief magiftrate or juftice who backed proportion tj die warrant, to commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol, as direded by feid ad, these to remain for * the fpace of not kfe than three months nor more than N 2 .	twelve

Digitized by UooQle

l$6

A.

1765.

Like reint-dict to bifhopa and bodies corporate as if heirs to predeteflbre.

The fifth Year of George III. twelve months, to be proportioned by the diferetion of (kid chief magiftrate, juft ice or juft ices of the peace, to tlie quantity of land refpedively by or under him or them fo burned.

III. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That all bifhops, deans and chapters, and other corporate bodies, who may under their refpedive corporate rights .be poflefied of landed eftates, fhall and may have and enjoy all the fame remedies, conferred by the above recited laws, in fuch manner as if they were to be deemed heirs to their predcceffors in fuch eftates and lands.

CHAP. XII.

An Act for direding the Application of the fium of Eight Thou-fand Pounds > granted to the Dublin Society for the Em-’ couragement of fuch Trades and Manufadures as Jhould be directed hy Parliament.

Dublin So- ‘TXTHEREAS by an ad made this fefiion, intituled, erVd nrfe ▼ y An ad for granting and continuing to his Majcfty an for encourage- Additional duty on beer, ale, Jlrong waters, wine, tobacco* ment of fevcral hides y and other goods and merchandizes therein mentioned, and manufadurcs for prohibiting the importation of all gold and Jilver lace except ooq\. granted^ ^ manufacture of Great Britain, it is amongft other thing* and fo*muchC*of * enaded, That the fum of right thoufand pounds fhould be floeoL by 3 G. paid to the Dublin Society for the encouragement of fuch 3.1. fee. 13.	trades and manufadurcs, as fhould be direded by Parlia-

as unapplied.	Acnt. an(j whereas an ad paffed the laft fefiion of Par-

liament for direding the application of the fum of eight thoufand pounds granted that fefiion to the faid Dublin Society for the encouragement of fuch trades and manufactures, as therein is mentioned: and whereas part of the faid laft mentioned fum remains in the hands df the faid fociety unapplied : in order therefore to dired and regulate the application of the faid fum of eight thoufand pounds, granted as aforefaid this lefiion of Parliament, and fuch part of the faid lum of eight thoufand pounds granted the laft fefiion, as /hall remain unapplied under the faid recited ad, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty.by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and Commons in this prefent. Parliament affembled, and by the : '	authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful to

* L;	and for the faid Dublin Society to difpofe of the faid feveral

fums for the purpofes and in the manner herein after mentioned : (that is to fay) for the encouragement of, the filk, * woollen, leather, ironorfteel, copper or brafs, paper, glafs, and earthen ware manufadures, mixed manufadures of filk,, wool, cotton, mohair, or linen thread, gold or filver * _	* -	x	thread.

Digitized by

Google

Vbe fifth Tear of George III.	1J7

thread, or laces thereof manufa&ured, and of the manu- A. J). fa&ure of printing, (lamping, and ilaining of linens or f 765. cottons.	Chap.	12.

II.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That

the (aid Dublin Society (hall on fume day previous to the A°d before twenty fourth of June in every year, till the faid fum of eight thoufand pounds granted this feflion of Parliament, much for mh and fuch part of the fum of eight thoufand pounds granted manufadurc. lad feflion of Parliament, as remains unapplied, or (nail remain at any time hereafter unapplied, be wholly applied and difpofed of, refolve and determine, how much money (hall be applied for the encouragement of each of faid manufactures and trades in each yeai, and (hall caufe fuch refolu-tion to be entered in their books and pubii(hcd in the Dublin Gazette.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-	by	to

(aid, That the Dublin Society on or before the tenth day Hoc. yearly of December in eveiy year (hall regulate and fettle in what

manner, the refpe&ive fums, which (hall be fo allotted as 0 aforefaid for the encouragement of the faid refpe&ive manufactures and trades, (hall be paid and distributed in each year, and (hall caufe fuch refolution to be entered in their books and publifhed in the Dublin Gazette.

IV.	Provided always. That no perfon (hall be capable of Goods mide receiving any part of the faid fums for any goods, which fuhfcqiunt 10 (hall not be manufactured or made fubfequent to the time determination, of determining, how much money (hall be applied for the encouragement of the faid manufactures and trades in each

year.

V.	Provided alfo. That fuch diftribution fo to be made Diftribution

(hall be made according to the quantity and quality of the *cc°nhn£ to goods fo to be manufaftured.	S“y

VI.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That H Make order* it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Dublin Society for examination to make fuch orders and regulations for examining the quan- ^a^VCIU tity and quality of fuch goods, for which any premium (hall

be demanded, as they (hall judge molt expedient for the publick fervice, and moft likely to prevent any frauds in the perfon or perfons who (hall claim to be intitlcd to fuch premiums ; and in cafe any difputes (hall arife touching the right of any perfon or perfons to fuch premium, the Dubliu Society (hall finally determine the fame.

VII.	And be it further enaCled by the authority afore- No member faid. That no member of the faid fociety (hall be intitlcd ®w|,^*bovc to vote in the faid fociety on any pretence whatlbever, **n who fhall be indebted more than one year’s lubfeription to vote.

the fame.

C H A P.

\

Digitized by

Google

198

A. D.

Tbtfifth Year George III.

CHAP. XIII.

An A8 for mailng a Turnpike Road from the Town of Kan-turk in the County of Corky to Fair Lane m the North Liberties of the City of Corky and for other Purpofes therein exprejfed.

WHEREAS the old frequented highways or roads, leading from the town of Kanturk in the county of Cork, to Fair Lane in the north liberties of the city of Cork, are become fo ruinous and bad, that many p^-ts thereof are impaifable and very dangerous for travellers, and cannot by the ordinary means appointed by the laws and ftatqtes of this realm now in force be effe&ually amended and kept in good repair: and whereas from a late furvey it appears, that a much better and (hotter road by two miles and one hundred and twenty three perch, plantation meafure, may be made from Kanturk to the city of Cork aforefaid, in the following dire&ion, to wit, from Kanturk aforefaid, to the new bridge over the river Black Water, and from thence to and thorough the lands of Gortmore, and to and through the lands of Gortavoker, Ballinvullin, Curragh-bower, Kilgobnet and Gneeves, and from thence to the old frequented road leading to Aghadullane, and from thence to and through the lands of Pluckanfe, Garryadeen, New-cafUe, Garrycloyn, Knocknalyre, Knocknafove, Ballygu-been, Ardamadanc, Carraghnalaght, Clogheenmilcon, Mo-Hard, Rathpeakan, and Killeens, and from thence to Fair Lane in the north fuburbs of the city of Cork aforefaid: and that it would be a puhlick utility to make, repair, and parry the old crofs road, which begins at Knocknafove pound, and terminates at the old road on the lands of Clog-beens, in the following line and direction (that is to fay) from and beginning at the pound of Knocknafove, and running from thence to and through the lands of Knockacurra-bally, the bdill-FitJd, lnchemore, Killiihil, Killard, and Clogheens, and fp on in a dire6t line to the city of Cork aforefaid ; wherefore, and to the intent that fuch roads may with convenient fpced be effe&ually made, amended, and kept ip good repair, be it ena&cd by the King’s molt exceDent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpirituaJ and temporal and commons in this present Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That for the better furveyipg, ordering, making, amending, and keeping in repair the laid highways or roads, it (hail and may be in the power of the right honourable Edmoitd Truftesi	Carl pf Cork, the right honourable John earl of Egmont,

named,	the right hpnpprablc Richard earl of Shannon, the right

honourable

Digitized by

The fifth Tear ef George III.	igj

honourable William carl of Inchiquin, the right honour*- A. D.

Ue Hayes lord vifcount Doneraik, the right honourable 1765. Stephen lord vifeount MountcafhtU, the right honourable Chap. ij. John Lyiaght, lord baron Liflc of Mount North, the bo-Booiable Francis An nelly efquire, the honourable John Lyiaght rfquire, the right honourable John Hely Hutchiofon, fir Robert Deane baronet, hr John Conway Colthuril baronet, fir John Jefferyes, Richard Fitz-Gerald, St. Leger Aid worth, Richard Towafcnd, Richard A Id worth, Boyle Aldworth, Cornelius O’Callaghan of Bantyre, Richard Newman, William Ponfooby, Silver Oliver, Henry Sheares,

James Dennis, Richard Johnfon, James Devon (her, Francis Kearney, James Kearney, Edward Thornhill, William Verling, William Snowe, William Parks, Barry Velverf-ton, Adam Newman, Richard Newman the younger, William Freeman, Robert Tilfon Deane, Thomas Webb, Matthias Earbury, William Hull, Denham Jepbfon, Abraham Devonlher, William Jephfon, John Colthuril, Nicholas Dvnfcombe, Riggs Falkiner, Wallis Colthuril, John Car-kton, John Spread, Robert Nettles, Epenetus Croft, William Crooke, Abraham Morris, Cornelius Town lend, Maf-fey Hutcbinfon, Walter Atkins, Matthew Parker, James CoQiaf, Richard Eyre, James Harmet, John Leather,

John Bowen, Anthony Cooper, Maurice Copinger, William Fuller, Thomas Strettle, Jofeph Dcvoniher, JohnBar-ry, Edmond Barrett, Stephen Mills, Henry Baldwin, Robert Warren, Thomas Corker, William Crooke the elder,

Bartholomew Purdon, Thomas Weeks, Chrillopher Carle-toe, George Piercy, Francis Gray, John Dennis, Cooper Penrofe, James Lombard, Henry Bower man, Henry Wrix-onof Ballygiblin, Heury Wrixfon of BloiTomfort, Arthur Bailable, John Wallis, Nicholas Chinntry, James Purcel,

Jofeph Capell, William Spread, Thomas Butler, Jofeph Wetheral, James Grove, Henry Cole, Bowen and George Stawcll cfquircs, the reverend James Kingilon, the reverend Richard Purcell, the reverend Edward Lombard, the reverend Norris Jephfon, the reverend Horatio Towufend, the reverend Richard Pigot, the reverend Jackfon Burnet, the revereod James Stopford, the reverend John Oliver, John Purcel, Goodwin Purcell, Roger Adams, Abraham Allen,

John PhOpot, Luke Pbilpot, Manus O’Keef, Stephen Minton, Thomas Glover, William White, John Henefy,

James Hcaefcy, both of Park, Jofeph Collins, Pierie Power, David Power, Thomas Iiarmond, William Me.

Cicight, Thomas Adams, Mofes Newfom, Henry New-bm, Robert Campion, Thomas Franks of Carrig, Thomas Fnnks junior, Thomas Courtney, John Dowling, John Kingston, Robet Nafh, George Allen, Philip Allen, Tho-im Purcell, Richard Webb, William Harris, Philip Glover,

Digitized by LjOOQle

200

A. D.

!76y. Chap. 13.

Any 7 may er<*& gates and toll houfes >

the toll*.

The fifth Year of Geofge III. ver, Philip Barry, Richard Harris, Stephen Creagh, Eld-ward Rubie, William Allen, and Richard Purcell‘gentlemen, and the furyivor and furvivors of them, who we pray, may be nominated and appointed truftees of the faid roads* and that they, or any feven or more of them, or fuch period or perfons a6 they, or any feven or more of them, (hall authorize and appoint, (hall and may ere£, or caufe to be ere&ed, one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, toll houfb or toll houfes, in, upon, or acrofs any part or parts of the faid highways or roads, and alfo a toll houfe and turnpike to beere&ed and fixed at Aughacloghduffe on the lands of Killcons aforefaid, and another toll houfe and turnpike at the fouth ea.ft fide of Kncckacorabaily aferefaid near John Mahonv’s houfe on faid lands of Kncckacorabaily aforefaid, there to remain during the continuance of this prefent a<El ; and that at the faid gates and toll houfes, and at every toll houfe, gate, or turnpike to be-erccled purfuant to this there (hall be received and taken the tolls and duties following, before any horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, chair, waggon, wain, cart, earr, or other carriage fhall be permitted to pafs through the fame (that is to fay) for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, drawn by fix horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, the fum of one (hilling and feven pence halfpenny ; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, drawn by four horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, the fum of one (hilling and one penny ; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, drawn by two horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, the fum of fix pence halfpenny ; for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with four wheels, ten (hillings and ten pence ; for every wain, cart. Or carriage with two wheels, drawn with more than two horfes, mares, geldings, oxen, affes, or mules, the fum of one (hilling and fix pence halfpenny ; for every cart or other Carriage drawn by two horfes, geldings, or mares, the fum of four pence; for every carriage, commonly called a chair or chaife with one horfe, mare, or gelding, or mule, the fum of four pence ; for every car, or other carriage drawn by one horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule only, the fum of two pence ; for every horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, not drawing, one penny halfpenny, except horfes carrying turf to the city of Cork for fale ; and for them only one penny; to be collected only within four miles of the city of Cork, and to be toll free at all other gates ; and likewife excepting, every cart or other carriage carrying lime, lime (lone, dung, and other manure, or culm from the coal mines to Gorta-voher, which are to pafs free of toll; and that all carriages, carrying any manure on any part of the faid road, (hall be exempt from paying any toll whatfoever ; for every, drove

Digitized by LjOOQie

The fifth Tear ef George III.	sot

el oxen or neat cattle the fum of one (hilling and eight A. D. pence by the (core, and fo in proportion for any greater or 176$* kfler number; for every drove of calves, hogs, (heep, or Chap, 13. lambs, the fum of ten pence by the fcore, and fo in propor- >***0mvm^***J tion for any greater or leffer number ; which faid refpedive fum and fums of money, (hall be demanded and taken in the name of or as a toll or duty 5 and the money fo to be tolls vefted in iaifed, is and (hall be hereby vefted in the faid truftees, and tru*ke4* the fame and every part thereof (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of, and be affigned to and for the feveral tries, intents, and purpofes, and in fuch manner, as i9 herein after mentioned and direded ; and that the faid truftees, or any thirteen or more of them, be authorized and irapowered by themfelves, or any perfon or perfons by them, or any thir- truftees. See. teen or more of them, under their hands and feals thereunto may °° refufU authorized, to levy the tolls or duties hereby required to be ^ paid, from any perfon or perfons, who (hall, after demand ^ made thereof, ncgled or refufe to pay the fame, by diftrefs of any horfe, or other cattle, or goods, upon which fuch toll or duty is by this ad impofed, or upon any of the goods and chatties of any fuch perfon or perfons who ought to pay the fame, and to detain and keep the fame, until fuch toll or duty, with the reafonable charges of fuch diftraining and keeping, (hall be paid; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons fo diftraining, after the fpaceof five days after fuch diftrefs made or taken, to fell the goods diftrained, returning the overplus (if any be) upon demand, to the owner, after fuch toll, duty, and rea-fonable charges for diftraining, keeping, and felling the fame, fhall be deducted and paid ; which charges are to be afeertained by one of his Majefty’s juft ices of the peace for the (aid county.

IT. And whereas the making and repairing of the (aid roads by their great length of way, and the want of proper materials, is confidercd an undertaking attended with fuch expence, as mud lay the faid truftees, under difficulties to raife fuificient money for compleating the fame in any reasonable time : and whereas Richard Williams of Kanturk aferefaid, gentleman, hath propofed not only to be at the neceflary expence of foliciting and defraying the fees of the feveral offices in this kingdom and Great Britain, in obtaining this prefent ad of Parliament, but all'o to lay out and expend his own proper money in making and repairing the faid roads, and to build and ered feveral bridges, turnpike gates, and toll houfes on the faid roads at the aforefaid rates, which propofal of the faid Richard Williams is contained in }he words following, (that is to fay)

I Richard

Digitized by v^ooQle

f©?	fbi	fifth Year *f George III.

.A* P- t Richard Williams, rf Kanturk in the tow*f of Card?* 1765. gentleman, do prqptft *0 undertake and make a turnpike re*wcf Chap. 13. from the town of Kanturk to the city of Cork, in the following direction, to wit, from KasUurk aforefaid, to the new bridjga Propofal of over the river Block water, and from theme through Gortmore *<2 Richard Wil- Gortovoher,	BoUinvullin, Currohbower, Mgohnft, mmd

Gneevet, and from thence jo the old frequented road leading t<* Agbadullane, and from thence to Pluckmu, Garryadeen, Nexw-cqfile, Garrycfoyn, Rnocknalyre, Knocknqfove, Ballygubcrm* Ardamodane, Curragbnalaght, Clogheen, Mdcome, Monona* Rathpeakcn, and Kiflcens, and from thence to Fair Lane in the North Suburb* of the city of Cork aforefaid; and alfo a branch of the feud road, beginning cst the pound of Knocbnafave, and running from thence to Knockacurrabajly, the Mill Field, Jncbc~ mare, Killi/hil, Killard, and Clogheen*, and fo on to the city of Cork aforefaid, containing in the whole in length by confutation, fix thoufand fix hundred and thirty one perches plantation meafure, or twenty utile* and two hundred and thirty one perches plantation meafure, and to luild five fmall bridges in the faid road, which are abfolutely wanting, at the rate of twelve JbiL lings by the perch, including all other necejfary bridges, turnpike gates, and tod houfes, for each and every perch of the faid road in length ; and in cafe the faid turnpike road Jhall mes/ure more or lefs than the above computation, then the expence of mak-img the faid road, tod houfes, and bridges to he inereafed or di-mini/hfd according to the dove rate of twelve/killings by the perch, the faid road to he made in Jbort and firaight lines from and to the abovemsntionedplaces, as the nature of the ground will permit ; provided the fame JbaU not he carried through any hotfe, garden, planted walk, avenue, walled park, paddock, orchard, or plantation, and that the faid road Jhall be thirty feet broad within the trenches, and fixteen feet of it in breadth, /efficiently gravelled from end to end, to be begun the firfi day of May next, and carried on with all convenient /peed, fo as to have it quite fiw/bed in eight years, turnpike gates and toll houfes to he erefted, and all kept in repair during the term in the aft for that purpofe fpecified; all which, and the necejfary expences of procuring the faid aft of Parliament, Jhall be at my own expence ; provided that the faid aft Jhall have continuance for a term of fixty one years, and that the. faid tolls and duties in the faid aft be Jecurtd to be paid to me, my executors, adminiftrators, and qffigns, till the principal and interJl of the expences of making the feud road, erefting the turnpike gates, toll houfes, and bridges, according to the above rates, and of the procuring the faid aft qf Parliament, be repaid, gates, and toll houfes to Be fixed in Juch parts of the faid road, where they will befi anfwer, and fecure the payment of the tolls and duties ; and upon failure of keeping the feud road, bridges, houfes, and gates in repair after the term of eight years, that it Jhall be in the power of the truj

tees,

Ibffflb f**r of George Iff.	113

fm9 to A "ofpmud h	fim <r mm A- D.

4 them* afar gtw^tmdty m*kI, Jfffr/jr «/#** pm* 1765.

4 tk fyid talk tovmrd* empfomt &r+m y $*J&mtf. Chap. ij.

III.	And be it enadad by the authority nfomfrid, Traftccs wuj That k &a& and m*y be in tbq power #f tk* M trufccea, £?^ "jj or a«y twenty or wore of thorn, at their firft meeting ft ^*4^ Richard fUrrett’s hoqfe 90 the lend# of Piocfca** in the dec.

county of Cork at any time after the paf&og of this prefont aft, by any deed in writing under their hands and foals, to contract with the (aid Richard Williams, his executor* ad-mimftraters, or affigna, (or rtpairieg the (aid road Upon the terras of the (aid propofol, and to leafe, mortgage, affign, or otherwise make over the tolls and dirties of the foid roads to him or them for say time or term during the centjauiofe of this aft, till the principal and intereft as abowmtntioaed be paid, and to appoint him aad them fyrveyor and fur-veyors of the (aid road.

IV.	Provided always, aad be if cnafted by the authority The rood sot afbrefoid, That in cafe the faid loads, or aay of them, (hau

not be compleatly amended and repaired according to the (aid cate propofol, on or before the firft day of May iq the year of ttm&, sod ap. our Lord, one thousand feven hundred tod feveaty four, joint ether That it (haU and may be in the power of the (aid truftem, owfoer. or any twenty or mare of them, if it (hall hPP**r by the bath of aay other five of the (aid traders, that the (aid road a not complcated and kept in repair front time to time, according to (aid propofol, by any aft trader their heads aad feals to vacate any eontraft, kafo, montage, or affigmoeat, that they (hall fo make or have made with the faid Richard Williams, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligos, and to appoint any other Qverfeer or undertaker they (hall think proper, to compleat the faid road $ aad if at aay time after the (aid firft day of May, Qoe tboufond (even hundred aad ievmty four, the foid road (Hall not during the continuance of this aft, be kept in fuf&cieat and proper repair, that it (hall and may be lawful for the foid truftees, or any twenty of them, to apply the tolls and duties arifmg on the faid roads, to the amending and fufliciently repairing all foch parts thereof, as (hall appear to the fold truftees to be out of repair ; and that from thenceforth the foid Richard Williams, his executors, adminiArators, or affigos, (hall not be intitled to the foid tolls and duties during the continu-ante of this aft.

V.	And be it farther cnafted by the authority aforefoid, Traftsw msy That the foid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall

be impowered to ereft one or more gate or gates, turnpike c or turnpikes, on the fide of the faid highways or roads, crofo any way or lane leading out of the faid road, and to build*

toll

Digitized by LjOOQ le

No toll at 2d

Site on produc-g ticket.

Avoiding payment, penalty 108.

For carrying the road ftraight, truf-tees may fet lands adjoining, Si c.

The fifth Year of George lit. toll houfe or toll houfes, and there to receive and take fuch. toll and tolls, as is and are appointed by this aft to be taketft: fo as the fame does not extend to a double charge in cafe of" palling the fame day through any other of the turnpikes t& be ere&ed by virtue of this a ft.

VI.	Provided always. That in cafe there lhall be more than one gate or turnpike in, acrofs, or on the fide of the faid highways or roads intended to be made and repaired by this ad, no perfon on having paid the toll or duty at tire firil gate or turnpike through which he lhall pafs, and producing a note or ticket that the faid toll or duty was paid, (which note or ticket the receiver and receivers is and are hereby required to give gratis) lhall be liable to pay any toll or duty at any other of the faid gates on the fame day ; and no perfon palling the place where the toll or duty lhall be paid, who lhall return the fame day upon or with the fame horfe or carriage, lhall be liable the fame day to pay the faid duty more than once : and provided always, that ub toll be demanded or taken from any perfon or perfons at any fide gate, who do not travel at leall half a mile on laid road.

VII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever with any coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaife, or chair, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, or riding, or driving any horfe, mare, afs, mule, or any other fort of cattle, lhall go out of the faid road into any bye ways to avoid the payment of the toll by this prefent a£ appointed to be paid, and lhall thereof be convidled upon the oath of one or more vritnefs or wit-neffes before the faid truftees, or any three or more of them, who are hereby impowered and required to adminifter fuch oath, or before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county where fuch offence lhall be committed, who is and are alfo hereby impowered and required ty adminifter fuch oath, fuch perfon or perfons lhall forfeit and pay to the truftees above mentioned, or fuch perfons as may hereafter become truftees by virtue of this prefent adl, the fum of ten fhillings, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, or under the hands and feals of the faid truftees, or any three or more of them, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner, the charges of taking and difpofmg of the faid goods, being firft deduced.

VIII.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any ten or more of them, by thcmfelves and their proper and neceffary attendants to enter upon, afeertain, deferibe, and fet apart fuch part and proportion of the lands adjoining or contiguous to the faid highways or rpads, qr which other-

wife

Digitized by

Google

Tbg fifth Tutr §f George III.	205

wife lay moft convenient for carrying on, and continuing A. D. the laid highway or roads llraight and in dire& lines, not 1765. being houfes, gardens, parks, or paddocks adjoining, ave- Chap. 13. Dues, orchards, plantations, or planted walks, as the laid truftees, or any ten or more of them, (hall judge neceflary for carrying the fame llraight and in a direct line as afore-hid ; and that the laid trullees, or any feven or more of them, Ihall be authorized and impowered to treat and agree with the owners, and others interefted in the faid ground, to be made ufe of in carrying the faid road llraight as afore-hid, for fuch recompence and fatisfa£lion to be made for the lame, out of the tolls and duties arifing by virtue of this prefect a6t, as the faid trullees, or any ten or more of them, Ihall think fit and reafonable; and in cafe any perfon or perfons Ihall negledl or refufe to treat or agree as afore-hid, or through any difability by nonage, coverture, or fpe-cial limitation in any fettlement or fettlements, or by rea-fon of any other impediment, cannot, or otherwife howfo-cver, Ihall refufe to difpofe of their rcfpe&ive intcrells in fuch lands, as the faid trullees, or any ten or more of them, hall think convenient for the Ihortening the faid road, in every fuch cafe the faid trullees, or any ten or more of them, Ihall and may ifliie forth their warrant or warrants to the Iheriff of the county of Cork, or to the IherifT of the county of the city of Cork, wherein fuch ground doth lye, requiring him or them to impannel and return before the traftees, or any ten or more of them, at fuck time and place within the faid county, or county of the faid city, as Ihall be appointed in fuch warrant or warrants, a fufficient jury, who are hereby impowered to enter upon all or any of the laid lands, and view the fame, and upon their oath (which oath the (aid trullees, or any ten or more of them, are hereby impowred and required to admmiller) Ihall enquire into, and by their verdi& or verdi<fls afeertain the true and real value of fuch ground, fo to be made ufe of for the laid highways or roads ; and that fuch verdicls or inquifiti-oos, as Ihall be fo found and returned by the faid jury af-eertaining the value of fuch ground, Ihall be final and con-dufive, as well to the faid trullees, as to the feveral and rc-fpe&ive proprietors of fuch ground, notwithllanding any dilability or incapacity whatfoever in fuch proprietor or proprietors; and that the faid trullees, or any ten or more of them, upon paying to the refpe&ive proprietors of fuch ground fuch fum and fums of money or valuable confidera-tion, as Ihall be ascertained to be paid by fuch verdi<fl or in-quiiitfon of the faid jury as aforefaid, are hereby authorized and impowered, and Ihall have free liberty for thcmfelves, or fuch perfons as they Ihall appoint, to enter upon and make the laid highway or road through the fame, or any part

thereof,

hfr«<r|W



2*6	7i*	Jtfth	Teur	•/	George	Iff.

A. D. tlwftaf, ih tlie manner herein before dhie&ed &ni appointed * 176$.	and tlrtt the faid thiffeea, or Any feven or more of them, or iny

Chap. 13. other truftees to be ehofen by virtue of thin a&> fhalf and krar at any of their meeting* as aforefaid, as often as they flfjifl Truftees may think proper, futamon the faid Richard WiHiams and aD atkf fummonW^ every receiver or receivers of all and every of the tolls examine on*0 duties, to be paid by this a&, before them, and audite and oaih.	ftate	their	feveral and refpedive accounts, and thereby frySfat

time to time to afeertain not only what fum and fums (MU have been advanced and expended by the faid Richard mT-liants on account of any of the purpofes aforefaid, but attb to afcettain what fum or fums of money fhal be from tiaU* to time received by the laid Richard Williams, his executotffc* admimftrators, and affigns, for and on actonnt of the fa£f£ out of all and every the tolls and duties to arife and becofe£ payable by virtue of this 5 and for that purpofe to exanf&iie oh oath not only fuch receiver and receivers of the faid Central tolls and duties, but alfo the faid Richard Williams, V& executors, adihiniftrators, and affigns ; Which oath or oatftft any one of the faid truftees at a board is hereby impoweredfo adminifter, and For which no fee or reward (hall be taken. Materials	IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That

raifed without it (ball and may be lawful to and for the faid Richard W8-payment, Ac. liams, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, and for ' filch perfon and perfons as he Or they (hall appoint to dig, raife, gather, take, and carry away gravel, furze, fana, (tones, of other materials oat of arty wafte or common of any parifh, town, village, or hamlet, in or near which any founderoils or ruinous place of the faid highways or roads do lie ; and for want of fufficient gravel, furze, fand, ftones, or other materials there, to dig, gather, raife, take, and . carry away the fame out of the wafte or common of any neighbouring parifh, town, village, or hamlet, without paying any thing for the fame : and where there is not fufficient of fuch materials in any commons or wafte grounds near adjoining to be found, that it (hall and may be lawful for him and them to enter upon, dig, raife, and gather the Tame in the fcvCral grounds of any perfon or perfons, not being a garden, orchard, yard. Or meadow, planted walk or walks, or avenue to a houfe, where ahy fuch materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry away fntb and fo much thereof as h^ or they (hall judge rieceftary for the repairing and amending the faid highways or roads, paying fuch rate for fuch materials to the owner or occupier of the ground, from whence the fame (hall be digged, raifed, gathered, and earned away, as any ten of the truftees, apoint-ed or to be appointed to put this a& in execution (hall adjudge reafonable.

3	X.	And

\

Digitized by LiOOQle

Tbi fifth Ytctr *f George Ilf.

X.	And be it farther ettaAod by the authority tforefcid, A. D*

Th*t noptrfon (hall be hereafter de&ed a truftee to put this 176$.

ad in examtiois who (hall not a&uafty be fa the pofleffion Chap 13.

of a freehold eftate of the clear yearly value of forty pound*

at the time of his bring de&od a truftee, or who (hall not Z*J®fe#r .

have a perfonal eft ate of the deaf value of fix hundred r^^frcchoSl

pounds; and that upon any doubt anting touching the va* or 600I. per.

lie of fuch eftate*, that the petfou fo ele&eri, before he fo»*L

lUfl be admitted to ad as a truftee, (hall fvrear, that hit

ribte is of the faid value before (even or more of the (aid

tnilces affetnbled at a board, which oath any one of the

find truftees is hereby impo weird aad authorized to admi-

nifttf.

XL And for preventing frauds and abtvfos to elude and °.,T<r •?* ersdt the payment of the laid tolls and duties, be it enad-	evade

ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfoo or per- toll forfeit ios. bos, having paid the toll or duty by this ad granted and ande payable, and having fuch note or ticket, notes or tic* bets, as are hereby required, (hall give or difpofe of the fane to any perfoo or ptffons in order to avoid the payment of the (aid toll or duty, that every fuch perfon giving) dif> pofingof, or offering the faid note or notes, ticket or tic* kets, to any perfon or perfons in order to pafs him, her, of them toll free, and the perfon receiving fuch note or ticket, notes or tickets, being thereof convidcd upon oath of one or mote witnefs or witnefles before the (aid truftees, or any feren or more of them, or before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county wherein fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, which oath any one of the hid truftees and the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to adminifter, (hall refpedively forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the fum of ten fhilh'ogs, to be levied, recovered, and difpofed of as any other penalty and forfeiture is direded to be levied, recovered, and difpofed of by this ad.

XII.	And be it farther eoaded by the authority afore- Coatimunss hid, That the tolls or duties, hereby granted, (hall take 61 years.

place and have continuance from and after the firft day of May, in the year of our Lord one thonfand feven hundred and fixty fix, for aad duriag the term of tixty one years.

XIII.	Provided neverthelefs, That if any time before	before

tteexpimionof the term of fi*ty <me y'in all ports of fu<£,. the faid road mall be fumdently amended and repaired, and entiy repaired, io adjudged by the majority of the truftees, appointed or

hereafter to be chofcm by vutoe of this a&, by an adjudica* tkm made under their bands and foils, and that it (hall in Ike manner appear, that all fum and fams of money expend* edra making aud repairing the faid roads, building and crediag bridges, gates, tou-houfos, in making compos fati*

on

Digitized by

,G°ogk

On death of

The fifth Tear of George III. on for all grounds and lands broke up in fearch of materials, and for all grounds through which the faid road (hall run, (hall have been fully fatisfied with intereft for the fame, and the expences of this aft, and all other neceflary charges at-tending the execution of this aft, that then and from thence* forth the faid tolls and duties (hall ceafe and determine, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

AIV. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-truftees 15 may faid. That for the continuing of a fufficient number of abk tied others. perfons to be truftees for putting in execution all and every the powers in this aft contained for and during the continuance thereof it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any fifteen or more of them, upon the death of any of the faid truftees in the faid truft from time to time and all times hereafter during the term aforefaid to eleft, nominate, and appoint in the room of fuch truftee or truftees fo deceafed another fit and able perfon, or fo many more fit or able perfons, living in the faid county of Cork or in the county of the city of Cork, to be joined with the faid truftees in the execution of all and every the power ami powers in them repofed by virtue of this aft : and that all and every perfon or perfons to be chofen truftee or truftees to join in putting this aft in execution, as they are hereia before qualified to do, (hall and are hereby impowered to aft to all intents and purpofes in as full, large, and ample manner, as the faid truftees are by this aft impowered to do, and fo totics quotics as occafion (hall require.

XV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That

ApuUickaft.

this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CHAP. XIV.

An AS for more efftShally amending the Pul Bek Roads.

Repeal of the XX THERE AS difficulties arife from the multiplicity of following road V V the laws heretofore made for the amending, or re-*’	pairing	the	highways	or	roads in this kingdom, and it is

found expedient to repeal the fame, and to make a new aft containing all the parts of fuch laws, as have proved effectual, and are proper to be continued, with fuch additions and amendments as are herein after contained : be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the ftrft day Qf July, one thoufand feveu hundred and fixty

fix,

'Digitized by Google

The fifth Year of George III* fix, an ad puffed its die eleventh year of the rcigti of King James the firft, intitled, An aft for repairing and amending of highways and cajbes, and rutting or clearing of paces, alfo an aft paffed in the tenth year of the reign of King Charles the hrft, iadded. An aft concerning the repairing and amending of bridges, caufeways, and toghers in the highways ; alfo an aft paffed in the fourth year of the reign of Queen Anhe, intitled, An aft to prevent the illegal raifmg of money by grand juries, and the mifapplying of money legally raifed; alfo an ad paffed in the ninth year of the reign of her late Majefty Queen Anne, intitled. An aft for the amending of the high* Gays and roads in this kingdom, and for the affixation of the fix days labour ; alfo- fo much of an ad paffed in the fixth year of the reign of King George the firft, intitled. An aft for the better regulating the parijh watches, and amending of the highways in this kingdom, and for preventing the misapplication of fahlich money, as relates to the amending the highways ia (his kingdom, and to the preventing the mifappCcation of pabiick money; alfo an aft paffed hi the firfl year of the reign of hrs late Majefty King George the fccond, intitled. An ad for the more fpeedy and effeftueu repair of bridges in the fevered counties of this kingdom ; and alfo another ad pafled mthe firft year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, intitled, An aft for explaining and amending feve* red laws made for amending the highways and roads in this kingdom, and for the application of the Jin days labour ; alfo an aft paffed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, ratitled, An aft to explain end amend an aft paffed in the fxth year of the reign of bis late Majefy King George the frfi, intitled, An aft for the better regulating the farijb watches, and amending the highways m this kingdom, and for the preventing the msfappfication of pub* lick money, alfo an ad paffed in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, intitled. An ad to alter and amend the laws for the repair of highways, alfo an ad paffed in the third year of the reign of his prdent Majefty, intitled, An aft for regulating the proceedings of grand juries in the preparing and forming of prefentments for the levying of money, alfo another ad paffed in the third year of the reign of his prcfcnt Majefty, intituled. An aft for amending an aft, intituled. An aft to explain and amend an aft fifed in the fixth year of the reign of bis late Majcjly King George the firjl, intitled. An aft for the better regulating (he firijb watches, and amending the highways in this kingdotk, and for preventing the mifappftcation of publish money, be repealed and made null and void.

XVII. And be it further enaded by the authority afbre-faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfbn or perfons, who now have or (ball hereafter hanre-nuy ferry over Vo u V.	O	any

n y. i. *

to C. i. 26. feff a.

4 Am* 6.

$Amme 9.

6 C i. ro. as to highways and pnblick money.

I G. t. j*

iC.iip

i J O. 1 to.

33C.1t,

J O. J. 7.

j O.8*

Owner of ferry may ered abridge and take toll.

?10 A. D.

Except in corporations.

The fifth Tear of George ITF. my river, to ereft and fupport a bridge at his or their own expence over fuch river in the place of fuch ferry, and to take and receive for palling fuch bridge fuch toll, and no more, as they arc entitled to receive for patting fuch ferry. • XVIII. Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend to ferries in cities or towns corporate.

All the reft repealed^ 13, 14 G. 332. 13, 14 G. 3. c. 34.	19,	20 G. 3. c. Ur 26 G. yc. 20

CHAP. XV.

An AS for continuing) reviving, and amending fcveral tempo* rary Statutes, and for impowering the Grand Jury of the County of Kilkenny at the Affixes to increafe the yearly Salary of the Treafurer of faid County.

Batter, Tal- VII. A ND whereas an aft patted in the tenth year of Beef *Pork	JlTL	^S11 his late Majefty King George the

10 G. 1 9.	intituled,	An	aft for continuing and amending of the law

amended by in relation to butter and tallow, and the ccdks in which faid 12 O 1. v a,,cj goods are to be made upy and in relation to the curing of htdet) a^Jratitracd an^ ma^tnS UP <tnd pork for exportation) and for the.pre* and by 11 G. i. writing the deftruSion of falmon ; which (aid aft was explain-•7 fee. 9. to 29 ed and amended by another aft, made in the twelfth of his S€P* 17j>9- late Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for explaining and to butter &c ** amending an aft) intituled, An aft for continuing and amend* continued with tng of the laws in relation to butter and tallow, and the cafes in amendments to which fitch goods are to be made up) and in relation to the curing 09 Sept. 1791, of hides, and making up of beef and pork for exportation) and c	for preventing the deftruftion of falmon ; which faid afts have

been amended and further continued by feveral afts to the end of the fefiion of Parliament in the twenty firft year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond ; and by an aft made in this kingdom in the twenty firft year of hi* faid late Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for reviving, continuing) and amending feveral temporary flatutes, the faid afts have been amended and further continued to the twenty Plinth day of September, which will be in the year of our Lord, one thouland feven hundred and fixty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament, knd no longer; which faid laft recited aft made in the twenty firft year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, fo for as it relates to the continuing and amending the faid laws in relation to butter and tallow, and the calks in which fuch goods are to be made up, and for the curing of hides, and making up beef and pork for expor-' ration, is found by experience to be extremely ufeful, and therefore fit to be continued with fuch alterations and amendments, as by this aft are made therein; be it therefore «n-

afted'

Digitized by

Google



The fifth Tear ef George JIT.	*U

afted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid lift recked A. D. ad, fb far as it relates to the continuing and amending the 1765. hid laws in relation to butter and tallow, and the calks an Chap. !{. which fnch goods are to be made up, and for the curing of ^ hides, and making up beef and pork for exportation, with tht feveral alterations and amendments herein after contain* ed, (hall be and the lame is hereby further continued until the twenty ninth day of September, which will be in the year of our Lord, one thouland feven hundred and ninety one, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of Parliament, and no longer.

VIII.	And to the end that the teveral rules, regulations, orders, and directions* in this and the laid laii recited ads mentioned and contained, may be kridly obferved and faith* fully and truly executed in the city of Cork, which is a place of great export, be it enaded by the authority afore* hid, That from and after the end of the next feflion of Par* Weirhmsfr lament after the twenty ninth day of September, one thou* cm in Cork land (even hundred and fixty-nine, Jofeph Hoare efquire, appointed in* Henry Sheares efquire, and Edward Hoare the younger, kj*£**f efquire, and the furvivors and furvivor of them, mav be ap*	^

pointed weigh maker and weigh makers of the laid city of Cork in the place and kead of the pretent weigh makers thereof with the fame and the like fees payable and in the fame manner recoverable for the trouble, charges, and ex* peaces, which they (hall be at in the execution of the laid offices, and fubjed to the like removal for mifbehaviour, with liberty of appeal, and to the fame conditions, rules, re* gulations, orders, diredionc, under the fame penalties, as the prefent weigh makers of the laid city of Cork were and ate now liable to by the (aid lak mentioned ads \ which (aid offices (hall from and after the end of the next feflion of Parliament after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thouland feven hundred and fixty-nine, be executed by the hid Jofeph Hoare, Henry Sheares, and Edward Hoare, or by the furvivors or furvivor of them, his or their deputy or deputies, to be by him or them nominated or appointed, during the good behaviour of the (aid Jofeph Hoare, Henry Sheares, and Edward Hoare.

IX.	Be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That In aMcnce the mayor, fheriffs, and common council of the city of of wsifh-maf. Coik, m the hbfence of the weigh maker or weigh makers for the time bring, from the faid city, (hall and may upon ^ appoint ?< hill proof of thk mifbehaviour ,of any deputy or deputies, others, sow appointed^ or that (hall hereafter be app&inted by fuch weigh maker or weigh makers, either upon fu& hearing of him or thexq^or upon his or their being duly fummoned, and negk&mg to appear, by writing under their refpedive hands ao4 feats* remove fuch deputy or deputies from his or O 2	their

Digitized by L,ooq le

Deputies to receive forfeitures and ac

by 25 G 3. c. 54. f 3. with alterations.

The fifth Tent of George til. fchfcir tjffifce ot offices, and nominate find appoint fcnbthfcf 6r others to aft in his or their (lead, during the ab&ii^e eat fuA Weigh mailer or weigh hiafterg from the laid icity.

X.	And he it enafted by the authority aforefaid, ThM. the deputy weigh mailers of the city of Cork (hail be tures ana ac- *by direfted and required to feceive all Tfldh^eualtfes and f&-count quarterly.	tf8	by t^e laid daft recited afts, Or any of them, 4ft

to go to the governors of the workhonfe of the faid ind to hceount quarterly on oath with the eOUrt of aiftftasit§ of the faid workhdufe for the faid penalties and fbrfeiteirten received by them refpeftively, dedufting five pounds out every hundred pounds fo received, as a recompcirce fot their trouble.

Their fees $1. X'L And whereas by in aft made in the firft yettr of lift per 100I. -prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An 48 for reviving, rott* ■fittuthg, and amending feveral temporary fatutes, and fir affs&r JI,G. 3. ip. purpf&s therein mentioned, the feveral prdvifions made by 4fi **■ 4o*	-Aft paffed the preceding feffion, intituled, An a8 for the

•	•	*tt>te effectual enlightening the rity of Dublin* and the Tibrrthfs

afyears from t^reof, and for the ereBing of publish lights in other effect,

24 June 1785, -towns corporate, and market towns in this kthgd&ht, .W&rc’extended to feveral cities and towns corporate, to whfch.

Was fome doubt, Whether the faid laft incited aft emended": "and whereas it has been found, that the faid proviftons bartfc *not fully anfwered the good purpofes thereby intended^ Provifion for fee- it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in every city, lighting the dif- ,&r the lighting of which no particular provifion is made by ferent pariihcs. .afly aft parliament now’ in force, the feveral and refpeftftfe ♦parities in fuch cities, fhall aft their refpedtve veftries, which the miniflers of the refpeftive parilhes, or their curates, aifi hereby required to call On the nrfl day of June, ohe thotf-fand leven hundred and fixtydix, and afterwards on iheMohf-^day itext enfuing the twenty-fifth day of MarcK fn every year, determine the fize, fort, form, and number of lamps Xo be erefted, and in what ftreets or places, and ih whait -mattrier, and at what diflances the fame {hall be fet up, and dn What nights, and for what hours, the fame fhall be lighted-arid kept burning-; and Audi make an eftimate of thte expences thereof; and fhall.-make fuch con trafts- for the

*	•	'	erefting, lighting, and repairing fuch lamps, ay they fhall

-judge mbfl expedient for the publick fervice and every in-/ habitant in fuch city, being the head of a family, and pay-,	ing five pounds yearly nlnt^ or upwards, or being the occu-

pier of a houfe within fo*h city, of ftjph yearly value as aforefaid, fU?!! be intitled to vote in the veftry of that pA-rifh, within which he re Tides ; and that fuch veftries, the « better to enable them to carry this aft into execution, (htdl ' have power to adjourn from time to time for the fpace of ten ' day6, and no more, from the firft day of their faid refpec-,	* tive meetings inclufivc.

XII. And

Digitized by

Google

Altered b j 14 G- y C.

Tbt fifth Tear of George III.

XII- A*d to tfee end that the expences of erediog, lighting, and maintaining fuch lamps may be equally borne by the inhabitants of fuch cities, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the occupiers of all Tuch houfes, as are already rated for minifters money, (hall be ratcably charged in proportion to the miniilers money payable for their laid ^

Ijoyfes; and that the (aid feveral and refpedive parilhes (hall at their (aid refpcciive veflries appoint four perfons, who (hall apon ?atk, to be adminiflcred to them by the refpedive mijptters or curates, value and eftimate the yearly value of al) fuch hojifes, as are not rated for miniilers money in the faid rcfpe&ive pariihes, and who (hall return the fame to the faid rqJ'pedive veflries, who (hall confirm or alter the fame tn foqh manner, as (hall be agreeable tojufticc.

XIII.	3c it enabled by the authority aforefaid, Tbet Altered by |H*n<Jcvery the occupiers of all fuch houfes (hall be rate*- 1 *• l4c* *•c* bly charged in proportion to the miniflcrs money, and fuoft 209 raluation, with the yearly fum to be paid by him, her, or

them, towards the expence of ereding, lighting, and main* taiaing fuch lamps, and (hall pay the lame yearly to the per*, ferns appointed tc» polled the fame, as hereinafter is mentioned; and after rcfufalor negled to pay the fame after readable demand thereof, fuch collector or collectors is and are hereby empowered to levy the fame by di it refs and fale of the poods of fuch occupier fo refufmg, and alfo one (hilling for the expence of fuch diilrefs.

XIV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That ejnbafcrmnts9 the (aid feveral and refpedive pariihes (hall at their refpedive

vedries, foheld as aforefaid, v early chufc two fubflanlial ho- fcc*uddiuk. neft and difereet inhabitants ot their faid refpedive parilhes to coll^ the money fo afiefled upon the inhabitants of the faid rripc&ive pari five g, and to overfee and direct the electing, lighting, and maintaining the faid lamps in the faid respective pari(bes, and to allow fuch perfoos as a reward fur their trouble and expence about the fame, fuch fum as fuch vef-tries (hall think reafonable ; provided, that fuch fun.S) do not exceed in the whole the fum of fix pence in the pound of fuch fums, as they (hall fo collect.

XV. Provided always, That the perfons fo chofen, fnall,	An J giving before they (ball enter upon their refpedive offices, give fuf- fccunt)*« ficient fecurity to the refpedive miniilers of l'licli pariihe^

for the due execution of their faid refpedive offices, and to account duly for fuch fums as they (hall fo colled.

XVI.	Provided always, That if the minilter or curate cf MlniArmot any of the faid parities (hall refufe or ncgled to call and hold calling vdiry veftries for the purpofes herein before mentioned at the rer &ne«i nor fpedive times herein before mentioned, fuch minifler or his looi*

curate (hall, upon complaint made thereof to any one of the	*

next going judges of allize, and proof upon oath of fuch 4	refutal

Digitized by

Google

Laying dun*

M filth before iny building*, fewky jg.

Inhabitants ^ nagle&ing to iweep before their buildings end walls, penalty it.

oaid penalties, deducing eapnues, yo debtors.

The ffih Tear tf George Ilf. refufal or neglcA, fuch minifter or curate (hall be fined for -fvery fuch refufal or negleft, in any film fuch judge Audi think proper, not exceeding the fum of one hundred pounds.

XVII.	And for the preventing the laying of dung, dirt, or other filth in the publick flreets and lanes of cities or county towns, and for the more effe&ual cleanfmg and keeping the fame clean, be it ena&ed by the authority afore* faid. That no perfon or pertons whatsoever (hall lay down, and fuffer to remain above twenty-four hours, any dung, dirt, or bther filth, in any ftreet or lane in any city or county town, before his, her, or their dwelling houfe or houfes, (tables, buildings, or walls, or before the dwelling houfe, (tables, buildings, or walls of any other perfon, or before the walls of churches, church yards, or other publick buildings 5 and if any perfon (hall be convicted of any of the laid offences before the mayor, or other mag ift rate of fuch city or county town, where fuch offence is committed, by die 6ath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, every fueh offender (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five (hillings, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of the mayor, or other magiftrate of fuch city or county town, before whom fuch offender (hall be fo convicted.

XVIII.	Be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every inhabitant in every city or county towp, (hall before nine of the clock in the morning of everyday (except Sunday) fweep and cleanfe, or caufe to be fwept and deanfed, before their refpedtive houfes, buildings, and walls in the flreets of the faid cities or county towns, and in fuch lanes as carriages can pafs through, to the end that the dirt may be ready to be carried away by the lefpe&ive fcavengers, upon pain to forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of one (hilling; the faid offence to be heard and determined, and the faid penalty to be levied in the manner herein before mentioned j and the fcavengers in the faid cities and county towns, (hall, three days in every week, to be appointed by the refpe&ive mayors in the faid cities, and magillrates of county towns, carry away all the diYt and filth out of all and every the flreets and lanes through which carriages can pafs, in the faid cities and county towns, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of ten fhfllfngs for every negled ; the faid forfeiture to be heard and determined, and the penalty levied in the manner herein before mentioned.

XIX.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid feveral penalties, after deducing the expences of levying the fame, (hall be applied by the refpe&ive magistrates, before whom the feme fhall be recovered, for the ufe

1	 '	'	"	*	•	of

Digitized by v^ooQle

7Ar fifth Ytmr of George HI. of the priibners for debt in the refpedive gaols of the (hid cities and county towns.

XX.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefeud, That it (hall be lawful for any perfon or perfons to carry away and apply to his and their own life any dung or dirt, which (hall lie in any (beet or lane in any city or market town; and in cafe any fiiit or a&ion (hall be commenced agminft any perfon or perfons, for what he or they (hall do in purfuance of this ad, the defendant or defendants in fuch a&ion, (hall plead the general HTue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence ; and if a verdid (hall be given for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuit, the defendant or defen* daats (hall have and recover his or their treble cods.

XXI.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained, (hall extend to the city of Dublin.

XXII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the (aid feveral provifions for lighting and cleaning fuch cities, (hall be and continue in force for the fpace of (even yews from the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-fix, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament.

XXIII.	And whereas an ad pafled in the firft year of his Majefty's reign, in titled, An a8 to prevent the exctjfive price if coals m the city of DubTint as alfo an ad pafled in the third yew of his Majefty’s reign, intituled. Am aO to emend end continue the feud oQ, have been found to be of life t and whereas the city of Cork is very populous, and contains a great number of manufadurers, who are often greatly dif-treffed by the excefGve price of coals in the faid city : be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the (aid recited ads, and all and every claufe and claufet therein contained (ball extend to the city of Cork as fully to all intents and porpofes, as if the faid city was exprefsly mentioned in the laid ad ; (ave only that all ads direded to be done, and all powers given by the (aid ads or either of them to the lord mayor or recorder of the city of Dublin, (hall be exercif-<d by the mayor or recorder of the (aid city of Cork for the time being; and all powers, given by the (aid ads or either of them to the lord mayor, (heriffs, and recorder of the city of Dublin (hall be exercifed in the city of Cork by the mayor, (heriffs, and recorder of the feud city ; and that all ads direded to be done, and all powers given by the feud ads oreitherof them to the lord mayor and board of aldermen, (hall in the city of Cork be exercifed by the mayor and common council of the city of Cork; and that the power of making bye laws, given by the feud ad to the lord mayor, recorder, and board of aldermen, (hall in the city of Cork be veiled in the mayor, recorder, and common council of tfce (aid city ; and lave alfo that the civil bills, direded by

the

Dung, *c. taken by any one to hit lie.

^Dublin except-

To be continued 7 years,

Stc from i Bity 1766.

fed. IS, 2J, 14, si, *6 continued to 1797* by 19 and 10 O. 3. c. 14. f. 10. and to 1806 by *5 O. 3. c. 54* f. 1.

1 O. 3. 1<X .1 o. j. S7.

to Cork, Jtc.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Kot above

treafurer, di redor't fecuri ty 3000I.

fifth Ytar of George ITT. the feud efts Or either qf them to be brought begone tbe r-<v corder of the city of Dublin, fhall in the city oF Cork, be btought.before the going judges of aiTize for the county of the (aid city.

XXIV* Provided always. That the fum to be advanced fi^Iepiity vice ^7 the ^deputy vice treafurcr, over and above the Aim that (hall be. paid into him by the director of the pnbiick coal yard for the city of Cork, fhall not at any time exceed thoufand pounds; and that the fecurity to be given by the faid director fhall be in the penalty of three thoufand pounds, and no more.

Mayor to XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted. by the autho-widhout^pence I^t7 aforelaid, Tliat the office of comptroller (hall be exe?-to public. r cifed by the mayor of the city of Cork for the time being without any expence to the publiek.

Buying or fcl- XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid,

dSabted^ and^’ ^at anT Per^on fhall buy or ailY the offices in the tool penalty to a& mentioned or any part of them, or (hall bargain or profecutor, 1 agree to hate any money or profit for any of the faid offices or any part of the fame, or to the intent that any perfon fhould have any of the faid offices or any part of the feme, any fxirferi, who (hall fo buy or fell, bargain or agree as aforefaid, or who fhall give any promife or affurance of money or of any other coniideration for any of the faid offices, and fhall be convi£ed upon an a&ion, indi&ment, or information for fuch offence, {hall from the time of fuch convidliqn be adjudged a difabled perfon to hold fuch office, and {hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds to fuch perfon, who fhall firft fue or profecute for the fame with effedt ; and all fuch bargains, agreements, and affurances {hall be null aud void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XXIX.	And whereas it is expedient, that the grand jury °rand jury^m-	coimty Kilkenny fhall have power to prefent a

powered to pre- greater yearly fum for the treafurer of the faid county, than font 40L a year they by,the laws now in force are impowered to do, the faid mor6*	county	requiring from its (ituation and circumflances large

fums to be raifed for the repair of roads and other public purpofes, and requiring a treafurcr very converfant in accounts, and who can give fecurity for fuch large fums, as are ncceffary to be raifed in that county: be it ena&ed by the authority afprefajef, That from and after the fir if day of May, one thoufaod feven hundred and fixty-fix, the grand jury at the affixes to be held for the faid county from time to time ftall have powe^, if they think fit, to make preferments in the ufual manner for the raffing any fum, not exceeding forty pounds a year, for the treafurer of the faid county for the time beiqg, over and above the fum which

Ac

, v ■	.	.	£

fuch bargain, &c. void.

For treafurer

Digitized by L»ooQle

The ffth r«w of George HI.	si;

♦k grand jury of the ftid cwunty ia impowerai by thekts A. J>. now ia force to prefent for loch tradhrtr; tod the judge* *t	1765.

fuefc 2iTi7.es fraU a»d may confirm the {aid prefe&UafcBt, S^v^s4/ XXXII. And be it farther ena&cd by the authority Sematt • afortfaid. That an ad ptfcd in the twenty-fifth year «f ki* wa6t** btf Majefly King George the fecund’s ttign, for .lie inter "'^"1, fifing and more cafy recovery of the wages of certain far* a$G i S.

and certain apprentices, and for the fmifitmcot of fimh pcrpctatL * waastj if coals and tosir agents, as Jhall knowingly employ md jd at 'xork perfons retained in the firvice of other owners, and dfo that mutual debts between forty and forty be fit one ngdmft th: ether, which laid ad hat been continued with forejpl amendments by fevcral afibt of T'ariinjncnt, (hall he nod -it hereby made perpetual*

CHAP. XVI.

An det for continuing and amending fevered Laws relating to his Meiyfiy's Revenue, and for the more efcdmal preventing of Frauds therein9 and for other Purpefes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the fe»rol laws heretofore made to pir- Explained, vent frauds in hit Majcfty’s revenue of cuilouns and f*»	3

eseife, have proved incffoftual to anfwer the pur poles there-	^

by intended, by reafon of many foc:*et and daadrftine prac- c 8. L a a, tices made ufe of to evade or ciude the lame : and whereat fome doubts have been made concerning perfons who are or fhould be deemed retailers of fpirkoeus liquors, matt liquors, tobacco, and tea: be it therefore declared and enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty by and with the advice and coo&nt of the lords fpirhual and tempos*) and commons ia this pick at Parliament aflembkd, and by the tufrorky of the lame. That from aud alter the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufcud feven hundred and fixty-	Mbnir frM-

lk ail and every perfon and pexfons, who frail foU my fpi-rittious liquors ia any quantity under one g&Uata, my m*Jt malt under «o, liquors under tue quantity of tea gallons, any tobacco under toUacco under the qaautky of twenty pounds weight, or any tea under the quanthy of two pounds weight, frail to all intents and purposes be deemed aud taken to he a retailer or retailers of the iaid commodities respectively, and be fubjeft to all and every of the laws and rules tow in force with refpefit to jrr-tailcra of fuch commodities.

II.	And be it faiths* eaafiad by the authority aforefaid, Concealing That from and after the &id twenty-fourth day of June, oac [f °m ° ,Ia

,	.	.	-	,	,	i	e	r	r	r	l»q«or» Ulj;nw»

thoaiaad fieven hundred and tuty-hx, no perfoo or perfooa fuf|y brewed fell harbour, keep, orconcxal, nor frail kpnwiogiy permit or diftiitot, or fufFer to be harboured, kept,, or CORQCJlWL MT give Pbc* toy affiftance, or reward to «jy^pcrfbn or perfons to kJe*

harbour,

Digitized by LjOOQle

*i8	Tbi fifth Year y George III.

A. D.	harbour, keep, or conceal in any houfe, outhoufe, turf

1765.	flack, hay nek, or other place or placet whatfoever any

Chap. 16. beer, ale, fpirits, or ilrong waters, low wines, finglings, t	wafh, or pot ale, which (hall hate been unlawfully brewed,

made, or diilillcd, and whereof the duties due and payable thereupon (hall not hare been paid or fecnced according to law; and if any perfon or perfons (hall offend in the pre-miflet, then and in the fercral and refpe&ive cafes afordiud the perfon or perfons, who (hall harbour, keep, or conceal in any place or places whatfoever any fuch beer, ale, ilrong waters, low wines, finglings, wa(h, or pot ale as aforefaid, from the fight or view of the officer or officers appointed to view, gauge, or take an account of the fame, (hall over and above the forfeiture of all fnch beer, ale, ilrong waters, low wines, finglings, wafh, or pot ak, and all other penalties, likewise forfeit the fum of five pounds; and the perfon and perfons, who (hall knowingly permit or fuffer the goods or commodities aforefaid or any of them to be harboured, kept, or concealed in any place whatfoever in his, her, or their pofleffion or occupation, and the perfon or perfons likewiie who (hall give any aid, affiflance, or reward in or for the harbouring, keeping, or concealing from the view or fight of the officer or officen, appointed to gauge and take an account of the fame, any of the goods and commodities aforefaid, (hall in each and every the cafes aforefaid refpe&ivdy forfeit the fum of three pounds.

Vfttiee in IIL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, writing to that from and after the find twenty-fourth day of June, one colMor by thoufimd (even hundred and fixty-fix, no perfon or perfons ^llcTwith hi* whatfoever (hall brew, make, or diffil any malt or fpirituous name and place liquors for foie in any part or place in this kingdom, until he, •f trade. (he, or they give notice in writing under his, her, or their . hand or hands to the coDc&or of exdfe for the di(lri&, in which fuch brewer or diftiller intends to carry on the trade of brewing or diflilling, containing the real chriftsan and furaame of fuch brewer or diftiller, and the place where fuch brewer or diftiller does intend to carry on the brewing or diflilling trade; and if any perfon or perfons (hall after the fold twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufond (even hundred and fixty-fix, brew, or make, or difhl any malt or fpirituous liquors for fide without giving fuch notice as afore-foid, or (hall carry on the foid brewing or diflilling trade in any other than his, her, or their own name or names, or in the name of any perfon or perfons fove the perfon or perfons who is or are really interefted in fuch brewery or diflilling, and for whofe benefit and advantage the fame is carried on, then and in every fuch cafe the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

... *	IV. And

Digitized by L.ooQle

The fifth Year uf George 111.

IV.	And be it further eroded hr the authority afbre-fkid, that every common brewer of beer and ale, who (hall have or keep, or permit or fuffer to be kept, any fire trader ha, her, or their copper or copper*, pan or pant, or other brewing veflelt or utenfik, between the hour of fix of the dock in the afternoon on any Saturday and the hour of fix of the dock in the afternoon on any Sunday, and every chfhfler or maker of low wines, fpirits, aquavit*, or ftroag wsters for (ale, who (hall have or keep, or permit or fuffer to be kept, airy fire for fetting hit, her, or their ftiU or ftiBa at work for the diddling or making any of the liquor* aforefaid between the hour of fix of the dock in the afternoon on any Saturday and the hour of four of the dock iu the morning on any Monday, every fuch brewer and diftiQer (hall refpe&ively forfeit in lieu of all former penalties the fum of fifty pounds for every time he, (he, or they (hall have or permit any fire to be kept in his, her, or their brewing nonfe or difttiling boufe refpe&ively within the refpe&ive times herein before mentioned.

Brewer beeping fire voder veficle between 6 on Saturday and 6 Svndsy at-cernooa, di£ tiller between 6 Saturday and 4 Mondap morning, in Um of former penal-tier forfeit $oL every time.

V. And be it further eroded by the authority aforefaid, Tofemife that every common brewer of beer and ale, and every com-mon diftiller or maker of low wines, fpirits, antavk*, or (bong waters for lisle within this kingdom (haU on every funfct, rifit made by any officer or officers of exdfe after funfet in the evening and before funrife in the morning at the rtfpeo-trve brewhoufes and ftiDhoufes of fuch brewer or diftiDer

fbmi(h and fupply fuch officer and officers on demand made by him or them, with lights fufficient to enable fuch officer or officers to fearch, furvey, and examine the dock of beer, tie, fpirits, aquavit*, and ftrong waters then on hand, bo-longing to fuch brewers and diftiDert refpe&ively, under the penalty of forfeiting the fum of five pounds for every penalty jL time fuch brewer or diltiller (hall negle& or refute on demand made as aforefaid, to fupply fuch lights, ss herein before is dire&cd.

VI.	And whereas it has frequently happened, that per-mits or let pallet have been taken out of the proper office Fenn,t*’ for granting permits or let paflet for goods and commodities, that have been fairly and regularly entered, and the duties for the fame duly paid; ncverthrlefs the feveral goods and commodities mentioned and contained in fuch permit or let pafs, or any part thereof, have not been Cent or conveyed from the port or place, where the fame have been entered, to any other port or place within this kingdom, under the cover and authority of fuch permit j but the laid permit or let pals, fo taken out as aforefaid, has been fent to feme diftant part in this kingdom without any of the goods and commodities mentioned or contained in fuch permit or let pais j and gftcrfraob with a fraudulent intent to cover other

Digitized by v^ooQle

T'be fcfib Year o/Qtorge III. good* of tfre fame denomination apd kiqdy which h**e fyjen

claodeftiaely and illegally landed ii\ this kjngdqm, application has been made to $1* collector or other officer of within the diftrift, wherein frch gpoda and cotnmodi^efi were pretended to have been feqt^ for a new pefjnit of pa(sy upon an adegation that the? goods and commodities, foppofod to have been fent with the faid former peinjak* were ordered to be returned for want of buyers, or for £ba)c' other reason, and a uew permit having been taken out, gipunded QB the faid former permit, Several goods and coqi? Utodities of tlie fame denomination and kind, that have b^n illegally landed in this kingdom, h^vf under colour of tficb fecund permit been fent from one place to another without difcovery of the fraud to the great detriment of his (dajc&y’s revenue and the fair trader; for remedy wh^reofo be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoofaod feven hundred and fixty fix, in all cafes, where by law per? mita or let pafies for carrying excifeable goods from one part of this kingdom to another is required, and fuch permits or let paflls (hall be iffued or taken out, the owner or other prrfon or pet ions to whom fuch excifeable goods and com? modiiics lhall he fold, configned to, or fent, (hail immedi? ately after the arrival of fuch goods and commodities in the port or place, to which they (hall have been lent or dire^fed* give notice in writing to the furveyor of excife, or in bis abfence to the gauger or gaugers of fuch port or place, of the arrival of fuch goods and commodities, who are hereby yelpetliwly required and dire&ed without delay to repair to the place, where fuch goods and commodities (hall then be, and (hall then and there carefully examine the faid goods and commodities with the contents of the faid permit, and (hail take the faid permit fent with the fjiid goods from the owner, or other perfon having charge of the fame, and lhall upon affidavit made by the perfon or perfons, to whom fuch goods or commodities (hall be fo fent (which affidavit fuch liuveyor, gauger or gaugers, are hereby refpeclivciy authorized to take) that the feveral gqods and commodities, mentioned and contained in fu«?h permit, were really and truly brought from the pprt or plaice mentioned fo fuch permit by virtue and in purfuance thereof, thereupon without fee or reward give to the faid owner, or perfon having charge of the faid goods, a certificate in writing under his hand, containing a true aud particular account of all the goods and commodities, that he (lull have fo viewed and exannn-ed : which certificate, fo made and figu^d as aforefaid, (hall be deemed, takcq,. and allowed to be of equal authenticity with the original permit for the'purpof^ of praying the dutiejj -paid, and for ah other purpofes wiutfoeyer, except only for

~	the

Digitized by L»ooQle

7%e fflh Ttar of	Hi.

th* {airpofe of eStTyingor tmiWfhkg tfm f*d gottjsatil places *here they (hull haw bcewtiirft feit, to any <tther port or place ; find that the mtrabhifci a^lriser, or Other pWfcWi having change of the faid gocfdl )thd Commodities, fhall wpon every lubfoquent removal tit fcWveyanee of the fetae goods «0d commodities from one pEfcfce to another tkke Otit a heir permit or permits from fWHc one of the officers Of esecife trfthtb tho diftrici, vAuttt tlfey (hall then he, groYirided oridufch Ccrtifld&te assforcf&idt for fuch parts or fe much of the fold goods and coromodi-tits 3s fuch rtreVctMfrtj owners or other perfon demanding fadh sew perhfit, (hall hive oecifton to (etui, or (hall requirt th^be fent, to any either part or placed

VII.	And be k- further <rfe&ed by the authority srfor#-ft?d, That firoin and after the (aid twenty-fourth day of Jane, one thou (arid feven hundred and fixty-fix, all permit* or let pafles whatsoever, that (hall be iflued and granted by thy officer of the feveriue having power or authority to grant the fctne, or who has uftndly granted the fame, (hall be wrote, (lamped, or printed in plain and legible characters; and fholl contain Ibe fevend foliowlhg-paftioulars (that is to fey) the date, -the humbef, irid the <liftrt& from whence tffered,- and the ‘place to which the (fcitte -is intended to be tarried, and (hill piirtfcttlarly txprefi the marks, weight, package, and quantity of goods, contained or to be cow-tamed in foch permit, as exa&ly.as the cafe will wdm>t O^ or (hall give fuch-other particular descriptions of the goods ■and Commodities to lie mentioned and contained in fuch peewit, as (hall effe&tfcWy comprize thefame, and prevent other good* from bemg fraudulently conveyed or carried from /me place to another under colour thereof; and (hall like wife contain the real chfrftian and fnmames of the perfon or per-fens fending the faid goods and commodities, and of the prifen or prribrts to Whom intended to be foot; and in cafe any fi&ttknw name or names (hall be infefted in any fuch ptrmk or perfnks, *he goods mentioned therein (hall be forfeited ; and at the *foot of the faid permit (hall Hkewife be wtntionrd feme teafonable Kmitted time for fuch permit to Ife In force and fttr lofiger, for the conveyance of fuch goods Item otte place fo another 5 and after the expiration of fuch litoiHed time the faid permit or let pafs (hall not be of any force for pfote&tag or conveying the goods and commodities, which Orall be mentioned or contained therein, from

Permit* wrote or printed plainly, with the date, number, dif-trid, and place to which, aud particular de-f-ription foaa to prevent fraudulent conveyance of' other goods

being feized by any officer of his Majefty’s revenue and forfeited, as goods clandeltmdy run or imported, or fraudulently brewed, made, or diddled.

VIII. Provided always, that if the carriage of fuch goods ^ and commodities from one place to another lhall be prevent- prCvelJt-ed from being fuHv perfonned within the time limited tried, an officer

fuch

Digitized by L.ooQle

on notice (hall by indorfc-ment enlarge the time*

Where car* riage prevent* ed by accident, on ppof permit continued for the time loft.

Additional drawback 3d. per jnillon out of inland ex* cife on export of fpirits and ftrone waters diftilledhere.

9hi fifth Tear	George ITI.

fuch permit by any unforefeen or unavoidable accident, then, on notice being immediately given by the owner or carrier of fuch goods or commodities to any officer of the revenue, and a reft or (lay being made of fuch goods or commodities at or near the place, where fuch accident (hall happen, the officer of the revenue, to whom fuch notice (hall be given as aforefaid, (hall without anjr delay repair to the place, where fuch goods and commodities (hall then be; and if fuch officer (hall find upon view or enquiry, fuch goods and com* modities were (topped or delayed in their carriage by toy fuch accident as before mentioned, then and in fuch came fuch officer (hall thereupon by indorfement on fuch pen&it enlarge the time for the carriage of the faid goods to the place of their firft deftination ; and if any officer of the re* venue (hall wilfully or negligently omit or refufe to do hit duty herein according to the directions aforefaid, fuch officer (hall, on proof being made thereof to the fatisfac-tion of the chief commiffioners of his Majefty’a revenue, or any three or more of them, forfeit and lofe the fum of ten pounds.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted by the authority aforefcid, That in all cafes, where the carriage of fuch goods and commodities (hall by means of any accident he prevented from being performed within the time limit* ed by the laid permit, and that fully proved to the fatia* fa&ion of the chief commiffioners and fub-commiifioners of excife, in their refpe&ive diftridts, the faid permit (hall continue and be in force for the carriage of the faid goods and commodities to the place of their deftination for fuch time only, and no longer, as was loft or delayed by fuch accident.

X.	And whereas it will be advantageous to the tillage of this country, that fome additional drawback of the inland excife upon fpirits and ftrong waters diftHLed in this kingdom, may be given upon exportation of the fame: be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-feven, the perfon exporting fuch fpirits or ftrong waters, (hall be intitled to an additional drawback of three pence per gallon out of the inland excife upon fuch (pints or ftrong waters, over and above any other drawback heretofore granted upon exportation of the fame; fuch drawback to be allowed in fuch manner, as fuch perfon would have been intitled to any former drawback of excife, under an a&, made in the thirty third year of his late Majefty’s reign, intituled, An ad for the better regulating the colledion of hie Majejlft revenue, and /or preventing of frauds therein ; and for repealing an ad made the lajl fejfion of Parliament, intitled. An ad for continuing and amending feveral laws heretofore made

relating

Digitized by UooQle

The fifth Year •/George III.

**3

rioting to bit Majefifs revenue, and for the mart efithml fro-	A* D.

venting of frandt in bis Mmkfiy's cufioms and exafe* and the 1765. ftverd ads andfiatntes which an mentioned in thefindad9 and Chap. 16. continued thereby, fuch peribn performing the fcveral rcqui* ^ *>rvj fites, and fubjed to the fevenl reftridiont and penalties in 33	*•	10.

the (aid ad mentioned.

XI. And be it further enaded by the authority afbrefaid, No fpfrfes That bo peribo or perfbns (hall (hip, or put on board any (kipped, (aye (hip or reflel, any fpirits, exceeding what (hall be necefla-tj for (hip’s (tores during her intended voyage, in order to rcjmo^ dtfcharge or land the lame in any other port or place within unlcft contents this realm, unlefs fuch	(hall,	before the **!•* de-

ihippiag thereof,	he

tomer, or comptroller of the port where the lame (hall be focarfey in

(hipped, in the open cuftom-houie, the juft and true contents double vmlae,

and value of the laid fpirits; and (hall alfo make and enter to <Kiyurge Jt

into a fuflkient obligation in the law to the Kmgr’s Ma-J^eMiiwS^

jefty, his heirs and focceflbrs, with fufficient fureties tn fuch ^ no other,

fum as (hall amount to double the value of fuch fpirits fo danger of teas

declared and manifcfted, with condition that the fame (hall csccpted.

be difeharged at fbme lawful port or place within this realm

(mentioning the port or place particularly) and not in any

ether port or place whatsoever, (the danger of the fea only

excepted) and that a certificate mall be returned within the

fpace of fix months, attefted by the coUc&or, or other chief

officer of the port, where fuch fpirits (hall be landed, that

the fame were landed accordingly; and the (aid bond (hall

be valid sad cffe&ual in law for the recovery of the penalties

therein refpedively contained, until fuch certificate (hall be

returned as afbrefaid, and (hall from thenceforth be void and

delivered up to be cancelled.

XII.	Provided always. That if the (aid fpirits (hall On proof of perifo or be loft at fea, and that duly proved to the fatisfac* loft at fea, tionof the chief comnuffiooers of the revenue, or any three

or more of them, the faid bonds (hall thereupon be void and c vcr up* of no c&d, and be delivered up to the refpedive obligers; which bonds and certificates the colkdors, cuftomers, or comptrollers refpedively are hereby required and authorized totake and give accordingly.	•

XIII.	And whereas by an aft made in the feventeenth Licences, and eighteenth years of the reign of King Charles the r7 and fccond, intitled. An aS fir the better ordering the filling of**‘ *• f9* f* *• •wina, end aquavit** together with all forts of firong waters

bj retail) it is among other things enaded, That none (hall Ml, or utter wine or ftrong waters by retail, unlefs licenfcd thereto, as by the faid ad is direded: and it is further cnafted in and by the (aid ad, that the fums payable upon the iffuing and granting licences for' the felling of wines and (bong waters refpedively, (hall be paid by two feveral equal $	payments;

. Digitized by Goog :

«4

A> D.

:

A jufticc on information on oath, may fummon pcr-fons fufpe&ed of felling fpi* rits, ftrong •waters, wine, beer or ale, •without licence ;

The fflb Year tftSeorge Ttf. pfrfmfcftta * the ftrft thereof to be made before th£ perfon fo to be licenfed take otit his licence, and the feeond payment to be made at the end of fix months after the date of fueh lfeenee : and the parties fo to be licenfed, are required, by the find recited aft, to enter into bonds for the refpeftive feepnd payments: and whereas federal perfon*, who have executed bonds for the faid feeond payment, tiegleft or re-fufe to ptrf the money for which fiich bonds were ehtered into, and are greatly encouraged to delay the faid feeond payment, by reafon of the tedious and expenfere method of filing for the fame, by aftion of debt, bi8, plaint, or information, in a court of record, as by the faid recited aft is required: be it therefore farther enafted by the authority aforefeid. That from and immediately after the pafling of this aft, h (hall and may be lawfai to and for the coDeftors of excite in their fereral and refpeftive diftrifts in this kingdom, in his or their names refpeftmly, to fue for, and recover all and every fum and fums of money now due, or hereafter to become due, upon fneh bonds, as have been, or fhall be hereafter executed for fuch feeond payment of licence-money, in a fnmmary way by civil bill, before the juftice or jufticesof aflr/e in their refpeftive circuits, or before fuch juftices of the peace, or fuch of his Majesty's Council at law, as (hall attend at the quarter fdlibns to be held for the county of Dublin, or m the county of the city of Dublin, before the recorder of the faid city, or the perfon or petfons authorised to hear civil bills in his fcbfenoe; and fuch fiiits fhaH be proceeded on, and cofts paid, in the fame manner as is ufual between party and party, . under the feveral civil bill afta now in force ; and the determinations thereon fhall be as valid and effeftual in the law as if the fame had been carried on and pnofecuted by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in a court of record ; any thing in the (kid recited aft to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XIV.	And whereas (here are at pnefent great quantities of fpirits fold in obfenre and unlieenfed houfes: and whereas abufes of this kind do frequently pafe unpunifhed : in order therefore for the more effeftually preventing the feme, be it Cna&ed by the authority aforefeid. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufend feven hundred and fixty-fix, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any one Or more of his Majefty*s juftices of pence, on infotmation upon oath made before him or them to fummon, (and they are hefeby required fo to do) any perfon or perfons fufpeft-ed of feHing fpirits, or ftrbng waters, wine, beer, or ale without licence, and to require m faid fummons fuch perfon or perfons to bring with him or them, and produce before fuch jufticc orjttftices of . the peace* fnehlicence or antho-

d by.

. Google

The fifth Tear of George III.	at

rky, as he, /be, or they may have for (ale of fuch beer, ale, A. D. {pints, wine, or ftrodg waters; and in cafe fuch perfon or 1 perfons (hall not produce fuch licence or authority as afore- Chap. i6. laid, then, and in fuch cafe, fuch juflice or juftices /hall proceed to examine fuch witnefs or witneffes upon oath, as (hall be produced; which oath fuch jullice or juftices is and are hereby empowered to adminilter, and determine whether fuch perfon or perfons did fell any fuch liquors as aforefaid within fix months previous to the i/Toing fuch fummons, and whether fuch perfon or perfons was or were duly authorized to fell the fame; and in cafe it (hall appear to fuch jullice or juftices, that fuch perfon or perfons did fell any of fuch liquors within fix months previous to the ifluing fuch fummons, and was not, or were not duly licenced thereunto, that then fuch jullice or juftices is and are hereby required to award any fum of money not exceeding forty (hillings, to be paid by fuch perfon, who lhall fell without licence any of fuch liquors as aforefaid; and in cafe of nonpayment thereof, to iffue a warrant under his or their hand or hands and feal or feals, to levy fuch fum, as lhall be to awarded, by dillrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of fuch perfon, fo felling any of fuch liquors without licence ai afofdaid, over and above all other penalties whatfoevrr, which he, Ihe, or they may be fubject and liable to by the laws now in force; which laid fum fo awaidcd lhall go to the informer.

XV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That Qn n 0f in cafe fuch feller or fellers of fuch liquors as aforefaid, (ball dKtrcK icm-not have effe&s to the amount of fuch fum, as lhall be award- miu«*d

ed againft him, her, or them as aforefaid, then and in fuch mout* cafe, laid jullice or iuilices of the peace may and are hereby refpeftivcly required and further authorized, by warrant under his or their hands and feals, to commit to the houfe of corrctlion or county gaol the perfon or perfons fo offending, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of one kalendar month.

XVI.	And whereas by an a& of Parliament made and 3O. y *t. paITed in the third year of his prefent Mnjefty’s reign, in- f- K Iccitc<i' titled, An ad for continuing and amending two feveral ads of Parliament therein mentioned, and for the more rfedual prevent*

ing of frauds in bis Majefiy's efioms and excife, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, it is enacted, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufar.d feven hundred and fixty four, it Ihould and mi^ht be lawful to and for the Colle&or of the duties, anting from ftrong water licences in the colle&ion of Duhlin diftrift, to take and receive from every perfon, that lhall be licenfed to fell llrong waters by retail, the fum of two (hillings, and no more, for every recognizance: be it further enafted by the authority afore-Vou V.	P	'	find.

Security to ieep ordeily J.oufc as by :t, a. % 10.

' *3-

SG. 3- 21. r.v . 11. recited.

The fifth Tear y George III* biif That ftom *nd after the twenty fourth day 6f June, one thoufand ftven hundred and fixty fix* it IhaH and may be lawful to and for the feverai cbUtftors of the dude* arifibg frbm flrong water licences in tht colkftions of the fevefal other diftnfta in this kingdom, to take and receive from every perfon, that fhafl be licenced t© (ell ftrong waters by retail, in their refpe&ive diflrifts, the fum of two (hdliriga and no snore* for every recognizance.

XVIII.	Provided* That fucli colleftors refpeftively do take gbod and fufEcient fecurity, that the faid pdrfbfts re-fpeftively do keep a good and orderly houfe, according to the intent and meaning of the aft of Parliament made in the thirty third year of the reign of his (aid late Ma-jefty King George the fecond, in the (aid laft mentioned aft recited.

XIX.	And whereas by an aft of Parliament made and puffed in the third year of his prefent Majefty’fe reign, in-titled, j4n ad for continuing and amending two federal ads of parliament ilxrein mentioned, and for more ffeStucd preventing of frauds in his Majfly's citfioms and exeife, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, it is enafted, that from artd immediately after the palling of the faid recited aft there thould be payable to his Majeftv, his heirs and fuec^fors, for every licence to be granted for felling aquavita Or any kind of flrong waters or fpirits whatfoever by retail in the dity of Dublin, and within four miles of the Tholfel of the faid city, as well within franchifts as without,, fuch fum as thoukl be agreed to be paid for fuch licence purfuant to the direftion of the faid aft of parliament* made in the feventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fecond, in the faid laft mentioned aft recited, fo as none fhouid pay lefs than the futoa of four pounds yearly* and none Ihould be compelled to pay more than ten pounds yearly, any law to the contrary in any wife not-

f r^and col	ail(l	whereas	fence	the	paffing of the faid

recited aft of parliament, made in the third ye&r of the v r£igo of his prefent Majefty, the licence granted for felling tof flrong waters in. the colleftion of Dublin diftrift are decreafcd to one foui tli of the number ufually granted yearly before the palling of the faid aft ; by reafon whereof the fees of thb collector of the duties arifing frotai ftrong water licences in the colleftion of the faid diftrift are reduced to one fourth part of the fum, which they ufually amounted to yearly before the palling of the laid aft : be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, that from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, it (hall and majr be lawful tb and for the eolkftor of the duties arifing from flrong water licences in tht coJkftfoa of Dublin diftnft th take and receive from

ctcrjr

licences Icdnrs fees for Pii Min ducreal-cti 1 -4 th.

additional fee is.

Digitized Joy

C ;

The fifth Year George ML	22

titty perfon, that (hafi be fa licenced, the fuxn of one A. D. flulhng Sngftfc, nod no more, for every licence, which (hall he fb granted, etc? and above the fum of one fhiHtng allow- Char. itS.

<d to him aa a fee Upon each licence by two fevcral adfcs of parliament made in tne reign of King Charles the fecond, m the laid ad of tile thirty third year of the reign of King George the fecond particularly recited, any thing m the (aid ads or any of them to the contrary notwttnftandin^.

XX. And whereas by an ad parted in the third year of jC.3 2I. his Majefty's reign, intitled, An aStfor continuing and amend- ^ • *7 rctit«d. mg two fiveral aSs of parliament therein mentioned\ and for the more effeOual prejenting of frauds in his Majtfiy's cufiomt and exet/Cy and for other pnrpofes therein mentioned, it was among other things enaded, that from and after the twenty fourth day of Jane, one thoufand feven hundred and ftxty four, no perfon or perfons whatsoever fhould fuffer his, hen, or their goods, wares, or merchandizes to remain or lie on the cuftom-hoofe quay of the port of Dublin for any longer fpace of time than ten days, after the fame had been landed, under the penalties in the (aid ad particularly mentioned : and whereas the provifions made in and by the faid recited aft for the removal of Several goods, wares, or merchandizes within the time thereby limited have been found in-effedual to anfwer the ends thereby intended : be it there- ,a^ fore enaded by the authority aforefaid, that from and after quor* rats I by the {aid tweoty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven him- tcc. dred and fixty fix, all fpirits, and other liquors what foe ver, that are rated or pay duty to his Majefty by the gaugr, fhall be taken and earned away from off the cuftopihoufc quay of the port of Dublin within three days (commonly called working days) that is to (ay, three days (not being Sundays or holydays) after fuch fpirits, or other liquors as pay duty by gauge, mall be gauged ; and all wines and other liquors, that are not charged or pay duty by the guage, (hall be removed and taken away from off the (aid cufiomhoufe quay within three days (commonly called working days) after the fame fhaU be landed; and all goods and commodities what* foever, that are charged and pay duty according to their weight, (hall be removed and taken away from off the cuf-tomhoufe quay within three days (commonly called working days (after the fame (hall be weighed ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall contrary to the dire&ions of this permit or infer hit, her, or their goods or merchandizes, herein before particularly mentioned and enumerated, to lie or remain on the (aid quay for any longer fpace of time, than herein before k mentioned concerning the fame refpeftively, then sad in the (cvend and refp«6Uve cafes aforefaid the perfon afid perfons offending in the premiffet fhaU for every time, he, die, 9r they (hall fo offend, forfeit the fum of twenty (hil-P 2	lings

Digitized by L»ooQle

2t ft	Yht	fifth	Year	tf George III.

A. D.	lings fierling for every night, he, fhe, or they (hall permit or

1769. fuffer his, her, or their goods and commodities, herein be-Chap. 16. fore particularly fpecified or enumerated, to lie or remain on the faid quay after the expiration of the (aid three days (commonly called working days) to be computed from the refpedive times of gauging, landing, or weighing of the lame, as herein before is mentioned; which faid penalty of twenty (hillings (hall and may be fued for and recovered by civil bill before the recorder of the city of Dublin* or the perfon appointed to hear civil bills in his abfcnce (who are hereby refpedively authorized and required to hear and determine the fame ,(and (hall be to the foie ufe and benefit of the perfon or perfons, who (hall without fraud or covin firft fuc for the fame.

snot XXI, Provided neverthelefa,,that if any difference, mat-to commence ter of controverfy or difficulty, (hall happen to arife be-till after dif- tween any merchant, trader, or dealer, and the chief com-putt* deieimin- miffioners of the revenue, the port colledor, furveyors, or c<i	other officers on the faid quay, thert and in that cafe the faid

three days (commonly called working days) (hall not commence until three days (commonly called working days) after fuch difference, matter of controverfy, or difficulty (hall be determined.

3G.3. 7t. XXII. And whereas by an ad patted in the third year fee. 1 s, recited, of his Majetty’s reign, intitled, An ad for continuing and amending two fevtral ads of parliament therein mentioned, and for the more ejfcdual preventing of frauds in his Majejlfs cuf-toms and excif , and for other purpofes thet'ein mentioned, it rs among other things enabled, that no licence (hall be granted for the retailing of fpirituous liquors, beer, ale, wine, cyder, or other liquors within any gaol* prifon, houfe of correction, work-houfc, or houfe of entertainment for any pariffi poor ; and that all licences, granted or to be granted contrary to the proviiion in the faid recited ad, (hould be void and of no effect from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thf penalty of thou fund feven hundred and fixty four: and whereas the 51 therein.	prohibition contained in the faid recited ad has proved inef*

too lm ,	fedual, by reafon that the penalty of felling the feveral li-

quors aforefaid by retail without a licence is only five pounds ; which has been found too fmall an encouragement for any informer to prove the offence againff the perfons gaolers,	guih y thereof : for remedy whereof, be it further enaded by

felling liquors, the authority aforefaid, that if any gaoler, matter, or keeper penalty 5cl.	0f any gaol, prifon, houfe of corredion, work hoUfe, or

houfe of entertainment for any pariffi poor, (hall either by themfelves, or fecretly and fraudulently by the means of any other perfon or perfons, retail or fell any fpirituous liquors, beer, ale, wine, cyder, or other liquors within any gaol,

prifon.

Digitized by

Google

- s§

The fifth Temr ef George III. prifoo, houfe of correction, work houfe, or houfe of entertainment for any pariih poor, the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of fifty

pounds.

XXIII- And be it further enaCted by the authority afore- No duty faid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of J|^“or June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, no duty imported! whatfoever (hall be paid to his Majefty, his heirs, or fuccdTon, for or upon the importation of the wood or timber, commonly called and known by the name of lignum vite, nor upon any linen rags that (hall be imported into this kingdom.

XXIV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afore- *or on er-

hid, That no duty (hall be paid henceforth unto his Ma-	,or

jefty, his heirs, and facceflbrs, for or on account of any

flour or rape feed oil, made and manufactured in this kingdom, upon the exportation thereof.

XXV.	And whereas it has frequently happened, that col- Colle*or» or le&ore of his Majelly’s revenue and their clerks have rcfpec- other* deftroy-tivclyrun in arrear to his Majeity, and have thereupon ab-

(bonded and withdrawn themfelves fo as not to be difeo- revenue, felony, vered, and have carried with them or fecreted the feveral death, books of account, relating to his Majefty’s revenue under their collection and care, with intent to prevent the chief commiffioners of his Majefty's revenue, or the officers employed under them to examine their feveral accounts, entries, sod difburferoents in order to afeertain the balance remaining due to bis Majeity after all juft allowances: for remedy of which evil, be it further enaCted by the authority afore*

(aid, that from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, if any collector, or derk of any collector, or other perfon or perfons whatfo-erer, fhall wilfully deftroy, or caufe to be deftroyed, or fhall with defign to defraud his Majeity, his heirs or fucceflbrs, wilfully obliterate or deface, or caufe to he obliterated or defaced, any of the books of account appertaining to his Majefty’s revenue, or belonging to any cuitom houfe or ex* cife office within this kingdom, then and in that cafe every fuch collector, clerk of any collector, or other perfon or perfons whatfoever, on being legally convicted thereof fha'l be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall futFer the pains and penalties of death without benefit of clergy, or of the ftatute.

XXVI.	And be it furthe enaCted by the authority afore- Taking sway faid, That if any collector, clerk of any collector, or other or frereting perfon or perfons whatfoever, (hall wilfully take away or f^iou^ dcath fecrete any of the books of account appertaining to his Ma- *

jefty’s revenue, or belonging to any cuftom houfe or exciie office, and (hall hot within twenty one days after demand

made

*Fbe fifth Fiat of George HI. mad* by the fchkf commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue, or any two or more of them, or by any afficerafpedally authorized for that purpofe by writing under the hands and feals of any two or more of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue* deliver up (upon oath if required) to the fsid chief commiflioners or officer authorized by them as aforefaid, all fuch books of account relating to his Majefty’s revenue in his* her, or their cuftody or power, then and in fuch cafe every collector, clerk of any collector, or other perfon or perfons offending in the premiffes, on being legally convi&ed thereof (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer the pains and penalties of death without benefit of clergy, or of the ffatute. attainder, XXVII. Provided neverthdefs that no attainder, cotv fte.	ruption	of	blood, or other difability (hall enfue fuch con-

viction.

Collector or XXVI I. Provided alfo, that in cafe fuch coHeCtor or Clerk abfeond- cJcrk of ahy collector (hall abfeond or conceal himfelf, fo as fixed to die	a	demand cannot be made for fuch books of ao-

Office Door	count, as are herein before mentioned, then and in that cafe

effectual. on notice or demand made in writing, and affixed to the principal door of fuch cuftom houfe or excife office, and printed in the Dublin Gazette for the fpace of three calendar months* fuch notice or demand fo affixed and printed (hall be deemed and taken to be as effectual in law to all intents, eonftru&i-ons, and purpofes, as if a perforpd demand had been made on fuch collector or clerk charged with taking away or fo? creting fuph books of account.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it furtherenaCted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons (hall be profccuted by indictment or otherwife for any of the offences hereby made capital, unlefs the fame be brought or exhibited within two years next after the offence committed, and not aftei the (aid two years.

Spirits, teas, XXX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-and tobacco, faid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of (except as ^ June, one thoufand feven hundred and lixty fix, all brandy, 1?in anyrum> arK* fpints, (except cordial waters) in calks under fifty in fort or gallons gauge, and all tea In any package whatsoever (ex-, within 3 leagues, cepting fuch tea as (hall be direCUy brought from Orcat though no Britain, and proved to have been exported from thence) and tobacco in any package containing lefs than five hundred pounds weight, (hail be fei^ed and forfeited, if found on board any (hip, veflel, or boat in any port or harbour of this kingdom, or hovering within three leagues of the fhore$ of this kingdom, or (hall be difeovered fo to have been, although bulk (hall not appear to have been broke, qr any of the faid goqus or commodities before mentioned run or

attempted

?

Profecution in 2 years.

bulk broke nor attempt to run.

Digitized by

Google

^ Geergellf.	531

attempted to hm been ran out of fiieb (hip, vefle1, or A. D. boat, (feve only and except) in cafe of unavoidable necef- <765. fity and difaeft; which neccflky and diitreft the matter, Chap. 16. purfer, or pcrfon having or taking the charge or command of inch flup pt veffid, (hall immediately after the arrival of fiich {hip or veflcl into any bay, harbour, river, or creek of or belonging to this kingdom, gfoe notice and make proof of before the coHe&or or either chief officer re* fideot at the neareft port, where fuch flup or vcffid Audi arrive.

XXXI.	Provided ncverthdeft, That it fhaQ be lawful to feimio have fo much tea, brandy, rum, or fpirita, for the ufc of the

feamen then belonging to and on board fuch (hip or vtflel, tjb as (hall not exceed in quantity move than two gallons of fpi-rits for each feamaa, nor more than one pound of tea tor each feaman.

XXXII.	And be it cna&ed b rthe authority afetcfiud, . ■*. , .A That no fak of the produce or manufa&ure of Great Bri- ^ eL>0f^drl^ tain or Ireland (hall after the twenty fourth day of June, Ships under one thpufand {even hundred and fixty fix, be exported in 100 tun*,

any flup or vdMof left burden than one hundred tuna, and M herein, iabolk only, and not in baga or (lacks; and that on the exportation of any fait of the produce or manufa&ure of Gnat Britain or Ireland, the merchant, exporter, or owner thereof (hall enter into a bood to his Majefty, his heirs, and fueeeffora, with fufficient fureties in the liuA of fix (hOhugs and eight pence for every bufhel of (alt (reckoning fifty fix

CU to every bolhel) that (hail be (hipped or put on fuel} (hip or veffiri, with condition that the fame, or any part thereof, (hall be landed in Great Britain oy in the Xfle of Man, but that the fame (hall really and truly be ex* ported (or other parts beyond the feta, and that a certificate of fuch fak being landed at or in feme foreign post (Great Britain and the Me of Man excepted) (hall.be returned within the (pace of fix calendar months from the date of the (aid bond, under the ftal of office of the ohief magiftrate in any port or pla$e beyond the Teas (except as before excepted) or under the hand and feal of the Britifh conful refitting at fpeh port or place, or under the hands and feals of two Brittfh merchants then being at fuch port or place, that fuch fak was there landed; and on return of fuch certificate the faidbond (hall be void and of no effc&, and (hall be delivered up without fee or reward to the obligors, their executors, or adminiftrators, to be cancelled.

XXXIII.	And in order to prevent frauds being commit- Salt not ctr-ted by perfons (hipping fait on board finall vtflels or boats ried cnsllwife under pretence of carrying the fame from one port, creek, *n'*	^ct

or place in Ireland to feme other port, creek, or place in fulctits 6*. 8d. the lame kingdom, be it further cna&cd by the authority per bufiitl to

afortfaid, bitch arge in thii

Digitized by v^»ooQle

kingdom, dan* gtr of Teas etcepted,

Officer* required to take bonds.

Void en proof of bring loll.

The fifth Tear of George III, aforefaid, That no (hip, veffel, or boat, laden, or partly laden with fait with an intent to difeharge or land the fame in fome other port or place within this realm, (hall be fuffered to depart from the port or place, where (he fhall take in her lading, until the mailer, purfer, or other perfon having charge of the faid fhip, veffel, or boat, fhall take and receive from the chief officer of the revenue of the faid port or his deputy a cocquet under the hand of fuch officer, cx-preffing the quantity of fuch fait as fhall be fo fhippqd to be carried coaft wife ; and fhall alfo enter into a bond ,to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, with fufficient fureties in the fura of fix (hillings and eight pence for every bufhel of fait (reckoning fifty fix pounds to every bufhel) with condition that the fame fait fhall be delivered and difeharged in the port or place, to. which the faid fhip, boat, or veffel fhall be defined, or in fome other port or place within this kingdom, and not elfewhere (the danger of the feas excepted) and that fuch mafteV, purfer, or pther perfon having charge of fuch fhip, boat or veffel, fhall return a certificate of the landing thereof within three calendar months next enfuing the date of the faid cocquet under the hands and feals of the colle&or, cuflomer, or comptroller of his fdajefly's cuftoms, his pr their deputy pr deputies, in the port or place where fuch fait fhall be landed or difeharged ; and from and after the return of fuch certificate the faid bonds fhall be void, and be delivered up without fee or reward to the jefpedive obligors, their executors or admimflrator8,-to be cancelled.

XXXIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid bonds, to be entered into for the feveral purpofes aforefaid, fhall be valid and effe&ual in the law for the recovery of the penalties therein refpe&ively contained mf and the feveral colle&ors, cuftomersj or comptrollers of his Majefty’s cuftoms in* this kipgdopa in their refpedive ports or diftri&s are hereby authorised and required to take the fame according to the directions herein before mentioned.	^	-

■ XXXV. Provided always, That if fuch fait fo to be exported or (hipped, or to carried coaftwife, or any part thereof, fhall perifh or be loft at Tea* or fhall be taken by enemies or pirates at fea ; or fhall be ftrandej*, aRd that duly proved to the fatisfadlion pf the chief commiffioners of his Majefty’s revenue for the time being, or any three or more of them, the faid bonds fhall thereupon be void and of no effect, and be delivered up without f*e or reward to the refpe&ive obligors, their executors or adminiftrators, to be cancelled, ... .

*	XXXVI.	Provided.

Digitized by v^ooQle

The ffth Year of George III.	*33

• 'XXXVI. Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft (hall A. D. extend or be con ft rued to extend to any fait, that (hall be 176$. (hipped or put on board any boat, vefiel, or bufs for the Char. 16. faking or curing fi(h at fea 5 but that it (hall and may be ^ lawful for any fifherman to (hip and take on board any boat,	®J*7

vefiel, or bufs any quantity of fait for the purpofe afore-	«	ST

faid, fo as oath be firil made before forae one of the officers on oita of not gf the cuftoms of the port or place, where fuch fait (hall being landed, be (hipped (which oath the faid officer of the cuftoma is hereby impowered and direfted to adminiiUr without fee 11 or ccc,t' or charge) that the particular quantity of fall, which (hall be fo (hipped or put on board, is not intended to be landed ib any part of Great Britain or the Ifle of Man, but is re* ally and truly without fraud or deceit intended for the falling or curing of fifh at fca, or in fome harbour, port, or creek in this kingdom.

XXXVII.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft fhaH ex*	***?

tend or be conftrued to extend to prohibit the landing of fo	*<OT,~

much fait, as (hall or may be neceffary for the provinoa of the company or crew of any (hip or vcffel for their voyage, or for the curing of h(h.

XXXVJII. And whereas by an a ft patted in the thirty M *•la third year of the reign of his We Majefty King George the fecond, intituled, An a8 for the bettor regulating the collision of his Majejly's revenue, and for preventing of fronds therein, and for repealing an ad made the lqfl feffion of Parliament, intituled. An ad for continuing and amending feveral laws heretofore made relating to hie Majejly's revenue, and for the more ejfedtud preventing of frauds in his Mayfly's cufioms and exeije, and toe feveral ads and Jiatutes which are mentioned in the faid ad, and continued thereby, and by one other a3 made in the fecond year of his prefent Majefty*s	1	^	7*

reign, intituled. An ad for continuing and amending an a3, intituled, An ad for better regulating the eolltdim of his Mayfly's revenue, and for preventing frauds thereof end for repeating an ad made the lajl feffion of ParDanmnt, intituled. An ad for continuing anti amending feveral laws heretofore made relating to his Mayfly's revenue, and for the more effedualpreventing of frauds in his Mayfly* s cuf toms and excite, and the feveral ads and Jiatutes which are mentioned in the faid ad, and continued thereby, and by one other aft made in the third year of his prefent Majefty*s reign, intituled, /n ad for continuing and amending two feveral ads of Parliament therein mentioned, and for the more *	**	***

effectual /minting of frauds in his Mayfly's cufionu and esc eft, andfor other purpofes therein mentioned, feveral provifiont were made for the better regulating the collection of his Majefty’s revenue, and for preventing frauds therein, which have been found to be of general ufe, be it further enafted

bf

Digitized by v^ooQle

•WWN.

fiid $ idb» Gave at hereby alter* ed, continued a yean.

All penalties by this or laid 3 a&a, recorered atby 14 and

15C. ft. S.

The further provifioos here* in for the tetwu coo* tinned.

Thefftb Tear of Gcbrge lit. by the authority aforefaid, .That the (aid three recited afts* and all and every the daufes therein refpedJvely contained# except fuch parts thereof as are altered or amended by this prefent mft, (hall continue and be in force for the fpace of two yean, from the twenty fourth day of June, one thouland (even hundred and fixty fix, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament and nd longer.

XXXIX. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the fines, forfeitures, and penalties, in* Aided by this ad or by the faid three ads of Parliament herein before laft particularly mentioned and recited, or by any of them (other than and except fuch as are by this ad, or by any of the (aid three recited ads of Parliament herein before mentioned otherwife provided for) (hall and' may be fued for, recovered, levied, and applied in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and methods, and with fuch powers and authorities, as are preferibed, direded, and appointed in and by an ad of Parliament, made in the fourteenth and fifteenth ytars of the reign of King. Charles the fecond, intituled, An aft for the fettung of the encife or neve mpofi upon Int Majefty, bis heirs, and fucceffors, according to a booh of rates therein inferted, as fully and effedually to all intents and purpofes as if the fame were particularly mentioned, exprrifed, and enaded again in the body of this prefent ad, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who^fhall think him, her, or themfelve# aggrieved or injured, as in and by the faid ad of excife is provided.

XL. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral further provifions, here-jby made for the fecurity and improvement of his Majefty’s revenue, (hall continue and be m force from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, until the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight, and from the determination of the (aid two years to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament^ and no longer.

CHAP. XVII.

An a8 for encouraging the planting of Timber Trees.

Tenants not TT7HEREAS the /didrefs this kingdom mud foon be waSTin^uecs^ VV in for want of timber, is moft obvious : and where-planted by them as *3 equal to inheritors, whether tenants do not plant, or notwithftanding have aproperty in what they plant: be it enaded by the law or ifage. King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and Amended content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in

this

O. 3. to. fee.

Digitized by LjOOQle

The fifth far •/ George in.	a	jf

this prefent Paxhament afiembled, and by die authority of A. D. the Lame, That from aid after the firft day of September, 1765. one thousand (Seven kuodred and fixty fix, tenant* far Urea Ckap. l7* renewable for ever, paying the rent* and performing the <*^'fm***J other covenant* in their leaks, (hall not be iarpcochabie of **• *7 **d it waftein timber tree* or woods, which they mall hereaf^ * ** *S* ter plant, any covenant in leafe* or (Settlement* hereto* fore made, law, or ufage to the contrary notwithftaad-iag.	.

IL Be it enaded by the authority afrrelaid, That from Life vLiwe*by the time afbrefrid any teoant for life or live* by fett learnt, fettkxneat, <v dower, courtefy, jointure, leafe, or any office, civil, milt» above it year* tary, orecckfiaftical, impeachable of wafte, or any tenant idjjjOQf felly or for yean exceeding twelve year* unexpired, (hall plant (ally, ozier, or willows, the foie property of fuch (hall during the rttridbens. coarinuance of the term veifc in th/eienant, and be may cut and fen the feme under the reftridioa* hereafter mentioned | and if foch tenant (hall plant any timber tree* of oak, aft, eha* fir, pine, walnut, chefaqt, horfe chefhut, Quicken, or wUafe, alder, poplar, or other timber tree*, loch tenant during the term (ball be intitled to houfe boot, plow boot, ait boot, and car boot of fuch tree* by him planted; and at the expiration of the term, or where foch tree* IhaO have attained maturity, which (hill frrft happen, (ball be intitled to die (aid tree* or the value of them according to the diredrions hereafter mentioned, any covenant heretofore made, law, or ufage to the contrary notwith-fbndiag.

III.	Provided always, and be it ena&cd by the authority On certificate afotdaid, That each perfon fo planting (hall within fix SeonmbSr*^ months nest after fuch planting lodge with the clerk of the hdfh£ peace of the county, where fuch plantation is made, a car- rad growth, tificste under the hand of the tenant, containing the num* BJedlfiqparat*, her and kind of the tree* planted, their height, and yean growth at the time of planting, and a clear deferiptioo of the places and manner wherein they (hall be planted: which certificate (hah be kept on a feparate file among the record* of the county, and entered in an alphabetical book by the denomination of the land in the faid county; and fuch certificate or a copy thereof, attefted by the a&iag clerk of the peace, (kali be evidence of notice of fuch plantation tu all courts; for filing of which certificate, alphabet ing the fame in the book, and making and attefting a copy thereof, the clerk of the peace (hall receive a fee of one dulling and ao more, and a copy of fuch certificate (is pence and no more; and to which book and certificate all periods may refort, daring each quarter feffions to be held for fuch county, without any fee.	IV.	And

Digitized by

as6

A. D.

1765-Chap. 17.

Where term ancrttain, tenant n ay enter tn4 cut in due feafona, making fttisfadtion

Perfoiw inti-tied to reverfion and inheritance of lands, who (hall be inclined to purchafe trees, are to enter into recognizance with fufficient Sureties to pay the Sum faid trees are valued at, dec.

Immediate

reveriioner preferred.

Excepted leafes by guardian.

The fif*h Tear of George III.

' IV. And be it farther ena&ed by the authority aforefaid* That in all cafes where the expiration of the term of the tenant 19 uncertain, the tenant paying the rent and performing1 the other covenants in his leafe, (hall be at liberty for the fpace of one year next after the expiration of his term to enter on the lands, and cut and fell in due feafons all the trees fb planted and regiftered, and the fame to manufacture as needful on the lands for the fpace of one year next after fuck felling, making reafonable fatisfa&ion to the inheritor for the trefpals to be committed by' felling, coaling, or manufacturing the fame: and where the expiration of the term is certain, the tenant during the laft year of his term, paying the rent and performing the covenants, may in like manner cut and carry away fuch trees fo planted and regiftered.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon intitled to the reverfion and inheritance of the lands mediately or immediately (hall be inclined to purchafe fuch trees, fuch perfon (hall be at liberty during the laft year fave one of the term, where the expiration is certain, and within fix calender months after the expiration of a term for life or on any uncertain contingency, to apply by petition to the juftices of the peace of the county at their quarter feflion, and fet forth their title and intention, giving the tenant twenty one days Notice, and upon entering into a recognizance with fufficient fecurities, conditioned to pay fuch tenant fuch fums as fhall be adjudged to be the value of the faid trees, according to the rules of this a£t, the property of the trees (hall from the time of fuch notice veil in the petitioner; and the juftices (ha;l at the lame or enfuing feflion by a jury of freeholders of the county afeertain the value of the faid trees when felled over and above the expcnce of felling, and the needful com-penfation to be made as aforefaid, if any fuch be; which with the record of fuch judgment and recognizance fhall Be by the juftices at the inftance of the party interefted certified into the couit of chancery; and execution fhall iflue thereupon as ufual on recognizances taken before a mafter of that court: but if fuch petitioner fhall fail to give fuch fecurity at fuch fefiion according to fuch notice, the property of fuch trees fhall remain in the tenant.

VI.	Provided alfo, that if more than one perfon intitled to fuch reverfions fhall petition, that perfon fhall be preferred, who has the moft immediate title to the reverfion.

VII.	Provided that this a61 fhall not extend to leafes to be made by guardians of minors, or cuftodees of lunaticks or idiots, or to any perfon in poflefiion as creditors by mortgage, I'tfiodiamy ckgzi, or etherwife, or deriving under fuch

only.

Digitized by

Google

Tbt fifth Tsar y* Georg* Ilf-	*J7

only, or to any tenant who (hall be evi&ed for h repayment A. D. of rent.	*	17^5-

VIII.	Provided, That where the rcverfion belong* to a w— minor, and the court of chancery (hall adjudge, that it tt A

for the benefit of the minor to purchafe foch trees, the guardians (hall have allowance for what he pays, and ex- benefit to put-pences for fuch purchafe ; if the perfoo purchafing foch chafe, trees (hall be tenant for life or in tail impeachable of wafte, fuch purchafer (hall ftand in the place of the plaster, and fuch trees, if not felled by him during the fobfiftance of hie title, (hall be felled or valued according to the rates of this aft.

IX.	And in order to afeertain what compenfation (hall be

made by fuch tenant, intitled by the rules of this a& to fell fcvnty'mxj trees after the expiration of bis term, it (hall be lawful for petition, the tenant to petition the jufhces, giving the revmriioncr like notice, and on the tenants giving like lecurity by recognizance, the court (hall by a jury afeertain the damages, and the like remedy (hall be on the buyer as before tnea-tioned.

X.	The fees to be taken by the clerk of the Deace for Cl- Clerks fern.

ing and entering every petition fix pence ; for filing and copying every affidavit fix pence ; for making and filing every recoguizancc two (hillings and fix pence ; for rule for tryal and precept to the (heriif each party one (hilling for making, recording, and certifying the lame to chancery fix (hillings and eight pence.

CHAP. XX.

An A3 far er:3ing and eftablijblng Pub lick Infirmariss or Hof-pilots in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS providing receptacles in the feveral Amended by counties of this kingdom herein after mentioned 7 G. 3 c 8» . for the poor, who are infirm and difeafed, would be a means	** c*

of reftoring the health and preferring the lives of many of	,J'q j.

his Majefty’s fubje&s, of promoting labour and induftry, c. 4*. and of encouraging the manufa&ures of this kingdom : be 15 >nd 16 C. 3. it cnafted by the King’s mod excellent Majefly, by and with c g the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal *1™ 1	**

and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by 2t and 77 G. 3. the authority of the fame. That his grace the archbifhop of c 13. and by Armagh, the lord high chancellor for the time beingr, the ^ 2 5 c bifhop of the diocefe and re&or or vicar of the partfh for ** ‘ * e the time being, wherein any fuch infirmary or hofpital, as is herein after mentioned, (hall be fituated, (hall from and	.

after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand ftven pOTen»l hundred and fixty fix, within their feveral and refpe&he corporation for

counties,

Digitized by

efbMiftunr pablick iranni' ric», as herein.

Donors and ftibfcribers, im-powered to pordufe, take and receive any lands. Ire. not exceeding iooL

Tii fftb Tear df George III. eouBtiefc for ever in name and fa& be feverad bodies politick and corporate in law to all intents and purpofes, and more especially for the purpofe of erefting or eftablifhmg pub-lick infirmaries or hofpitals in the feveral and reipeOTver counties herein after mentioned (that is to lay) in the counties of Armagh, Cavan, Down, Fermanagh, Londonderry, Monaghan, Tyrone, Carlow, Kilkenny, King’s County, Longford, Lowth, Leitrim, Queen’s County, Weftmeatn, Wexford, Wicklow, Clare, Kerry, Limerick, Galway, Rofcommon, and SKgo ; the faid fevcral infirmaries or hofpitals to be erected or eflablifhed in fuch places refpe&ively, as (hall be approved of by the refpe&ive corporations of faid counties, in the fcveral and refpeflive county towns, or at a diftance not exceeding one mile from the court houfe in the county town of each and every of the faid counties ; excepting the counties of Meath, Antrim, Donegal, Kildare, Cork, Mayo, and Tipperary 5 the infirmaries or hofpitals for the laid lad mentioned counties, to be ere&ed and eftabltfhed in the feveral and refpe&ive towns hereinafter mentioned ; (that is to,fay) the infirmary or hofpital for the county of Meath to be ere&ed or eflablifhed in the town of Navan in that county; for the county of Antrim in the town of lafbume in that county ; for the county of Cork in the town of Mallow in that county ; for the county of Mayo in the town of CafUebar in that county; for the county of Donegal in the town of Letterkenny in that county ; for the county of Kildare in the town of Kildare in that county; for the county of Tipperary in the city of Cafhd in that county.

IL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every donor of any fum, not lefs than twenty guineas, to any of the laid infirmaries or hofpitals (hall from the time of fudt donation be a member of the body corporate for fuch refpe&ive infirmary or hofpital 5 and every perfon, who fhall fubferibe and pay any fum, not lefs than three guineas, for the ufe of any of the faid infirmaries or hofpitals, (hall be a member of the body corporate for fuch refpe&ive infirmary or hofpital for one year from the twenty fourth day of June next following fuch fubfeription and payment; which faid feveTal bodies politick and corporate fhall have perpetual fucceffion, and be called the governors and governeffes of the refpe&ive county infirmaries or hofpitals in this kingdom; and fhall be enabled to plead and be impleaded, and to fue and be fued by thofe names of incorporation refpe<5lively, and (hall and may have a common feal for their ufe, and may without licenfe in mortmain purchafe, take, and receive any lands, tenements, or hereditaments whatfoever, not exceeding the annual value of two hundred pounds, and (hall and may be capable of taking gifts, grants, contributions,

and

Digitized by Google

i

Tb§ fifth Yiwr tf George Ilf.	259

and benefactions to any amount in perfonal property, in truft A. D. for the foie ufe and benefit of the infirmary or hofpittl of 1765. the particular county, to which fuch bcnefa&ioos (hall be Chap. 20. made; and (haH have power to employ the lame for the ufe of the faid infirmary or hofpital in fuch manner, at they (hall judge proper, unlefs the donor (hall direct the manner of applying fuch benefaction, in which cafe the directions of the donor mail be obferred, arid (hall and may receive all donation^ and fubferiptions for the fupport of the faid infirmaries or bofpitals, until fuch time as a treafurcr (hall be appointed in the manner and for the purpofes herein after mentioned.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Tenant* for faid, That all tenants for life with remainders to the firft and “j*nJ2u°foi *** other (basin tail (hall be and are hereby impowered to make farm gnQU fee farm grants or leafes in perpetuity to the refpeCtive go- kale*, moors or governefies of each county infirmary or hofpital

of any quantity of ground, not exceeding two acres, or of one or more houfes contiguous with each other, at the full improved rent; which fee farm grants and leafes the laid governors (hall, and are hereby impowered to take respectively for building and eredtiHg an infirmary or hofpital for each refpeftive county on fuch ground, or for converting fuch houfe or houfes into an infirmary or hofpital for fuch refpcc-five county.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- When fit for faid, That as foon as an infirmary or hofpital (hall be ereCtcd

or eftablifhed in any of the faid counties, and fit for the re- n * ception of patients, the governors or governefles (hall give notice in two of the Dublin newfpapers, that fuch infirmary or hofpital is ready for the reception of patients, and that they will on a certain day (which (hall be twenty one; days st leaft from the date of the laid notice, and fpecifying the time and place) proceed to the cleCtion of a furgeon for the faid infirmary or hofpital; and that no perfon (hall be capable of being elected, who (hall not have ferved a regular apprenticefhip of five years to a furgeon, and have like-wife undergone an examination before the furgeon general, the viliting furgeon, the two affiftant furgeons, and the rdi-dent furgeon of doClor Stephen’s hofpital, and the five fe-nior furgeons of Mercer’s hofpital, both fituate in the city or fuburbs of Dublin, or fuch a number of them as they (hall at any time appoint to make fuch examination; and (haH produce a certificate from the faid examiners, or the major part of them, that he hath ferved an apprenticefhip of five years to a furgeon, and hath undergone a proper examination as afbrefaid, and is in all refpeCb qualified to be a furgeon to the (aid infirmary or hofpital; and ia cafe of a vacancy of a furgeon in any of the (aid infirmaries or hofpK

tali

Digitized by f^ooQle

Not above lool a year to each lurgeon, paid I tail yearly,

County pre-fc fitment not above tool, iior un-er 50I to be appiotted for food, medicine, 3u.

5 Governors a f*orumt 4 quarterly meetings to *le& or remove furgeon and fervants, and regulate the

7 he fifth Tear ofGt ©rge I IT, tala the governors and governefles {hall proceed to ele& in tfi«? ‘ mannci and form aforefaid.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That the furgeon, fo to be chofen and appointed as aforefaid for the laid refpedtive county infirmaries or hofpitals, (hall each of them be paid by the year a fum not exceeding one hundred pounds, to be paid out of the publick money*; which fum of one hundred pounds {hall be applied either to phyiician or furgeon, or other ufe of the infirmary or hofpiial, as the faid governors or governefles (hall think proper, and to commence from the time when each refpec-five phyiician or furgeon (hall enter upon his office, and obtain a certificate thereof from the treafurer of .fuch re-fpeehve infirmary or hofpital; which faid fum of one hundred pounds (ball be paid half yearly by the vice treafurer * or vice treafurers cf this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, each trtafurer of fiich hofpital or infirmary as afore-' faid refpe&ively giving his receipts for the fame ; which receipts (hall be allowed as vouchers to fuch vice treafurer or vice treafurers, his or their deputy or deputies, in palling his or their accounts.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the grand jury of each of the aforefaid counties (hall at the firft fummer affizes, after each infirmary or hofpital (hail be fit for the reception of patients, and at every fummer affizes after, prefent a fum not exceeding one hundred pounds, nor Lfs than fifty pounds, to be raifed upon each county at large, and paid to the treafurer of each refpe&ive county, to be by him paid over to the treafurer of each refpe&ive infirmary or hofpital on his drafts or receipts 5 which drafts or receipts fhall be allowed as vouchers to the (aid refpe&ive county treafurers in the paffing their refpe&ive accounts; and which money (hall be applied by the governors and governefles of the refpe&ive infirmaries or hofpitals in providing food, medicines, and other neceffaries for the patients, in repairing the refpe&ive buildings and the furniture thereof, and in paying the rents of the feveral infirmaries or hofpitals.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the governors and governefles of each refpe&ive infir-' mary (five of whom (hall be a quorum) (hall have four general quarterly meetings in every year at fach refpe&ive infirmary or hofpital; and fliall at any general meeting have power to tied or remove a phyfician, or furgeon, and fer-vants, and to order and regulate the whole ceconomy and expences of fuch refpe£live infirmaries or hofpitals, and (hall have power to appoint Handing committees to infpc& the management thereof in the intervals between the general meetings; and in cafe of a vacancy of a phyfician or furgeon

Tbi fifth Ttmr §/George If!.	a+t

geonbv death or otherwife to fummon by advertifement in A. D. tvro of the Dublin new* pipers general board* on thofe 1765* particular occafiwns for the purpofe of fupplying every Chap JO. luch vacancy 5 at which general boards five (hall be a ywo-rum.

VIII.	And be it further ena&cd by the authority afore* Treafvrcrap-fuid. That the governors and goveraefles of each refpe&ive

infirmary or hofpital at their firft general meeting, and from fc^puoiuTjtc. time to time hereafter at any general board, as occafion (hall fot die benefit U require, (hall and are hereby impowered to appoint a trea- th* hofpuaL furor of the faid infirmary or hofpital; who (hall receive all annual fubferiptions and donations for the benefit of the (aid infirmary or hofpital, and (hall act without fee or re* ward, and be accountable to the governors and governefles at their four general quarterly meetings : and that the (hid governor* and governefles (hall aud may fue and recover from fuch treafurer all fums by him received for the benefit of fuch infirmary or hofpital.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authoriy aforefaid, jq0 pat|em That no patient (hall be admitted into any of the (aid in- admitted but cm firmarie* but upon a written recommendation from one of certificate of a the governors or governefles of the faid infirmary or hofpi- *®T<nwr* ** tal, certifying that fuch a perfon i* a proper object of the

(aid charity, except in cafe* of hidden accident*, which may require immediate relief; in which cafes it (hall be dif-cretionary in the phyfician or furgeon of the faid infirmary or hofpital to receive or reject fuch patient; and in cafe it (hall happen, that more patient* (hall be fo recommended, than any of the (aid infirmaries or hofpitals (ball be capable cf receiving, then the phyfician or furgeon (hall admit them according to the priority of their feveral recommendations 5 and the certificates (ball be carefully preferred by the refpec-tive phyficians and furgeons as vouchers, that the patients were admitted in the manner aforefaid.

X.	And whereas two publick infirmaries or hofpital* have Cwf. been erected in the city of Cork one called the north and

the other the fouth infirmary, and are only fupported by voluntary fubferiptions ; which fubferiptions are not fufficient for providing phyficians or furgeons, and alfo food, medicine*, and other occeflmrie* for the poor patient* therein : therefore be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the yol. yearly* yearly fum of fifty pounds (hall bt paid out of the publick ***“ tftarurir* money to treafurer of each of the faid infirmaries; and that the (aid fum of fifty pound* (ball be paid half yearly by the vice treafurer or vice treafurer* of {hit kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies: the firft payment thereof to be made on the twenty-fifth day of December next, each treafurer re* fpe&ivdy giving ha receipt* for the fame; which receipt*

(hall be allowed as vouchers to the laid vice treafurer or vice Voi»V. -	treaftmp

Digitized by LjOOQle

Preftntment for Coik city Hot above fool, nor xnder 50L

Applied by the rffpe&ive governors, as afctciaid.

Dublin,

V50I. equally divided, and paid half yearly.

The fifth Tear of George JJI. treafureraof this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, in pafling his or their accounts.

XI.	And be it further enabled by the authority afbre-faid. That the grand jiuy of the county of the faid city of Cork at the next fumir.er aflizes after the end of this pre-fent ftflion of Parliament, and at every fummer aflizes afterwards, fhall have power to prefent a fum not exceeding one hundred pounds, nor Itfs than fifty pounds, to be raifed on the county of the faid city, and paidto the treafurer thereof, to be by him paid over to the tveafurers of the faid infirmaries (to wit) a fum not exceeding fifty pounds to the treafurer of the faid north infirmary, and a fum not exceeding fifty pounds to the treafurer of the faid fouth infirihary, on their refpe&ive drafts or receipts; which drafts or receipts fhall be. allcAved as vouchers to the treafurer of the county of the faid city in the pafling of his accounts.

XII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the money fo to be paid by the vice treafurer or vice treafurers of this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, to the treafurer of each of the faid infirmaries, fhall be applied by the governors and governdTes of the faid infirmaries in payment of phyficians or furgeons for the fame, or for luch other purpofes as the governors and governefies of the faid infirmaries fhall refpe&ively find advifeable for the benefit of the laid infirmaries, and the patients therein ; and that the money fo to be raifed by the grand jury of the county of the faid eity, and to be paid to the treafurer of each of the laid infirmaries, (hall be applied by the governors and go-verneflesof the fame in providing food, medicines and other neceflaries for the patients, in repairing the faid infirmaries and the furniture thereof, and in paying the rents of the faid infirmaries.

XIII.	And whereas three publick infirmaries or hofpi-tals. have been erected in city of Dublin, one called the Charitable Infirmary on the Inns quay, another Mercer’s Hof-pitalsin faint Stephen ftreet, and a third the Hofpital for Incurables on Lasers hill, and art fupported by voluntary fub-feriptions, which fubferiptions are not fufficient for providing phyficians or furgeons, and all'o food, medicines, and other neceflaries for the poor patients therein: therefore be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the yearly fum of one hundred and fifty pounds fhall be paid out of the publick money to the treafurers of the faid Charitable Infirmary, Mercer’s Hofpital, and the Hofpital for Incurables, to be equally divided between the faid Infirmary and Efcof-pitals: the faid fum of one hundred and fifty pounds fhall be paid half yearly by the vice treafurer or vice treafurers of this kingdom, * his or their deputy or deputies; the firft payment thereof to be made on th? twen-

6	-	''	ty

Tbt fifth Yt*r cf George III. ty fifth day of December next, each treafurer refpe&ive-	D,

ly givine his receipts fof the proportion he lhall receive *765. of the lame; which faid receipts (hall be allowed as vouch- Chap, so* era to the faid vice treafurer or vice treafurers of this king- \ do®, his or their deputy or deputies, in palling bis or their accounts.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Prefentmrnt faid, That the grand jury of the county pf the laid city for Dublin city of Dublin at the next Trinity term after the end of this ^^°^nor prefent feftbn of Parliament, and at every Trinity term aft '*** towards, (hall have power to prefent a fum, not exceeding

one hundred and fifty pounds, nor left than feveaty five pounds, to be raifed on the county of the faid city, and paid to the treafurer thereof, to be by him paid over to thetrea-hirers of the faid Infirmary and hofpitals; to wit, a fum not exceeding fifty pounds to the treafurer of the faid .Charitable Infirmary, a fum not exceeding fifty pounds to the treafurer of the laid Mercer's hofpital; and a fum not exceeding fifty pounds to the treafurer of the faid Hospital for Incurables, on their refpetfive drafts or receipts; which drafts or receipts lhall be allowed as vouchers to the trea-furer of the county of the faid city iu the palling of hia accounts.

XV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforeftid, That Applied by the money fo to be paid by the vice treafurer or vice trea- refpc&ivc f°-furersof this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, to

the treafurer of each of the laid infirmary and holpitals,

(hallbe applied by the governors and governeffes of the laid infirmary and holpitals in payment of phyficians and fur-geons for the fame, or for fucb other purposes as the governors or gpvcmefies of the laid infirmary or hofpitals fhaU refpe&ively find advisable, for the benefit of the faid infirmary or hofpitals, and the patients therein ; and that the money fo to be Tailed by the grand jury of the county of the ftid city, and to be paid to the treafurer of each of the faid iafinnary and hofpitals, lhall be applied by the governors sad gowerndTes of the lame in providing food, me* dieftes, and other needftries for the patients m repairing the faid infirmary and hofpitals, and the furniture thereof, and in paying the rer.tsof the, faid infirmary and baft pitals.

q^2	CHAP.

Digitized by (jOO^lc

*44	ffik Veur of Georgt III.

A, D.

1765.	CHAP.	XXI.

An AB for the better regulating of Trials in Cafes of High Treafon under the Statute of the twenty fifth of Edward the third.

paying 2$. 6<L

WHEREAS it is highly reafonable and agreeable to the nature of our excellent conftitution, that per-fons profecuted for high treafon underthe (latute of the twenty fifth of Edward the third (hould be allowed all proper means for defence of their innocence : in order thereto, and for the better regulating of the trials of all fuch perfons, be it en-a&ed by the King’s molt excellent Majelly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by C«py of in- the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day diament 5 days of Auguit in this year, one thoufand feven hundred and (ixty before trial on fix> jjj and every perfon and perfons, who (hall be accufed and indiftcd for high treafon undet the laid ftatute, (hall have a true copy of the whole indi&ment delivered to them, or any of them, upon requeft, five dap at leaft before he or they fhall be tried for the fame; whereby to enable them, or any of them refpe&ively, to advife with couiv cil thereon to plead and make their defence, his or their attorney or attorneys, agent or agents, requiring the fame, and paying the officer for fuch copy two (hilliugs and fix pence, and no more.

II. And be it further cna&ed by the authority afore-faid, That every fuch perfon fa accufed and indi&ed, arraigned or tried, for any fuch offence as aforefaid, (hall be received and admitted to make his and their full defence by council learned in the law ; and the court, before whom fuch

May defend by counfel af-figned on rc-

perfon or perfons (hall be tried, or any judge thereof, (hall and is hereby authorized and required immediately upon his or their requeft to affign to fuch perfon or perfons fuch and fo many council, not exceeding two in number (as he or they (hail defire) to plead for and afiift fuch perfon or perfons in making their defence, any law or ufitge to the contrary notwithftanding.

CHAP,

Digitized by CjOO^Ic

The fifth Year ofGeorge III.

CHAP. XXII.

A& Ad for continuing and amending an Aft, intitled, An

Ad for the better regulating the Parijh Watches, end amend* **g Highways in this Kingdom, and for preventing the Mifi application of Publich Money s ond alfo for ejlablifhing a regular Watch in the City of Dublin, ana to prevent Mif-tbief which may happen by graving in the River Lijffey ; and alfo for regulating the Watch in the town of Drogheda.

X. A ND whereas the parHh watches in the county of XjL the town of Drogheda, as fettled by an ad palled in the fixth year of the reign of his late Majcfty King George the firlt, intitled. An ad for the better regulating the parijb watches, and amending the highways in this kingdom, and for preventing the mifapplication ofpuhlick money, are found very opprefiive to the inhabitants in the faid county living without the gates and walls of the faid town: be it enadca by the authority aforefaid, That from the laft day of the	Inhabitants c^»

feveral adjournments of next July feflions for faid town and P*T*• county the inhabitants within the walls of faid town, and	WaU

the owners and occupiers of the feveral yards, warehouses, 9 and cellars in the faid town, (hall pay yearly for every houf? inhabited, and for every yard and every warehoufe or cellar occupied, the fum of four pence for every pound of the yearly value of faid htfufe, warehoufe, yard, or cellar, according to the ran fuch houfe, yard, wareliouCe, or cellar might reasonably fet for to a folvetit tenant; which (hall be in lieu of all taxes or duties, heretofore payable or demandabie far watching or watch money by or fmm the inhabitants within the faid walk ; the faid fum of four pence to be raifed, paid, and accounted for, as i« direfted as to the city of M ^ gQ f# Dublin by an aft of Parliament pafled in this kingdom in ^ the tenth year of the reign of hk late Majctty King George the firft, intitled. An ad for continuing and amending an aQ9 intitled, An ad for the better regulating the parijh watches, and amauhng the highways io this kingdom, and for preventing the mifapplication of puhlick money, astd alfo for ejlahltjhing a regular watch in the city of Dublin, and to prevent mifehiiefs ‘ivbuh'way happen by graving Jhits in the river Li fey ; the kid yearly value of all fuch houfes, yards warehouses, and cellars, to be fettled by the juft ices of the peace of the faid county and town of Drogheda at every July feflions or at fame adjournment thereof, to be held in open court; which court of feflions (hall have the fame powers in every refpeft, that the lord mayor and the Several veftries in the faid city

Digitized by Google

The fifth Year of George III. of Dublin have by virtue of the faid aft, and in every re-fpeft to regulate add appoint the management thereof,

XI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That this aft (hall be in forte frtotH the firft day of May, one thoofartd feveii hundred and fixty fix.

CHAP. XXIV.

An A3 for altering and Amending fiveral Statutes heretofore mode Jbr the better Regulation of the City of Cork, Andfor regulating Trials by Juries in the Court of Record of the faid City : and for ejlabli/hing Market Juries in tfc faid City ; and for making wide and convenient iVays, Streets, and Pafftsges in the faid City and Suburbs thereof; Mad for preventing Frauds committed by the BetkeYs and Afeid Mahers of the find City.

WHERAS an aft parted in the third yeat of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intitled. An a3 for continuing ttnd amending certain temporary fiatutes betttof&re made fir the bettet regulation of tlx city of Cork, and for enlarging the falary of the tteafurer, and for the better regulating the fide Of the coals in the find city, and for ere&ing and coMtiiumg lamps Auicnuvu ii ** the fame, and for the better preferring the facets And high-li G. 3 c. 18. ft wa}s therein, and for confirming and fldbli/bifig A court bf cbn-2*, 16.	fiiencein the faid city, and for regulating the Affine bf brehd

26 G. 3. c.	tkekein, and for fituring the quays by parapet bvedlr, has been

38.1 50, 53.	fbund wiefftftual with refpeft to the erefting and continuing

the lamps in the faid city of Corky for remedy whereof, be it tnafted by the King’s mod: excellent Majefty, by and with hht advice and content of the lords fpiritual tfod temporal and Commons in this prefent Parliament aftefttbled, find by Mayor, (he-	the authority of the fame, That the faid lift, fo ftrr fts it

riffcu Ac of	refates to the erefting and continuing lamps in the faid city,

uUnhe number	18	^crc^y	repealed, and made null and Void ; and

of lamps, &c.	that it (hall and may be lawful for the mayor, (hefiffb, and

with the ex-	common council of the faid city of Cork, and they ahe hete-

peuce, as herein, by required, yearly to ascertain and fix on the number and kind of lamps neceffary for the faid city and fabnrbfc thereof, and the places where the fame (hall be erefted, and the manner of Crtfting the fame, and the time Wbeh artd hdw k>fig the faid lamps (hall be and continue lighted, rtrtd the Manner of lighting, clcanfing, trimming, fnufliftg, iftfctrttaihrng, and repairing the fame, together with the amouht of rhe fums of money to be expended in the ere&mg, lighting, -	cleanfing, trimming, fn offing, maintaining, utid tbpohittg

fcech of the faid bmps ; and that it flraU and may be lawful for the faid mayor, fhefiffs, and common courted of thefoid city of Cork, and they are hereby required, yearly and

every

Commencement i ft May 1766.

3 O. 3. 17.



Digitized by

Googk

The fifth Ttat of George HI. every year between the firfl day of May and the firll day of Auguft in each year, to nominate and appoint in writing two inhabitants of each of the fix parifhes of the faid city and fuburbs, to wit, St. Mary Shandon, St. Peter, St. Paul, Chriftchurch, St. Nicholas, and St. Finbahy, to be applotters ; and that the faid applot: :rs, or any five or more of them, fhall and may, and they arc hereby required to, ap-plot the money to be levied, raifed, and paid for the pur-pofes aforefaid on the inhabitants of the faid city of Cork and fuburbs thrreof according to the fubilance of the faid inhabitants refpedtively; and that as often as any deficiency fhall happen in the fums fo to be applotted or in the payment thereof by or on account of the death, infolvency, or change of abode of any of the faid feveral inhabitants, it fhall and may be lawful for the next fucCeeding applotters, and they are hereby required, to applot the amount of fueh deficiency on the aforefaid inhabitants in fuch manner as aforefaid with the next applotrr.ent, which (hall be made after fuch deficiency IhaH fo happen ; and that each of the faid applotters fhall previoufly to his acting as an applottcr take and fub-fetibeanoath orfolemn affirmation (if of the people called qttakers) before the mayor of the faid city of Cork, that he will according to the bed of his Tie ill, abilities, and knowledge faithfully and impartially without favour or afTcftiori, malice or ill will, to any perfon or perfons whatfoever applot the faid fums fo to be applotted as aforefaid ; and that if any of the applottersto be appointed purfuant to this a& of Parliament fhall negleft, omit, or refute to take tb*c oath or affirmation hereby required to be taken by each of the faid ap-plotters, or fhall happen to die, before the faid applotters dr any five or more of them fhtiH have made the aforefaid ap-plotments, that fuch neghaft, refufal, omifiion, or death fhall not invalidate the applotinents, made or to be made by the other of the faid applotters, or any five or more of them ; hut that in every fuch cafe notwithstanding fuch neglc&, omiffion, refufal, or death, the ap^Iotmcuts made or to be made by the others of the faid applotters, or any five or more of them, fhall be good and valid; and that the faid applot men 18, in ten days after the fame (hall be fo made, (hall he returned to the mayor of the faid city of Cork in writing figned by the applotters thereof, of- any five or more of thefn ; and that every perfon, who (hail he appointed an applot ter by the mayor, fheriffs, and common coducil of the faid city of CoA purfaant to this a&', aiid fhall negleft, omit, or tefdfe to upon him the laid office, or undertaking the fatae Jhall tife^lea or omit the execution thereof, or of any part thereof, or fhaJlAeglect, omit, or refufe to return the applotmcrtts db br fnade by him or thetft as aforefaid in fuch manner, and tithinfucb time, a& herein befoft ii merit iohed, hr fhall without

Digitized by

2*8 A. D.

*765'

Chap. 24.

The ff'b Tear •/ George III. out reafonable caufe negleft or omit for the fpace of eight and forty hours after being fummoned thereunto in writing, figned by the mayor of the faid city of Cork, to appear before the faid mayor, and to take the oath or affirmation herein before mentioned, or (hall negleft or omit for twenty days, after the majority of the applotters appointed pur-fuant to this aft fhall have taken the oath or'affirmation, to make the aforefaid applotments purfuant to this aft, in every fuch cafe each and every one of the faid applettert fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered by diftrefs of the offender** goods by virtue of a warrant under the hand and feal of the mayor of the faid city of Cork, to be iffiied for that purpofc to the conflable of one of the faid pari(he* or other proper officer or officers, and to be applied in fuch manner as is hereinafter direfted ; and that if it (hall happen, that no fuch applotments, as herein before fet forth, (hall be made by the aforefaid applotters or any five or snore of them witnin one kalendar month, after the {aid applotters (hall have been appointed purfuant to this aft, that then and in fuch cafe each and every of the faid applotters (hall from the end of the faid month forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings for every day, until the* faid applotments (hall be made and returned to the mayor of the faid city, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods by virtue and under fuch warrant as aforefaid, and to be applied in fuch manner as heiein after direfted ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the mayor, fberiffs, and common council of the faid city of Cork from time to time to agree with and appoint any perfon ot persons as lamp contraftor or contraftors for erefting, lighting, deanfing, trimming, fnuffing, maintaining, and repairing the faid lamps for any number of years, not exceeding fourteen ; and the perfon or perlong fo appointed (hall, before he or they (hall enter upon the execution of the faid office, give fecurity by bond made payable to the mayor, fhetifFs, and commonalty of the faid city pf Cork, wjth two fuf-ficient fecuritics for the due and faithful ^execution of his or their office or offices ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid mayor, fheriffs, and common council to nominate, conftitute and appoint fuch lamp contraftor and con-traftorg to colleft and receive the fevcral fums to be made payable by the applotments herein before mentioned ; and thaj the faid lamp contraftor or contraftors fhall colleft and receive half yearly the feveral fums, to be made payable by the herein before mentioned applotments, of and from ail pexfons liable to pay the fame ; and all perfons, who (hall be charged therewith or be thereunto liable, (hall pay fuch fums, fo applotted on them as aforefaid, to the faid lamp Contraftor pr contractors Ipr the time being by two half

yearly

.Digitized by CjOOQle

Tie fftb Temref George III.	249

yearly payments on every firft day of January and on every A. D. firft day of July, fuch lamp contrador or contradors giv- 1769. iog from time to time receipts gratis^ if thereunto required :	Chap. 24.

aid that if any perfon or perfons (hall negled or refufc to pay the fum or turns of money applotted on him, her, or them as afoxrlaid, for feven days after perfonal demand thereof made for him, her, or them by the faid lamp con-tra&or or contradors, or any perfon by writing figned by the faid lamp contrador or contradors thereunto authorised, or after demand in writing (hall be left at the place of abode of fuch perfon or perfons, that then and in every fuch calc it (hall and may be lawful for fuch lamp contrador or con* traders in the prefence of one or more con (table or con (tables, of the (aid parifhes to di(train the goods and chattels of foch perfon or perfons ; and if the (aid goods and chattels (hall not be replevied or the money paid within fix days after foch diftrefs made, together with thf cods of making fuch diftitfs, to be ascertained for the mpyor of the faid city of Cork, then to appraise and (ell the faid goods and chattels, or foch part thereof as (hall be fufficient to pay the money applotted on fuch perfon or perfons, together with all the cods and charges attending the (aid diftrefs, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners of fuch goods or chattels ; and in cafe any replevin (hall be brought for the goods and chattels fo diftrained, the mayor of the faid city of Cork for the time being (hall and is hereby impowered and required to iffue a fUmmons in writing to all parties concerned to bar and determine the matter io difpute, whether the fame (hall depend Upon a claim of property by a ft ranger or Qthcrwife, in the moil fpeedy and lummary wpy by examining parties aud witnefles ca oath, which he is hereby impowered to do, and to award return of the goods fo dif-tTained, or a fale thereof for payment of the faid fum or fums applotted on the faid perlon or perfons, unlefs fuch dif-trris be forthwith redeemed ; and the determination of the bid mayor (hall be final and condufive to all parties ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the mayor, friends, and common council of the faid city of Cork, as often as any perfon or perfons, whom they (hall agree with and appoiot to cred, light, fnuff, cleanfe, trim, maintain, and repair the bid lamps, (hall be guilty of any negled or mi (behaviour in the execution of his or their laid office or offices, to remove him or them fo offending from his, her, or their refpedive offices, and in his or their ftead from time to time to appoint any other perfon or perfons as lamp oontrador or contradors to ered, light, fnuff, cleanfe, trim, repair, and maintain the faid lamps, taking foch fecurity from him or them as aforefaid, for any term of years not exceeding fourteen yean 5 and fuch perfon or perfons, lb to be agreed with

and

Digitized by

On removal appeal to next judge of ailife, ^ho may relief e, or confirm removal, &c.

The fifth Ttar of George 111, and appointed as aforeftud, Tnay and fhall have and rteeivfc tke feveral funis 16 be made payable by the applotrtieots afore* ftid with the feveral powers of diftraining and reeovieritig the fame, which are herein before mentioned.

II.	Provided, That if anypetfon or perfons fo retnoved fhall think himfelf or themfelves aggrieved by fuch tertiovai, it (hall and may be lawful for him or them to appeal to the next going judge of affize fo* the county of the faid citJr, who is hereby authorized finally to determine the matter In difpute and to reftore fuch perfon or perfons, or to confirm his or their removal, as to the faid judge (hall teem fit; from which determination there fhall be no further appeal ; aHd that if any perfon or perfons, whom the mayor, fherifffc, and common council of the faid city of Cork fhau agree with and appoint to ere&, light, fnuff, cleanfe, trim, maintain, and repair the faid lamps as aforefaid, {hall negleft to fupffly the faid lamps with a fufficient quantity of good and bf*opdr wick or oil to continue lighting for fuch time, as tne laid mayor, fherifFs, and common council fhall determine and fix 6n as aforefaid, or (hall negledl to keep the glaffes of the faid lamps and of every of them clean and entire, or fhall be guilty of any other negleft, fjr which the mayor, fherifis, and common council of the faid city may not think proper to remove the faid perfon or perfons, that then and m every fuch cafe fuch perfon or perfons fo offending fhall forfeit for every lamp, which the laid perfon or perfons fhall fo negledt, for every night whieh fuch perfon or perfons fhall fo negledt the fame, the fum of five millings, to be recovered ana levied by diftrefs and fale ©f fuch offender’s goods and chattels after conviction before the mayor or other juftice of the peace of the faid city of Cork by the teftimony of one whnefs, or by coufeftion of the party accufed, and to be applied in manner herein after directed; and that if any perfon or perfons fiiall wilfully or malicioufiy break, throw dowii, or extinguifh any lamp or lamps, now or hereafter to be fet up to light the ftreets, lanes, callages, or quays of the fafd city of Cork, or the fuburbs thereof, or wilfully damage the polls, iron, or Other furniture of the fame, it {hall be lawful for any perfon or perfons to arreft and detain fuch offender or offenders, until he, Ihe, 6r they may be darned before the mayor or fome other juftice of the peace 6f the faid city for the time being j and every perfon fo offending, and being thereof convi&ed by the oath of one witnefs, or by the confcltipn of the party accufed, before the mayor or any juftice of the peace for the faid city, {hall for the firft offence forfeit forty {hillings for each Ump, poll, iron, oi* furniture thereof; and for the fecond offence the fum of fifty fhilings for each lamp, poft, iron, or furniture thereof; ana for the third and every fubfequent offence the ftuh of-flfrife

Digitized by CjOOQle

tteffib fear ef George Ilf,

ads fbr Atti lamp* poll, iron* or furniture thereof lb en, thrown down, extfingaifhed, or wtIfaOy damaged, to be recovered and levied by diftrefe and fale of the ©Sender's goods fin manner at aforofaid, and to be applied fin fueh Hwmer fes heroin after directed t and in cafe any perfibn or pofetts fhall be cot rifted in the manner before prefcHb-

tdof breaking, throwing down, or extingtiiflimg any lamp within the fax! City or fuburbs thereof, or wilfully damaging the polls* iron* or other furniture thereof, and no goods at chattels of the perfibn fib offending can at the time of fuch cenvi&ioO be found* then and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid mayor or jaftice hearing fuch complaint to eetamit fuch offender t6 the houfe of eorreftion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time lefs than one month, and Sat e*eeedhi£ fix months.

III.	Provided that if fueh penalty or forfeiture fhall be

paid, before the time Of fuch commitment be expired, that Difehargedon then fuch offender (hall upon fuch payment be immediately dif- payment of pc-dutged out of cuftody; and in cafe no goods or chattels n*“T*

If ftnV of the Other oSenders, who fhall be conrifted of Sly of the other ^fences, ©miffiems, cr refofals, nude pu-lilhAble by pecuniary penalties by any other part of this ift relating to lamp®, (hall be found within twenty-four hours after iflfofog fiuA warrant as aforefhid, then it (hall be lawful for the faid mayor to ifllre his warrant in nature of 111 execution to take the body of fuch offender, and to tortmit foA offender to the gaol of the faid city and county ef theftrid city of Cork to be held in execution, until filth penalty and forfeiture /hall be farisfied and paid*

IV.	Provided wevcrthelris, That if any perfon or perfons

flwl think him, her, ot thetnfebes aggrieved by the judgment Appeal to

bf the laid mayor iff the city of Cork or other jufHce of fcffion*, and

the pelce, thafc fudk perfon or perfonrrs may appeal to the difch»rg«lon

jttftices of the peaCc at the tiext general or quarter fef-

fions to be held for the find city of Cork; and if any fuch

perfon or perfons fhall happen to be in cuftody, frch perfon

or perfons fliaH and may be difeharged ont of cuftody upon

giving fdlicient bail to appear at the faid feffions; and the

juftices of the peace aft fitch feffions art hereby fimpowered

to futtrtnen and examine wftmefies on oath on either fide, and

finally to hear and determine the merits of fuch appeal, and

make fuch order therein, as fhall be agreeable to the provifion

tnd meaning of this aft, and to the nature and rircumflances

of the cafe, and in cafe of conviftion may and fhall iffbe a

warrant Or warrants for levying the penalties or forfeitures,

tad fin* commitring the Offender or offenders as aforefaid $

that ril the pecuniary pAahies and forfritores, which fhall

he Miftei and levied fey Aft aft for wilfuHy ttt 'maKcioufly

breaking,

Digitized by

*5*	fifth	Year of George Ilf.

A. B.	breaking, throwing down, or extinguifhing any lamp or

1765.	lamps, ere&ed or to be ereCted in the fa«d city or fubuibs

Chap. 24. thereof, or for wilfully damaging the polls, iron, or other \-*~~>r~****j furniture of the fame, fhall be paid and applied in the man-ooialtieg for ner following 5 that is to fay, one moiety thereof to the per-breaking lamps, fon or pcrfon8 who fhall difeover and profecute fuch offender or offenders to conviction, and the other moiety, and aB the other pecuniary penalties and forfeitures, which fhall be inflicted and levied by this aCt, to the governors of the work houfe of the faid city of Cork for the ufe of the laid taking away work houfe ; and that if any perfon 01 perfons fhall (leal or lamps, Stc. forcibly carry away any of the faid lamps, irons, polls, or furniture thereof, fuch perfon or perfons, being lawfully convicted thereof upon indictment, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall be tranfported to one of his Majeffy’t plantations in America for feven yearn, or fhall be publickly whipt, at the diferetion of the judge who fhall pafs judgment on fuch offender.

V.	And whereas the mayor, fheriffs, and commonalty ot the faid city of Cork, not having money fufficient in the funds of the faid city for the ereCling and lighting lamps in the faid city and fuburbs, did on the credit of the faid funds, and in confequcnce of a claufe in the herein before recited ad of Parliament, borrow the fum of nine hundred and thirty eight pounds fixteen (hillings and feven pence halfpenny at intereft at the rate of five pounds for every hundred by the year, which fum they have expended for the purpofes aforefaid: and whereas the faid mayor, fheriffs, and commonalty have repaid the faid fum of nine hundred and thirty eight pounds fixteen fhillings and feven pence halfpenny together with feventy feven pounds thirteen (hillings and eight pence intereft due thereon, amounting in the whole to the fum of one thoufand and fixteen pounds tot61. ros. ten fhillings and three pence : be it enaded by the autho-3d. expended rity aforefaid. That the applotters to be appointed purfu-by mayor, &c ant to	fhall and may, and they are hereby required,

over and above the fums which they are herein before required to applot on the feveral inhabitants of the faid city of Cork and the fuburbs thereof, to applot 011 the faid feveral inhabitants according to their fubftance the aforefaid fum of one thoufand and fixteen pounds ten fhillings and three pence, in three equal yearly fucceffive applotments; the faid applotments to be colleded with the firll, fecond, and third of the faid applotments which fhall be made after the end of this prefent fefiion of Parliament for the ereding, lighting, triming, fnuffing, cleanfing, repairing, and maintaining the lamps of the faid city of Cork and the fuburbs thereof; and that the faid lamp contrador or contractors fhall colled ahd receive the fame' in manner aforefaid, and

fhall

Digitized by v^ooQle

¥bg fifth Tear George III.	2jj

(hall pay over to the chamberlain of the faid city of Cork A. D. for the ufe of the faid mayor, fheriffs, and commonalty the 176$. hid fum of one thoufand and iixteen pounds ten (hillings Chap. 24. and three pence, as he or they (hall receive the fame under the hid three applotments thereof refpedivdy; and that all *he Umps, and Angular the lamps, irons, pofts, and other furniture thereunto belonging, now in pofleffion of the faid mayor, thereof to go (heriffa, and commonalty of the faid city of Cork, and iu aid of the which were purchafed with part of the faid fum of one «*fcution of thodand and fixteen pounds ten (hillings and three pence, ***** *** fliaD go in aid of the execution of this ad without any fum or fums of money being levied or raifed for the value or pmthafe of the (ale, fave the aforefaid fum of one thoufand and fixteen pounds ten (hillings and three pence; and that every perfon, who (hall be appointed an applotter in manner heron before fet forth, and (hall refufe or negled to take upon him the office of applotting the faid fum of one thoufand and fifteen pounds ten (hillings and three pence, or ffiaQ undertake the fame, and omit or negled the execution thereof, or (hall omit or negled to return the applotmcnt in fuch maimer, and within luch time, as herein before is mentioned with refped to the other applotments herein before fet forth, (hall be liable and fubjed to fuch penalties, forfeitures, and punifhments, as he would have been liable to, in cafe he had been guilty of fuch refufal, neglect, or omifikm with refped to the other applotments herein before mentioned; and that the aforefaid lamp contrador or con-tia&ors (hall have the fame power and authority^ and are hereby required, to colled the faid fum of one thoufand and fixteen pounds ten (hillings and three pence, in the fame manner as in cafe of the other applotted fums herein before mentioned 5 and that the perfons, on whom any part of the faid fnm of one thoufand and fixteen pounds ten (hillings and three pence (hall be applotted, (hall be liable to the payment of the fame in like manner, as they are to the payment of the other fums herein before mentioned.

VI.	And whereas it has been found, that a fufficient number of freeholders cannot eafily be had in the faid city qualified to ad as jurors in the court of record of the faid city, whereby the trials of caufes in the faid court are much retarded to the great lofs and delay of the parties concerned : and whereas there are numbers of wealthy citizens in the (aid city, who have not freeholds, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from henceforth the want of freehold (hall not be a legal or fufficient objedion or challenge to any perfon fummoned to be a juror in the faid court; but that any perfon, poffefTed of or worth the fum of fifty pounds over and above all his juft debts, (hall be qualified to be

impanelled

Juror*.

Digitized by LiOOQle

WalU,

mayor and council may compel to rebuild, and repair parapet wall* as by 3 G. j. 17, to build,

and to build, rebuild, and repair parapets, as herein.

Applotters of publick money,

The ffib Tear of Gctrge HI* impanelled and fworo as a juror ia the bid court, as if fuph perfon Had a fufficieot freehold*

VII.	And whereas doubts Ism arifen, whether the mayor and council of the bid city of Cork are authorized under the herein before recited aft of Parliament to compel any perfoo or perfons to repair or rebuild the parapet walls of the quays, dykes, or canals of the faid city, or to build any parapet walls oppofhe to the ends of ftreets, lanes, or pafbgea leading to the laid quays, dykes, or canals, be it enafted by the authority aforefavd, That as often as any of the faid parapet walls floall be broken down or out of repair, it ball and may be lawful for the bid mayor and council from time to time to compel the bme perfon, who by the bid recited aft were compelled to build the faid walls, to rebuild and repair them in the fame manner»and time, and to the bme height and dimenfions, as by the bid recited aft tlie bid perfons were and are compellable to build them, with like power to the faid mayor ia cab the bid pcrfoB8 or any of them ball nrgleft or refufe to rebuild or repair the bid walls, as in and by the faid recited aft is given to the bid mayor, in cab any of the nerfoos (hall negleft or refufe to build the bid parapet walk, and with like forfeitures on fuch perfons fo neglefting or refilling ; to be recovered and applied in the like manner, as in the bid red ted aft is fct forth with refpeft to perfons neglefting or refuting to build the bid walls; and that it (hall and way be lawful for the bid mayor and council to compel the occupiers of the corner houfes, cellars, or yards, or (in cafe the fame be wafte) to compd the owners thereof, at the next adjoining end of any ilreet, hue, or pafiage leading to any quay, dyke, or canal in the faid city of Cork, or in the foburbs thereof, to build, rebuild, and repair parapet walls oppotite to the ends of the bid ftreets, lanes, andpaf-fages, in the bid manner and time, and to the bme height and dimcnfieng, as the parapet walk in the bid recited aft mentioned are to be built, and with like power to the bid mayor, in cafe the faid refpeftive occupiers and owners, or any of them, (hall n^gleft or refufe to build, rebuild* or repair the bid laft mentioned pasapet walk, as in and by the bid recited aft ia given to the bid mayor with refpeft to perfons refilling or neglefting to build the parapet walk therein mentioned, with like forfeitures on fuch perfons fo neglefting or refuting 5 to be recovered and applied in like manner, and with fuch privilege of retainer of rent or yearly tenants and tenants at will, as in the bid'recited aft is -fct forth with refpeft to perfons neglefting or odafing *> bnUd the parapet walk in the {aid recited aft moottonedT

VIII.	And whereas in and by an aft made in the firft year of his prefent Majeffy’s reign, intituled, An a3 for the

more

Digitized by LjOOQle

73* fifth.Tear tf George III.

mare eqfy and equal qfiffing and afiplatftng ad money prefented ky the grand jury (f each qjfi%es to be held for the city and county of the city of Corky andfor putting the coaches, chaifcs, chairs % and Sedans, that ply for hire in the faid city9 under the like regulations for the benefit of the work houfe of Corky as they	1	C*

are in £hwlin9 and alfo for the better regulating the harbour of*' l®‘ ^ f* Cork% it was among other things eoaded, Tliat the grand jury of each affizes, to be held for the faid city and county of the laid city of Cork, fhould prefent twenty fix perilous mment as applotters for afTcffing and applotting all publick money, at *ffizc# of prefented to be railed in the faid city and county of the laid Cork, &c. city: and whereas no power was thereby or therein given to the faid grand juries to prefent any money for defraying the expeoces of the feid applotters in the execution of their hid offices, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the grand jury of the (aid city and county of the laid city at the next fummer affixes, to be held for the (aid city and county of the (aid city after the end of the prefent fiei&on of Parliament, and the faid grand jury is hereby required to prefent all fuch fums of money, as (hall have been expended from the time of cnad-mg the faid laft mentioned ait to the time of holding (aid fummer af&zes by the (aid applotters, or any of them, cr by the treafurer of the county of the faid city, for pens, ink, books, or paper ufed bjr the (aid applotters, or any of them,, in the execution of their offices as applotters, togctlier with the expences of fummoning the (aid applotters from time to time to take the oaths, required to be taken by the (aid ap-plotters, and to meet and to make applotments; and that the refpedive grand juries at every affixes, to be held for the laid city and county of the faid city of Cork after the faid fummer affizes, (hall and may, and they' are hereby re* quired to, prefent all fuch fums of money as (hall have been expended by the faid applotters, or any of them, for the purpofes aforefaid, between the affixes, immediately preceding the af&zes, at which fuch presentment (hall be made, and fuch affizes at which fuch presentment (hall be made ; and the feveral fums fo prefented for the purpofes afortfaid, frail be levied and raifed in the dune manner, as is prescribed by the faid lad mentioned ad.

IX.	Provided, That no money (hall be prefented for any of the aforefaid purpofes without an affidavit being prcvi- previous of oufly made, that the fums, to replace which fuch money is (air*X ctP*n<*' to be prefented, hath been honeftly and fairly expended for the purpofes aforefaid.

X* And whereas by an ad of Parliament made in the Water. faid firft year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled. An ad for ^jwgr ia Mfijg a firm bridge from the quay oppofite Princesfireet in nuyor, tariffs, the city Cork, to Lavit’s //land, and a fione bridge from & c. by 26 G.

thence 3-c* a8'

raifed a« by 1 G. 3. 18.

/ffidavic

Digitized by UooQle

to grant under common feal, at herein.

on covenant to pay proportionable ex-pcace,

to make by a& of council, confirmed by D’Oycr hundred, &c. at if herein enaded,

The fifth Tear rf George Iff.

thence to the Red Abby Marjh* with a draw-bridge* or lifting-bridge of wood in the centre of the latter* fujficicnt to let veffels pafs and repafs, and alfo for /applying the faid city with water* certain powers therein mentioned for fupplying the faid city with water, were vefted in the common council of the (aid city of Cork, and fuch freemen at large of the faid city, as fhould be ele&ed in open court of D’Oyer hundred : and whereas it is thought to be more advifeable to veil the faid powers in the mayor, (heriffs, and commonalty of the faid city of Cork with liberty to them to appoint a committee to execute the faid powers: be it enaded by the authority aforefald. That all and fmgular the powers therein vefted in the faid common council and freemen fha.II be, and are hereby divefted out of the faid commoi council and freemen, and vefted in the faid mayor, (heriffs^ and commonalty, and their fucceffors for ever, in as full and ample manner, as they were in or by faid laft mentioned ad vefted in the faid common council and freemen ; and that the eftate, property, right, and title in and to the refervoirs, canals, trenches, water-courfes, and pipes to be made, cut, or laid in pur-fuance, or by virtue of the faid laft mentioned ad, together with all profits and advantages accruing from the fame, or any of them, or from the water in them, or any of them, to be contained, fhall be, and are hereby vefted in the faid mayor, (heriffs, and commonalty, and their fucceffors for ever; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the mayor, lheriffs, and commonalty of the faid city, under the conv-mon feal of the faid city, to grant any (hare or (hares, dividend or dividends, of the profits arifing from the faid refervoirs, canals, trenches, water-courfes, pipes, and water, or any of them, to fuch freeman or freemen at large of the faid city, and their executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns, and for fuch term of years, as the mayor, (heriffs, and common council of the faid city by their order or orders, confirmed by the court of D’Oyer hundred of the faid city, (hall appoint; fuch freeman and freemen, to whom fuch (hare or (hares, dividend or dividends, (hall be fo granted, covenanting for him and them, his and their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns, with the faid mayor, (he-riffs, and commonalty to pay a proportionable part of the expence attending the making, digging, cutting, repairing, and keeping in order the faid refervoirs, canals, trenches, water-courfes, and pipes ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the mayor, (heriffs, and common council of the faid city of Cork, by ad or ads of council confirmed by the faid court of D’Oyer hundred, from time to time, to make fuch orders, regulations, and bye laws, concerning the making, preferving, repairing, or altering the faid refervoirs, canals, trenches, water-courfes, water, and pipes, with fuch

penalties

Digitized by v^ooQle

^ The fifth Tutr §f George III.	*57

penalties and forfeitures for the breach of the faid orders, A. D. regulations, and byelaws, and ter be recovered and applied l7^S* in fuch manner, as to the (aid mayor, (heriffs, and common Chap. 34. council {Kail feem reaJbfiable: and that fuch orders, regu-lations, and bye laws, (hall be of the fame force, and have the feme efficacy, as if they were herein particularly fet forth and ensured; and that it (hall and may be lawful for impowered the (aid mayor, (heriffs, and commonalty to agree with any perfon or perfons, feized or poffeffed of any eftate in fee, or up wltcr> gjg in tail, or for life or lives renewable for ever, or for any sank, fcc. term for years, in the county of Cork at certain annual rent or rents, or otherwise, as (hall be agreed on to be paid by the (aid mayor, (heriffs, and commonalty, and their fuc-ceffors, to fuch perfon or perfons, his, her, or their heirs, executors, admimftrators, or affigns, for liberty for ever, or for any number of years which (hall be agreed on, to take up water from any river on the eftate or grounds of fuch perfon or perfons, and to cut, make, and dig canals, trench-cs, or water courfes, for conveying the (aid water through the eftate or grounds of any of the faid perfon or perfons ; and that any of the faid perfon or perfons notwithstanding any difability by coverture, fettlement, intail, or other impediment, is and are hereby impowered to grant and demife the aforefaid liberty to the (aid mayor, (heriffs, and commonalty, and their fucceffors.

XI.	Provided, That in cafe any of the faid eftates or Rents ^teed

grounds (hall be in tenancy for any term of years not ex- on paid tote-ceeding fixty, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the rent,	.

fo to be agreed upon, by and between the (aid mayor,	.

(heriffs, and commonalty, and the (aid perfon or perfons to portion m whom the fee or freehold of the (aid eftates or grounds (hall hid canals, Ac. itfpc&ively belong, (hall belong and be paid to the (aid	t”f

refpe&ive tenants of the (aid eftates or grounds during the fT€"*de*

hid refpedive terms, in proportion as the (aid canals, trenches, and water-courfes (hall go through the find tenants hid lands.

XII.	And whereas many of the ftreeta, lanes, and pafla- streets.

ges of the (aid city of Cork and fuburbs thereof, arc tdo

narrow; by means whereof the trade of the (aid city is Commiffion-

greatly obftru&ed 2 be it ena&ed by the authority aforeloid, J* for ‘“king

That the mayor and recorder of the hud city of Cork for ngtTlt co°™

the time being, the right honourable John Hdy Hutchin-

fon efquirc, William Ponfonby efquire, Henry Shearet

efquire, the feveral aldermen of the (aid city for the time

being, Hugh Lawton efquire, Francis Carleton efquire,

Stephen Denroch efquire, Riggs Falkiner efquire, Bayley Rogers efquire, Walter Travers efquire, William Verling efquire, Simon Driog efquire, Luke Grant efquire, Kevan Izod merchant, Godfrey Baker merchant. Henry Wrixon Voi^ V.	&	efquire^

Digitized by t^ooQle

PWfcri Id

3'h<* .*• •* retted i» them, the Came at in /aid a <51 for Dublin.

Tbi fifth Year of George III.

efqutre, and William Butler efquire, (hall be and are hereby' appointed commiflioners for making wide and convenient flreets, ways, and paffages in the faid city of Cork and the fuburbs thereof; and that it fhall be lawful for the {aid commiflioners, or the furvivors of them, or any five oF them, to meet at fuch times and places in the faid city o£ Cork, as the faid commiflioners, or the furvivors of them, or any five of them, (hall think proper.

XIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all the powers veiled by an a£t made in the thirty firft year of the reign of George the fecond, intitled An ad for making a wide and convenient way, fireet, and pajfage from EJfex-bridge to the Caftlc of Dublin, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, fhall be, and are hereby veiled in tne herein before mentioned commiflioners, or any five or more of them ; and that all and Angular the claufes contained therein, except that claufe wherein certain commiflioners therein named, are appointed, fhall be in as full force with refpe& to the faid fireet, lanes, and paffages, and the lands, ground, houfes, and tenements in the faid city of Cork, hnd the fjuburbs thereof, as the fame are given and granted by the faid laft mentioned act of Parliament to the commiffi-oners therein named, or to be by the authority therein given ele&ed or appointed with refpe6t to the ftreets, lanes, and paffages, stnd the lands, ground, houfes, and tenements in the city of Dublin.

XIV.	And whereas by the before mentioned a6t made in the firft year of the * reign of his prefect Majefty, it was ena&ed. That it fhall be lawful for the mayor, fheriffs, and commonalty of the city of Cork, to build a done bridge over a branch of the river Lee, tunning through the faid

^	^	city,	from the quay oppofite to the fireet called Princes-

a draw-bridge fireet on DunfcomVs Marfh in the faid city, to the northern inffcead.	or	oppofite part of the^ ifland called Lavits Ifland, and to

build one other bridge of two ftone atches, and a lifting or portcullis bridge over the fouthern channel of the faid river, to the Red Abby Marfh: and whereas it hath been found •	that	it would be more ufeful1 to the inhabitants oT the faid

city, and to the trade thereof, tliat a draw bridge or portcullis bridge fhould be made in the place, where by the faid a£t the Hone bridge wa3 appointed to be built, namely, from • the quay oppofite to the fireet called Princes, to the oppo-Tite part of tne faid Lavits Ifland : be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Tliat it may and fhall be lawful For the mayor, fheriffs, and commonalty of the faid city of Cork, to take down the ftone bridge, which hath been ere&ed over the faid branch of the river Lee, which runs between the faid ifland and Dunfcomb’s Marfh, and in the place and Head thereof, to build and e/e& a turn or draw bridge, or

portcullis

frfkgts.

The ftone bridge treated ever, the Lee puriuant to t o 3, f: i

9owii|

s done bridge of 3

Digitized by LiOOQle

The fifth Tear 9f George IJJ.	tgg

forte vllis bridge; and to build, ere&, or fim/h a floor A* D.

ridge of three arches over the fouthern channel of the (aid 17&S* river, from the faid ifland to the laid Red Abby Marfh, io Chap. 2^, the place where the bridge of two Hone arches and a port-cullis bridge was by the faid a& appointed to be built.	OT'*Lth*

XV.	And whereas the city of Cork is greatly encreafed ^ in the number of houfes and inhabitants, ipfomuch that the Abbey Marfh. mayor of the faid city cannot fo ftri&ly attend the infpec- Msrhttx tion of the markets of the faid city as ufual, and do the p . *. » other requifite duties of his office : be it therefore enafted tice»w {herlfi by the authority aforefaid, That the juflices of the peace to ictnra to fef-fbr the county of the faid city, at the time of their iffuing fionsucitixeni* their precept to the (heriffs of the county of the faid city, a for holding the general quarter feffions of the peace for the jn court, county of faid city, (hall from time to time iffue alfo a pre- one by ooo.

3: to the faid (heriffs, requiring them to return to the faid, ces at the faid feffions, twenty four of the citizens of the laid city, twelve of whom to be fwom aa a market jury for the faid city; and the faid (heriffs are hereby impow-ered and required to fummon, and to return twenty four citizens of the faid city, for the purpofe aforefaid ; and the faidjuftices fhall caufe the faid market jury to be fwom in	*

open court at the faid feffions, one by one, (to wit) that , he will well, truly, and diligently execute the office of a market juror of the faid city without favour or affe&ion, malice or ill will, to any perfon or perfons whatfoever 5 and 3 to vide at tiie laid market jury for the time being, or any three or feafonable hours more of them, are hereby impowered and required at fea-fonable hours to vifit the markets, (lore houfes, working ProvUiens» toufes, cellars and (hops in the faid city, where proviiions and vi&uals are fold or made up or making up for lale in the	'	1

(aid city, and to infpeA the quality of the laid provifions and vi&uals ; and in cafe the faid jury, or any three or more of them, (hall f}nd any unwholfome or bad provifions or viftuals, or any proviiions or vi&uals fraudulently or illegally made up, or provifions or vi&uals in the hands of any Fore-Haller, regrator, or engroffer, that in every fuch cafe tfie faid jury, g^roy three or more of them, are hereby impowered to.feize the faid proviiions or vi&uals, and the perfon or perfons expofing the fame to fide, or claiming to be tfie owner oy owners thereof, and to carry the (aid provifions and vi&uala, and the perfon or perfons before the mayor of the faid city for the time being, who is hereby empowered to difpofe of the faid provifions and vi&uals and of the faid perfon or perfons according to law; and that each iqarket 10	.	•

jury fo fwom, or any three or more of them, (haU have fullocxt 1^7 *Wortl power and authority to execute the faid office of a market jury from the time of their being fwom, until the next market jury fhall be fworn at the enfoing general r^uaxw

A

Digitized by v^ooQle

s6o

A. D.

‘76*-

Chap. 24.

• juty rcfuhng fined not above *oU

by dlftrefs apd fale on mayor’s war-

rin.

, Malert,

Baker or meal-maker is to boy corn, only in publick market rti Cork, or from importer.

penalty $1.

pi■tftf/fw,

V*'

The fifth Year of George III. feffions of the peace to be held for the county of the {aid city ; and if any perfon, being duly fummoned and returned by the laid fheriffs to ferve aa a market juror as aforefaid, fhall refufe, negled, or omit to appear purfuant to the faid fummons, and take the oath aforefaid, or fhall negle& of refufe to execute the laid office, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid juftices at their feffions, and they are hereby impowered, to impofe a fine not exceeding ten pounds, on each and every fuch perfon; and the mayor of the faid city is hereby impowered and required to iffue his warrant for the levying the faid fine by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of the faid perfon or perfons, and to pay ovef the fume fo levied to the governors of the work houfe of the faid city of Cork for the ufe of the faid work houfe.

XVI. And whereas feveral frauds are committed by the _ bakers and meal makers of the faid city of Cork: for remedy whereof be it cnafted by the authority aforefaid. That no baker or feller of bread, or meal mater, refiding in the faid city of Cork or fuburbs thereof, fhall by himfelf, or berfdf, or others for his or her ufe, buy any com from aay perfon or at any place but in the publick market, where com is ufually fold or expofed to fale within the faid city of Cork, except where the fame hath been imported, and then only from the merchant, fad or, or owner Importing the fame; and if any baker, feller of bread, or meal maker, (hall be convi&ed of buying com in any other place or manner than as aforefaid by the confeffion of the party, or by the oath of one credible wltnefs, before the mayor of the faid city, fuch perfon for every fuch offence fhall forfeit five pounds, to be recovered in a fummary manner before, the mayor of the faid city, and to be levied by diffrefs and fale of the offenders goods by warrant under the hand and feal of the mayor of the faid city, one half of the faid fum of five pounds to go to the Informer, and the other half thereof to the governors of the work houfe of the faid city of Cork for the ufe of the faid work houfe; that every baker, or perfon making or expofing bread to fale, within the faid city of Cork and fuburbs thereof (hall at all times make the fame quantity of houfehold as of wheaten bread, unlefs the mayor of the faid city (hall think It neceffary, that greater quantities of houfehold or other forts of bread (hould be made; and that the mayor of the faid city (hall publiff* the proportions to be fo baked in the weekly alike of bread, or otherwife, under his hand ; which orders fo pubKfhed the faid bakers or fellers of bread are required to perform ; and if any baker or perfon making or expofing bread to fale (hall omit to bake an equal number of houfehold as wlieaten loaves, or fhall not obferve fuch orders, that (hall be pub-1 li/hed as aforefaid, for baking houfehold or other forts of

bread.

Digitized by L,ooQLe

taken not

Tbi fiflb Tear $/ George III.

bread, every perfon fo offending, »nd being thereof convid-ed by the confefiitHi of the party or by the oath of one credible witnefs before the mayor of the laid city, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit forty {hilling*, to be recovered m the fummary manner and to be applied as is before mentioned ; that no perfon cxercihng the trade of a baker (hall it the fame time follow the occupation of a meal maker, or meal-men,

(hall fell meal in the laid city or the fuburbs thereof, during the time of his or her cxercifing the trade of a baker on pain, of forfeiting five pounds for every fuch offence, to be re- penalty St covered in the fummary manuer, and to be levied and appli* ed as is before mentioned.

XVIL Provided that if any baker, feller of bread, or Appril to meal maker, fo convided in any of the aforefaid penalties, feflhma.

(hall think him or herfelf aggrieved, he or (he may appeal in writing to the next quarter fefiions of the peace for the county of the laid city of Cork, where the fame (hall be heard in a fummary manner, and finally determined; and if the perfon fo appealing (hall not make good fuch appeal, or profecute it with effed, the laid court of fefiions (hall award fuch colls, as they (hall think rcafon;ible to the pro-fecutor or informer, and commit fuch offender to the common gaol, until he or (he (hall make payment of the faid coils, and allb the penalty adjudged on the convidion of the informer.

XVIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Said a&s in faid, That the aforefaid ads, except fuch parts thereof as force, five u arc hereby repealed, amended, or altered, (hall remain in repealed, a-force, as if this ad had never been made; and that if any 1”^^’ °r perfon or perfons (hall be fued or molelted for any thing general ifTuo done by virtue or iu purfuance of this ad, fuch perfon or pleaded, Ac. perfons may plead the general ilTue, and give this ad (which (hall be deemed a publick ad) and the fpeclal matter in evidence for his and their defence j and if a verdid {hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs difeontinue his, her, or their adion, or be non-* fuited, or judgment be gives againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs on demurrer or otherwife, the defendant or defendants fall have double coffs.

A public

CHAP,}

Digitized by Google

t€z

A. D.

¥hefifth Year o/Gcorgc III.

CHAP. XXV.

An A3 for malting a Tumpthe Roadfrom the Town of Athlone in the County of RoJ,common to the Bridge of BaUiforan on the River Such, and from Athlone to the Town of Mount Talbot in the County of Rofcommon.

WHEREAS the high road leading from the bridge of Ballyforan on the river Suck, which divide* the county of Galway from the county of Rofcommon to the town of Athlone, and from the town of Mount Talbot to the faid town of Athlone, are the great roads, through which the inhabitants of the t wns of Galway, Tuam, and of the counties of Galway and Mayo, ufually travel to the city of Dublin, and the fame are greatly out of repair, and dangerous for travellers, and cannot in a confiderable fpace of time be amended by the ordinary courfe appointed by the laws for the repair of highways : wherefore, that the faid roads may be amended with convenient fpeed, be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent Majeftv by and with the advice andconfent of the lords fpiritml and temporal andcomirions in this prefent Parliament nflembled, and by the authority Trofteetof of the fame, That the mod reverend lord archbifhop of {aid loads. Tuam, the right honourable earl Lowth, the right honour-‘	able	lord Mounteagle, the honourable Peter Kelly Browne

cfquire, John French efquire of French Park, Thomas Mahon efquire, Robert French of Monivae efquire, William Talbot cfquire, John Blakeney efquire, John Bingham efquire, Henry Bingham efquire, Luke Dillon efquire, Arthur French efquire, fir Richard St. George, Dennis Kelly efquire, reverend Dean Ryder, reverend Dudley Ryder, Robert Waller junior efquire, Rofs Mahon junior cfquire, John Mahon efquire, Daniel Kelly efquire, Samuel Simpfon efquire, reverend William Digby, Edmund Net-tervil efquire, reverend Jeremy Marfh, Francis Marfh, cfquire, John Blake efquire, Anthony French efquire, Gregory French efquire, reverend Alexander Seaton, Charles Blakeney, gentleman, Dominick Blake efquire, Chriftopher Bellew gentleman, Thomas Coleman gentleman, Martin Darcy, gentleman, Andrew French gentleman, Simon Blakctoey efquire, Peter Kelly gentleman, John Farrell gentleman, Thomas Lifter Grange efquire, Mark Browne cfquire, Darcy French efquire, Frederick French gentleman, Bernard Rochfort gentleman, Dominick Bellew gentleman, Michael BeJlew gentleman. Pierce Lynch gentleman, may be, and they are hereby, nominated and appointed truftees of the laid roads, and die furvivors of them.

ID And

Digitized by LjOOQle

Tbt fifth Tear tf George III.

II.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That	J}t

they or any five or more of them* or fuch perfon or peribna 1765. as they or any five or more of them (hall authorize and ap- Chap. 25. point, (hall and may ere& or caufe to be cre&ed one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, or Any $ may acrvr, any part or parts of the faid roads, and alto a toll tunipike^ houfe or toll houfes, and there (hall receive and take the tolls and duties following, before any horfe, mare, mule, gelding, cattle, coach, beriin, chariot, calafli, chaife, chair, waggon, cart, carr, or other carriage, (hall be permitted to pafs through the fame (that is to fay) for every coach, rates of car-chariot, beriin, cala(h, chaife, or chair, drawn by fix horfes, T V**44 ^I0* geldings, or mares, one (hilling and fixpence 5 for every m* coach, chariot, beriin, calaih, chaife, or chair, drawn bv a lefler number of horfes, mares, or geldings, than fix, and more than two, one (hilling; for every coach, chariot, beriin, chaife, or chair, drawn with two horfes, mares, or geldings, fix pence; for every waggon, wain, or cart, with four wheels, five (hillings; for every waggon, wain, or cart, with two wheels, drawn by more than two horfes, mares, geldings, mules, or oxen, three (hillings; for every cart, waggon, or carr, drawn with two horfes, mares, geldings, mules, or oxen, two (hillings 5 for every caniagc called a chair or chaife, drawn by one horfe, mare, or geld*-ing, three pence; for every cart or other carriage drawn br one horfe, the wheels of which car are three inches broad, two pence 5 but if the wheels be a leiTer gauge, four pence; for every other horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, one penny; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the fum of ten pence per (core, and fo in proportion for any greater or lcfTer number; for every drove of bogs, calves, (beep, or lambs, the fum of five pence per fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler number; which (aid refpeltive fum or fums (Hall be demanded and taken in the name of or as a toll or duty ; and the money, fo to be raifed as aforefaid, is and (hall hereby be veiled in the (aid truflees, and (hall be applied and difpofed of for the ufes, intents, and purpofes herein after mentioned; and the (aid truftees or any five or more of them arc hereby inrv powered by themfelves, or any perfon or perfons by them or any five or more of them under their hands and feals thereunto authorized, to levy the toll or duty hereby required to be paid upon any perfon or perfons, who (haM after demand made thereof negle& or refufe to pay the feme, by diftrefs of any horfe or horfes, or other cattle, or goods,

.upon which fuch toll or duty is by this aft impofed, or upon the goods and chatties of fuch perfon or persons who ought to pay the fame, and may detain and keep the fame, till fob toll or duty with the reasonable charges of fuch di£>

!l 3	twining

Digitized by L.ooQle

Tell applied firft to ezpencM.

Permitting

piffige t. evade toft* penalty i$#. oy 5 tniftees or i juftice.

Tell applied totheroajjs „

Tefp/cdivf’ly, inttreft on low, friaries, IM?d pJfpcnce«,

VA# fifth Ttar rf George III. training or keeping (hall be paid ; and it (hall and may be

lawful for the perfon or perfons fo diftraiping after the fpace ot five days from the tine bf fo diftraining to fell the good* fo diftrained, returning the overplus, if any be, upon demand to the owner thereof, after fuch toll or duty with the reasonable charges (hall be paid.

III.	And be It enaded by the authority aforefaid, That out of the money prifing from the profits of the feveral turnpikes to be eroded, the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall pay the expence of eroding fuch turnpike or turnpikes, or building fuch toll houfe or toll-houfes, and after in the making of the faid roads, and in keeping the fame in good repair.

IV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, Thst if any perfon or perfons, occupying any land near unto any turnpike to be eroded in purfuance of this ad, (hall for gain or otherwife permit any perfon or perfons to pa& through any gate, p^ffage, or way with any coach or other carriage* or riding or driving any horfe, mule, or afs, or *ny fort of cattle, to avoid paying the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and fnall be thereof ppnvided upon the oath of one or more witnefs or witneffes before the laid truftees, or any five or^paore of them, or before one or jnore juftice or joffices of the peace for the county wherein fuch offence fhafl be committed, who are hereby impoyvered to adminif-ter fuch oath, fuch perfon or perfons (hal) forfeit and pay to the truftees authorized to put this ad in execution the fum of fifteen (hillings, to be levied by .diftrefs and faje of the offender’s goods by warrant under the band and foil, or under the hands and feals of the faid truftees, or any five .or moip of them, or fuch juftice or juftices, rendring the overplus to the owner (if aqy be) after the reasonable pharges being firft deduded.

V.	Provided, That the tolls to be colleded at the gate .or gates to be eroded at Ballyfoyan, or on any part of the road from Balliforap to the point of the road where it meets the road leading from Mount Talbot to Athlone, Shall be applied in repairing and for the foie ufe of the road leading from Balljforan to faid point of the road, vyhere the road leading from Mount Talbot falls into it; and in like manner the tolls to be colleded at Moijnt Talbot, or at ?ny gate to be eroded between Mount Talbot and the point where the road leading from Mount Talbot falls into the Balliforan road, (hall be applied in repairing the faid road leading from Mount Tajbot tp the faid ppint of meeting j and all tolls to he colleded at any gate tp be eroded near the town of Athlone, or at any gate to bf ereded between the town of Athlone and the point where the roads leading to Mount

S^Uiferai* xpect, fuch tolls be firft applied

Digitized by v^ooQle

No gate

Tht f.fib Tuar $f George III. m repairing, and making, and for the ufe of the road lying between the town of Athlone and the point, where the road* to Mount Talbot and Balliforan meet; and after the faid road between Athlone and faid point ihall be effc&ually repaired, the tolls to be colle&ed at any gate to be creeled between Athlone and faid point of meeting (hall be divided into two equal parts, one moiety to be applied to the ufe of the road leading to Ballifomo, and the other moiety to the «£e of the road le ading to M*>unt Talbot; and the faid tolls to be coPetted in manner aforefaid (hall in the like manner be applied refpe&ively for the payment of the intern! of any money to be borrowed, as herein after mentioned, fur the ufe of faid roads, or any or either of them, or of the intereft thereof, and in the payment of any fabrics for officers to be appointed by virtue of this aft, or any other expence* attending the repair of the faid road* refpectively.

VI.	Provided that no gate to be ere&ed noarer to the

town of Athlone than weit of the point, where the road nearer Athkme leading from BLofeommon join* the road leading from Balli-	***

foran and Mount Talbot to the town of Athlone.	road.

VII.	And be it eoa&cd by the authority aforefaid, That

the faid trudees or any five or more of them are hereby yoa8 no double impowered to ere<$ one or more gate or gates, turnpike or charge, turnpikes, on the fide of the faid highway or road crufs any way or lane leading out of the faid road, and to build a toll houfe or toll boufes, and there to receive and take fuch toll, as is appointed by this ad to he taken ; fo as the fame does not extend to a double charge in cafe of palling the fame day through any other of the turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this a£*.

VIII.	Provided always, That in cafe there (hall be more Toll hot than one gate or turnpike in, crofr, or on the fide of the oncc a day. faid highway* or roads intended to be repaired by this a£t,

po perfon on having paid the toll or duty at the firll gate or turnpike, through which he (hall pafs, and producing a r.ote or ticket that the faid toll or duty was paid, which note or ticket the receiver or recti vers is and are hereby required to give gratis, (hall be liable to pay any toll or duty at any other of .the faid gates on the fame day ; and no perfon paffi.ig the place where the toll or duty fh ill be paid, who drill return tnp fame day upon or with the fame horfe or carriage, (hall be liable the fame day to pay the &d duty more than once.

IX.	And forafmuch as the money to be colie&cd by fuch Alignment receipts of the faid toll will not be at prefcnl fuflicient for of toll tor the.fpeedy repair of the faid road: be it enafted by the money hop-authority aforefaid, That the faid truftees or any five or. to flm* piope of them ffiaU and and are hereby impowered ufcl#

from

Digitized I Google

Warrants to

paj intereft.

trtnftferahle by indorfemcnty&c

Avoiding toll*, penalty ios. before 3 crnftees or 1 juftke.

The fifth Tuar *f George III. from time to time by writing under their refpeftive hand# and feals to affign over the laid feparate toll or duty hereby granted, or any part thereof, the coils and charges whereot to be born and? paid out of fuch feparate toll or duty, for any term or time during the continuance of this aft, a* * fecurity for any fum or fums of money by them to be borw rowed for that purpofe, to fuch perfon or perfons or thdr trufteea, who (hall advance and lend the fame, to fecure the payment thereof with lawful intereft or lefs, if the fame can be fo had ; which faid money borrowed (hall be applied and difpofed of, as the toll or duty is by this aft to be applied and difpofed of, and to no other ufe or purpofe what* foever.

X.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid truftees, or any five or more of them, from time to time during the continuance of this prefect aft to make out warrants or orders in writing under their hands, direfted to the treafurer or receiver of the faid tolls, requiring him to pay thereout to the perfon or perfons named in fuch warrant or order, their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, the growing intereft of the fum of money mentioned in fuch warrant or order, as the fame (hall from time to time become due, until fuch time as the principal fum mentioned in fuch warrant or order (hall be paid off and difcharged.

XI.	Provided that no fuch warrant or order (hall be for any greater fum than fifty pounds; and that any perfon, to whom fuch warrant or order (hall be given, his or her executors or adminiftrators, may by indorsement on fuch orders Transfer the right to the fum therein mentioned; which in* dorfement (hall intitle the indorfce or alfignee, his executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, to the foie benefit of the fum fo transferred; which feveral indorfements (hall be entered in a book gratis to be kept by the treafurer or receiver of the tolls for that purpofe, who (hall number all the faid orders arithmetically, beginning from number one ; and the feveral tolls aforefaid (hall be applied to the difcharge of the intereft of the money fo to be borrowed, and towards repairing faid road, and all furplus of faid tolls (hall be applied in difcharge of the principal money fo to be borrowed.

XII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever with any coach, berlin, chariot, cala(h, chaife, or chair, waggon, wain, cart, carr, or other carriage, or riding or driving any horfe, mare, afs, mule, or any fort of cattle, (hall go out of faid road into any bye ways to avoid the payment of the toll by this present aft appointed to be paid, and (hall thereof be con-viftcd upon the oath of one or more witnefs or witneffes before the faid truftees, or any three or more of them, wfio

are

Digitized by

Google

5 TniHeti

Ybt fifth Tutr §f George tlL thereby itnpowered and required to adminifter fuch o*ttr» sr before one or more juftice of iufticet of the peace for (be county where fuch offence (hall be committed, who are tlfo hereby impowered and requfred to adminifter fuch ntth, fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit and oay to the troftces abovementioned, or fuch perfon and permits as may hereafter become traftees by virtue of this prelent aft, the fem of ten (hillings, to be levied by diftrefs and (ale of the binder’s goods by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice of the peace, or under the hands and feals of the £ud truftees, or any three or more of them, rrndring the owrplus (if any be) to the owner, the charges of taking and difpofing of the (aid goods being firft deduced.

XIII.	And be it enafted by the authority afbrefasd,

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid truftees may or any five or more of them to afeertain, defcribe, and fet a direa line, apart fuch part and proportion of the lands adjoining or •• herein, contiguous to the faid highways or roads, or which other* wife He mod convenient for carrying oq and continuing the laid highways or roads ftraight and in direft lines, not be* ing houfes, gardens, parks, or paddocks adjoining, avenues, plantations, or planted walks, as they the laid truftees or any five or more of them (hall judge necdlary for carrying the fame ftraight and in a direft line as aforefaid; and the My treat faid truftees, or any five or more of them, are hereby fur- with ownert of ther authorized and impowered to treat and agree with the Z™*0*** Ac. owners and others interefted in the laid ground, to be made nit of in carrying the faid road ftraight as aforefaid, for fuch recompence and latisfa&ion to be made for the fame out of the tolls and duties arifing by virtue of this prefeat aft, as the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall think fit and reafonable: and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall neg]eft or refufe to treat or agree as aforefaid, or through disability by nonage, coverture, or Ipedal limitation in any fettlement or lettlements, or by reafon of any other impediment, cannot, or otherwise bowfoever (hall refute to difpofe of theft refpeftive interefts in fuch lands, as the (aid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall think convenient for the (hortening the (kid road, in every fuch cafe, the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to Mue forth their warrant or warrants to the (heriff of the county, wherein fuch ground doth lie, to impanel and return before the truftees or any five or more of them, at fuch time and place within the laid county, as (hall be appointed in fuch warrant or wahrants, a fufiicient jury, who, upon their oath, which oath the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to adminifter, (hall inquire into the true (Ad real value of foch ground* fe to be made nib

Digitized by v^ooQle

x6t	Yb$fifth Tutr •/George Ifl.

A. D. of for the faid highways or roads; and fuch verdifts or 1765. inquisitions, as (haul be To found and returned by the faidi Chap. 25* jury, afeertaining the value of fuch ground, (hall be final V^v^sj and conclufive as well to the faid truftees, as to the feveral and refpeftive proprietors of fuch ground, notwithflanding any difabilky or incapacity whatsoever.

M«y appoint XIV. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That eoDedortand the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, at their firft frrveyors, meeting, or any fucceeding meeting, by writing under their hands and feals, (hall and may eleft, nominate, and appoint one or more fit perfon or perfona to be receiver or receivers, colleftor or coUeftors, of fuch money in the name of fuch toll or duty, as ihall be due and payable by virtue of this aft, and alfo one or more fit perfon or perfons to be furvey-or or forveyors, to fee the condition of the (aid highways or roads, and to fee that the fpmc be repaired and amended; and that the money arifing and expended by virtue of this aft be duly applied, and from time to time to remove fuch colleftors, receivers, and furveyors, or any or either of them, as they (hall fee occafion, and appoint new ones in cafe of death, or any fuch removal; and fuch perfon or perfons, as is or are liable by this aft to pay the faid toll or duty, is and are hereby required to pay the fame after the rates aforefaid, to the (aid receiver or receivers, collector or colleftors, of the faid toll or duty in that behalf from time to time appointed as aforefaid, for the receiving the faid toll or duty; and fuch (urveyor or furveyors as aforefaid, fhall upon oath by the truftees, or “any five or more of them, or before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace redding near the highways or roads aforefaid, which oath fuch truftees, or any five or more of them, or fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered and re-quired to adramifter, on the firft Tuefday in, every month, or oftener, if required, during the continuance of this aft, give in a true, exaft, andperfeft account in writing, under their refpeftive hands, of all money which he, and they, and every of them, or any perfon employed by them, or any of them, fhall to fuch time have received, paid^ and difburfed by virtue of this aft, by reafon of their refpeftive offices, for which no fee or reward (hall be taken; and is cafe any money fo received (hall remain in their or any of their hands, the fame (hall be paid to the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall by any writing or writings under their hands and feals, authorize and irapower to receive the fame, which (haft be difburfed and laid out in amending the faid highways or roads, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, and not otherwifc; and the laid truftees, or any five or more of

Digitized by Google

Tbt fifth Tour *f George HI.	^

them, to whom fuch account (hall be given, fliafl and may A. 1). pot of the money anting by the laid toll or duty make 176;. foch allowance to the hud receiver or receivers, cofle&or or Chap. 25. eoBeftors, and the furveyor and furvcyors, for and in coufi-deration of his and their care and paint refpe&ively taken allowmacc to m the execution of his and their office and offices, and to	***

foch other perfon or perfont who have been, or (hall be iy ^urveyori*" lifting in and about procuring the laid highways and roods u a day, others la he amended and repaired by advancing and laying out sbovt s$l» ioy money, or otherwife relating thereunto, as to them **•***• kill 1km good; fo as fuch allowance or allowances to fuch CoQe&or or coUc&ors do not annually exceed twenty pounds j and to fuch furveyor or furveyora any fum not exceeding two (hillings a day during fuch time or times as he or they ftofl be ixjperttvely employed in the repair of the laid roads; tod fo as fuch allowance or allowances to any other perfon •r perfons, who (hall be employed by virtue of this art,

Iocs not exceed the fum of fifteen pounds yearly to fuck perfon; and in cafe the laid receiver Or receivers, collcrtor or co&c&on, of the aforefaid toll or duty, or any of them, w not make fuch account and payment unto luch perfon sr perfons according to the orders and directions of the laid traftees, or any five or more of them as aforefaid, then the jaftices of the. peace at any quarter fefEons to be held for the county, in which fuch receiver or collector has aded,

Ut hereby required and unpowered to make inquiry, and finally determine concerning luch default; and if any perfon or perfons (ball be convided thereof by fuch juitices, who are hereby impowered to adminiiter an oath to any witnefs ■ or witneffes for the purpofe aforefaid, fuch judices (hall upon coovi&ion commit the party or parties to gaol, there to remain without bail, until he or they (hall have made a true account and payment as aforefaid.

XV.	And be it cnaded by the authority aforefaid. That Materials it (haft and may be lawful to and for the furveyor, or over-	*

leer, or overfeers to be appointed by the faid truftecs, or or any fire or more of them, and for fuch perfon and perfons without pay at he or they (hall appoint, to dig, raife, gather, take, and meat, carry away gravel, furze, fand, Hones, or other materials, out of any wade or common of any parifh, town, or village, or hamlet, in or near which any founderous or ruinous place of the (aid highways or roads do lie; and for want of fuffi-cicnt gravel, furze, fand, ftones, or other materials there, to dig, gather, raife, take, and carry away the fame out t of the wafte or common of any neighbouring parifh, town.

Tillage, or hamlet, without paying any thing for the dune f and where there is not fufneient of fuch materials in any commons or wade grounds near adjoining, it (hall and may lie lawful for him and them to digy raife, and gather the

fiunq

Digitized by L,ooQle

Truftees •of-feffed of 10L yearly freehold, or 500L pcrfo-**L

Giver and receiver of ticket to avoid toll, forfeit lot.

Continued to 1 May 18*7.

Tj>e fifth Tear of George Ilf. feme in the feveral grounds of any perfon or perfon*, nqt being a garden, orchard, yard, or meadow, planted walk or walks, or avenue to a houle, where any fuch materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry away fuch and fo much thereof, as he or they {hall judge necd-fery for the repairing and amending the faid highways or roads, paying Inch rate for fuch materials to the owner or occupier of the ground from whence the fame fhall be digged, raifed, gathered, and carried away, as the truftec% appointed or to be appointed to put this aft in execution^ or any five or more of them, (hall adjudge reafonable.

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore* feid. That no perfon (hall be hereafter elefted a truftee to

St this aft in execution, who (hall not aftually be in pof-Gon of a freehold eftate of the clear yearly value of ten pounds, at the time of his being elefted a truftee, or who thall not have a perfonal eftate of the clear yearly value of five hundred pounds; and that upon any doubt arifing of the value of fuch eftates the perfoo fo elefted, before he fliaB be admitted to aft as a truftee, if any truftee (hall require it, fhall fwear, that his eftate is of the faid value, before five truftees affembled at a board, which oath the faid truftees are hereby impowered and authorized to adminifter.

XVII.	And for preventing frauds and abufes in the laid, tolls and duties, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons, having paid the toll or duty by this aft granted and made payable, and having fuch note or ticket, notes or tickets, as are hereby required, (hall give or difpofe of the fame, to any perfon or perfons in order to avoid the payment of the faid toll or duty, every fuch perfon giving, difpofing, or offering, and the perfon receiving fuch note or ticket, notes or tickets, and being thereof convifted upon the oath of one or more witnefs or witpeffea before the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or before any one or more juftice or juflices of the peace of the county wherein fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, which oath the faid truftees and the faid juftice or juftices are hereby impowered to adminifter, (hall refpeftively forfeit and pay the fom of teq {hillings, to be levied, recovered, and difpofed of as any other penalty or forfeiture is direfted to be levied, recovered, and difpofed of by this aft.

XVIII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the tolls or duties hereby granted {hall take place and have continuance from and after the faid firft day of May, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, for and during the term of fixty one years.

XIX.	Provided

Digitized by

Google

Tht fifib Tear of George IU.	*7*-

XIX.	Provided neverthelefs, That if at any time before A» D.

the expiration of the (aid term of fixty one years, all parts	*7®5*

of the laid roads fhall be fufficicntly amended and repaired. Chap. 35. and fo adjudged by the majority of the truftees, appointed

or hereafter to be chofen by virtue of this aft, by an ad-

judication made, and repayment to the feveral and refpcc-	^

tire perions of all fums of money as fhall have been paid or losa ivpakL

borrowed with the lawful intereft for the fame, and the

cofts and charges thereof, the (aid tolls and duties (hall

cede and determine; any thing herein contained to the

contrary notwithftanding.

XX.	And be it cnafted by the authority aforcfiud, That 7tnriUet

for the continuing of a fufficient number of able perfons to	**•

be truftees for putting in execution aU and every the powers jyfhj

in this aft contained for and during the continuance thereof,	la

k fhall and may be lawful to and for the (aid truftees, or laid rsaariti

any feven or more of them, upon the death of any of the

hid truftees, or their removal, or refilling or negiefting to

ad in the faid truft, from time to time, and at all tunes

hereafter during the term aforefaid, to deft, nominate, and

appoint in the room of fuch truftee or truftees fo dcccafed,

removed, or refufing to aft, another fit and able perfon,

or fo many more fit or at}k perfons, living in the counties

of Galway, Mayo, and Rofcommon, to be joined with the

laid truftees in the execution of all and every the power

and powers in them repofed by virtue of this aft; and all

and every perfon and perfons to be chofen truftee or truftees

to join in putting this aft in execution, as they are herein

before qualified to do, fhall and are hereby impowered to

ad to all intents and purpoles, in as full, large, and ample

manner, as the laid truftees are by this aft impowered to dev

and fo toilet quoties, as often as oocafion fhall require.

XKI. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That a publkk aft. this aft (hall be deemed, ac^uracd, and taken to be, a pub* lick aft, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by aU judges, juft ices, and other perfons, whatfoever, without fpccially pkadipg the (ante.

CHAP,

Digitized by L.00Q Le

The fifth Year of George III.

CHAP. xxvr.

An AH for mating a Turnpike Road leading from the To*tvn of Monefierrvan in the County of Kildare, to the Town of Portarhngtony and from thence to the Towns of Mountmel-tick and Rofenallis in the Queen's County, and from thence to the Town Of Birr in the King's County, andfrom thence to Lahincb near the Riixr Shannon in the County of Tipperary.

WHEREAS the highways or roads leading from the city of Dublin through the towns of Monefter-even in the county of Kildare, to the towns of Portarling-ton, Mountmellick, and Rofenallis in the Queen’s county, and from thence to the town of Birr in the King’s county, and from thence to Lahinch near the river Shannon in the county of Tipperary, by reafon of the many windings and turnings thereof, and of the ileep hills and hollow ways through which the faid road from Moneftereven to Lahinch pafles, and the deepnefs of the foil, and the great fcarcity and want of gravel convenient or contiguous thereto, are become fo ruinous and bad, that in the winter fea-fon many parts thereof are impaffable for waggons, carts, cars, and carriages, and very dangerous for travellers, and cannot by th^ ordinary courfe appointed by the laws and ftatutes of this realm be effectually amended and kept in good repair: wherefore, and to the intent that the faid highways or roads may with convenient fpeed be effectually amended, and hereafter kept in good and fufficient repair, fo that all perfons may travel through the fame with fafety ; be it enaCted by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That for the better fur-veying, ordering, and amending, and keeping in repair the (aid highways and roads, it fhall be in the power of the right honourable the earl of Drogheda, lord Digby, lord Milton, fir William Parfons baronet, fir Kildare Dixon Burrowes, William Henry Dawfon efquire, William Pole efquire, John Parnell efquire, Hunt WaUh efquire, Henry Lyons efquire, Peter Holmes efquire, fir John Mead baronet, honourable Robert Rochford efquire, Lancelott Sandes efquire, John Dawfon efquire, John Digby efquire, Duke Tyrrell efquire, Jonathan Darby efquire, Grffard Neibitt efquire, William Vaughan efquire, Warrenford Armftrong -efquire, Andrew Armftrong efquire, Edward Palmer e£ quire, Thomas Stanpu9 efquire, George Evan* efquire, Robert Flood efquire, Anthony Sharp efquire, Luke Flood

4	efquire*

The fifth Tear *f Qeorge IIT. efquire, Edward Wall efquire, Thomas Bernard eCqnirc, *Thomas Drought efquire, Robert Drought efquire, Dowdall Pigott efquire, Thomas Sabatier efquiret Michael Lewis efquire, Henry Prittie the elder efquire, Henry Prittie the younger efquire, John Blumlicld enquire, William Parfonf efquire, archdeacon Synge, reverend Abraham Downes clerk, Robert Weldon efquire, Henry Leftrange efquire* Thomas Coghlan efquire, Robert Mullock efquire, reverenq John Mullock, Owen Mooney efquire, Edmond Armftrong efquire, Thomas Armftrong efquire, Terence Magrati> efquire, Samuel Judge efquire, Jonathan Berry efquire, do&or John Heenhan, Eufebius Drought efquire, Godfrey fienfworth efquire, George Holmes eiquire, Bortholomew Boyd Elliott efquire, fir Thomas Dancer, Francis Sadlier efquire, John Loyd efquire, George Frafier efquire, reverend Richard Warburton clerk, major Gcoige Clarges, reverend Thomas Hemfworth, reverend dean Cootc, reverend Guy Atkiufon, reverend archdeacon Carey, Lamlcy

Higgins efquire, Henry Croafdaile efquire, doctor -------

Staunton, Henry Palmer of Birr gentleman, 'fhomas Strangeman gentleman, Samuel Strangeman gentleman, George Pitifworth gentleman, Jonathan Clarke gentleman, John Humphreys gentleman, Mofes Pirn gentleman, David Chandcrs gentleman, Hawkins Ireland gentleman, Henry White gentleman, Gilbert White gentleman, William Abbot gentleman, James Jackfon the younger, gentleman, Robert Jackfon gentleman, Nathaniel Pindar gentleman, Roger Finch gentleman, Henry Courtney gentleman, Henry Palmer junior gentleman, Jofeph James gentleman, Nathaniel Hobbart gentleman, Matthew Hobbart gentleman, Francis Short gentleman, WilliamiTeffop gentleman, Jofeph Marfhal gentleman, Benjamin Friend gentleman, John Friend gentleman, George Clarke gentleman, John Clarke gentleman, William Golding fenior gentjeman, William Golding junior gentleman, David Latimer gentleman, Charles Mefiop gentleman, George Bohanan gentleman, Knight Berey gentleman, Jeremiah Hankes junior gentleman, Luke Ufhet gentleman, John James gentleman, Thomas Spooner

Stieraan, UlifTes North "efquire, Lyons Kape efquire, a Coates gentleman, and Thomas Humphreys gentle-mao, who are nerby nominated and appointed truftces'of the hid roads, and the furvivor and furdvors of them* that they, or any feven or more of them^ Hiall authorize and appoint^ and wall and may ere& or caufe. to be erefled, one ot more gate or gatfcs, turnpike "or turnpikes, in, upon, or crofs any part or parts of the" faid highways or roads leading from Mouefterevan to Portarlington, * and from thence to the towns of Mountmellick and Rofenallis to the town or Birr, and from thence to Lahinch aforefaid, and aUo a toll

Y,	S	'

any 7 may credt tarafskf^

Digitized by L.ooQle

tftd take toll the rates fycrc-ip fpeci^ed.

toll veiled ip Iruttccs,

t*J -

levied by: dif-trcfg, &c.

Tie fifth %tar of Grouse III, hpufe or toll houfes, and, there (hall, receive ai\d tal^c. t^e tolls and duties following, before any Jiorfe, marc, or gekji ing, afs or mule, cattle, coach, berlip, chariot^ galaflfr chaife, chair, waggon, vvajn, cart^ car, or other carroty (hall be permitted to pafs through the fame, viz. for every coach, berlin, chariot, cala/h, chaife, or chair drawn by fix horfes, geldings, mares, mules, or afles, or more, fpm of one milling and fix pence; and for qvery co^tchj b$ifc lin, chariqt, calafh, chaife, or chair, drawn by fppr geldings, mares, mules, or afles, the fum of one /hilling and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife or ckw:^ drawn by t\yo horfes, geldings, mares, mules, pr the fum qf eight pence; for every waggon, wain, cart, carriage with four* wheels, five (hillings; for every wag wain, cart, or carnage, \yith two wheels, drawn by tE or more horfes, gelding3, ipares, mules, afles, or bcafl* y draft, one (hilling ; for every waggon, wain, c^rjt, qrq$N riage \yith two wheels, cj^wn by two horfes, gehjlia^,, mares, mules, afles, or beafts of draft, the fum of pence; for qyery carriage, commpnly called a chair or chatty drawn by one horfe, gelding, mare, mule, or afs,, the. of four pence ; for every cart, par, or other carriage, ipg but one horfe, mare, gelding, mule, aft, oy beafj: < draft, the fum of three halfpence; for every horfe, mipe, gelding, afs, or mule, with any perfop riding thereon, .|um of three halfpence; for every horfe, gelding, maw, mule, or afs, or bead of burthen, not drawing, laden 05 unladen, ope penny 5 for every drove of oxen, cows, os neat cattle, the fum of one (hilling and eight pence by the; fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or letter number ^ for every drove of hogs, calves, fheep, goats, or lambs, the^ fum of ten pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler number; and for every carriage wherepa /hall be carried or borne any millflone, the fum of five fbfl-linga; and which faid refpe&ive fum and fums. of mopey (hall be demanded and taken in the name of, and as a toll or duty; and the money fo to be rajfed as aforeftid, iq and (hall be hereby veiled in the faid truftees; and the fame, and every part thereof, fhall be paid, applied, di/po.fedsof, and afligned to and for the feveral ufes, intents, and pur-pofes, and in fuch manner, as is herein after mentioned and; direded ; and that the faid truftees, or any feven or xpore< of them, are hereby themfclves, or any perfon or periods,by them, or an y feven pr more of them, under their hands and. feals thereunto authorized, to .levy the tolls and duties here-, by required to be paid, upon any perfon or perfops, who /hall after demand made thereof, negled or rpfufe tp pay the fjame, by diftrefs of any horfe or horfes, or other cattle^ or. goods, upoij whieft tolls, or duties are by this ad in^ofed^

Digitized by v^ooQle

Tbi fftb Thar $f GeargtVT. or upon any other of the goods or chattel* of fach perfca or ptrfoni who ought to pay the fame, and may detain and keep the feme* uatft fuch • toU or duty, with the reafooabfe charges of fitch detaining or keeping (hall be paid j and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch peribn or period* fo diftraioing, after the (pace of fire days after fuch diftitfe made and taken, to fdl the goods fb d&nuoed, v*» tarniag the overplus, if any be, upon demand to the owner thereof afier fuch toll, ditty, and reasonable charge* for ddbaimng, beeping, and* felling the- fame fhaU be deduced sad paid*

II. And* be it adfo ana6bed by the authority aforefaid, that out of the firft money ariling from-the profit* of the t0 faeral turnpike* fo- to be ereffced* the faid truftces, or aay (even or move of them,* (h&U firft pay and difeharge the apeoce of procuring this ad of Parliament, and of craft* 119 (ueh turnpike and turnpike*, and boilding fuch toll boaf* of toll bottfe*; and from'and after fuch* change* and mmee* (hall be fully fttisfied and paid, that then, and ms thenceforth, the profits arifiog, and the toll* to be cjk&cift at any turnpike or turnpikes to be eredfed andfet on the fiud roads, or any part- thereof (ball be applied fcr and toward* the repair of the find road only, and not dfarhere.

Applied rft cxpcnccs.

III.	And be it alio cna&ed by the authority afbrefafch Permitting that if any perfon or perfon* whatfoerer owning, renting ptifege, pest occupying: any land near unto any turnpike to be ereded ,0f* in purfuance of this ad, (hall for gain, reward, or other* wife wittingly or- willingly * permit any peribn or perfons whatsoever t* pads through any gate, pafiage, or way with any coach, bevUn, chariot, cahrih, chaifc, or chair, waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, or ridrngv or leading, of driving any borfe, aft, or mare, or any fort of cattle, and be thereof cotrvi&ed upon oath before' the faid truftees of any (even or mart of theta* or before* one or mere juftice or juftice*of the peace for the county wherriir fuch offenccr or offences (Hall be committed, who are hereby impowered ud required to adtmnifter fuch oath, every perfon lb offend* iog, Hull forfeit aod* pay to the'truftees authorised to put* this aft in execution, the fum of ten (hillings, to be levied4 b7 difbtft and fak of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand aad feal, or under the lands and feals of thef hid truftees, or any feven or more of them, or fuch juftice* or jnftioev rendering the overplus to the owner, if any be, th* chaige* in-taking and difpofihg of fuch goods being firft dsdu&ed

lV«A*d4ie it alfo enafted b* ther authority aforefaid, side gates. That it ftmll and* may; be lawful for the faid trufteesy or S 2	any

Digitized by

t?6	Tbi fifth Ytar if Georg* III.

A. D	any fere* or more of them, to ere& one or more gate or.

176;.	gates, turnpike or turnpikes, on the fide of the faid high-

Ch&p. 16.	ways or roads acrofs any lane or way leading out of the laid

road, and to build one or more toll houfe or toll houfes, and there to receive and take fuch toll as is appointed by this a& to be taken ; fo as the lame does not extend to a double charge in cafe of paffing through any other of the turnpikes to be cre&ed by virtue of this a &, between the laid towns of Monefterevan and the bridge on or near the lands of Litter, over a river which divides the Queen’s county from the King’s county, and from thence between the (aid town of Lahmch in the laid county of Tipperary* in their refpe&ive divifions, as herein after is mentioned. Separate	V. And be it alfo ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

turnpikes.	That the road leading from the faid town of Monefter-

evan to the faid bridge near the faid lands of Litter, may be ere&ed into a feparate and diftin& turnpike; and that a toll may be collected and received on that part of the faid road feparate and diftin& from the toll to be colle&ed and received on the other part of tho laid road, which leads from the laid bridge near Litter to the laid town of Lahinch; and that from the faid bridge near Litter to the (aid town pf Lahinch, may be ere&ed into another feparate and dif-tin& turnpike; fo as that a toll may be colle&ed and received pn that part of the faid road feparate and diftin& from the toll to be colle&ed or received on the other part of the laid road, which leads from the laid town of Monefterevan to the faid bridge near Litter,

Appoint	VJ, And be it alio ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

tocetvers and That the laid truftees, or any feven or more of them, at their vunreyox*, ffrft meeting, or any fucceeding meeting, by writing under their bands and feals (hall and may ele&, nominate, and ap~ point, one or more fit perfon or petfons to be receiver or receivers, colle&or or colle&ors, for fuch money, in the ' name of fuch tolls or duties, as (hall be due and payable by virtue of this a&, and alfo one or more fit perfon or perfons to be furyeyor or furveyors to fee the condition of the faid highways or roads, and to fee the fame be repaired and amended, and that the money arifipg and expended by virtue of this a&, be duly applied, and from time to time to remove fuch colle&ors, receivers, and furveyors, or any or either of them, as they lhall fee occafion, and appoint new ones in cafe of death or of fuch removal; and fuch perfon or perfons, V i» or are by this a& liable to pay the faid tolls or duties* ip and are hereby required to pay the fame after the rates pforefaid, to the faid receiver or receivers, colle&or or collectors, of the faid tolls and duties in that behalf, from time tp time appointed as aforclaid 5 and the perfons So appointed

'■ ‘	-	-	w

Digitized by )OQle

9hi Jifib Ytmr *f George III. a aforrfaid for receiving the (aid tolls and duties, and aD inch furveyor and furveyort as aforefaid, (hall upon oath, if thereunto required by the (aid trudees, or any (even or more of them, or before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace redding near the faid highway or road aforefaid, which oath faid trudees, or any feven or more of them, or fuch juftice or juftices, is and are hereby impowered and required to adminiAer, on the fird Thurfday in every month, if there-uato required, during the continuance of this ad, give in a true and perfect account in writing under their refpedive hands of all monies, which he and they, and every or any of them, (hall to fuch time have received, paid and difburfed by virtue of this ad by reafon of their refpedive offices, for which oath no fee or reward (hall be taken; and in cafe any money fo received (hall remain in their or any of their hands, the fame (hall be paid to the faid trudees, or any feven or more of them, or to fuch perfon or perfons as the (aid trudees, or any feven or more of them, (hall by any writing or writings under their hands and feals authorize and impower to receive the fame, which (hall be dilburfed in. amending the (aid highways or roads, according to the true, intent and meaning of this ad, and not otherwife; and that the (aid trudees, or any feven or more of them, to whom (uch account (hall be given, (hall and may out of the money arifiog by the faid tolls and duties, make fuch allowance to the dud receiver or receivers, colledor or collcdort, and the furveyor or furveyors, for and in confideration of his and their care and pains refpedively taken in the execution of his and their office and offices, and to fuch other perfon or perfons who have been or (hall be affiding in and about procuring the laid highways and roads to be amended and repaired by advancing and laying out any moneys or otherwife relating thereto, as to them (nail feem good: fo as fuch al- allowance to lowance or allowances to fuch colledor or colledort do not collector* annually exceed in the whole the fura of forty five pounds yearly, fterling, and to fuch furveyor or furveyors the fum of two to furveyort (hillings and fix pence per dkm> during fuch time or times as at. and 6d a he or they (hall refpedively be employed in the repair of ^7 em* the (aid roads, and fo as fuch allowance or allowances to any other* not ahova other perfon or perfons, who (hall be employed by virtue of 15I. yearly each, this aft, do not exceed the fum of fifteen pounds yearly to each perfon; and in cafe the faid receiver or receivers, collector or ledors of the aforefaid tolls or duties, or any of them,

(ball not make fuch account and paymeut unto (uch perfon or perfons according to the orders or diredions of fuch truftees, or any feven or more pf them as aforefaid, that then the (aid juilices of the peace at any fpecial Seffions or meeting of them to be holdea for.the county, in which the faid

receiver

Digitized by L^ooQle

Materials r&ifed in neigh-bouring oom-tnon without mying M hetein.

The fifth Tear of George III. receiver vt receivers, collector or cofleftora, “have a&ed, or been employed, made fuch default as aforefaid, /hall and arc hereby required and impowered to make enquiry, and finally to determine of and concerning fuch default, as wdl by confeffion or examination upon oath of the faid parties themfelves, as by the teftimony of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles upon oath, which oath they are hereby impowered and required to administer without fee or reward; and if any perfon or perfons (hall be convicted thereof by fuch juftices, the faid juftices fcall qpon fuch conviction commit the party or parties to the common gaol of the county, where fuch offence (hall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he or they fhall have made a true and perfect account and payment as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it alfo enafted fey the authority afore-’ (aid, That it ihafl and may be lawful to and for the faid furveyor or furveyors, and fuch perfon or perfons as he or they fhaU appoint, to dig, raife, gather, take, and carry away any gravel, furze, fand, ftones, or other materials, out of any warifte or common of any parifh, town, village, or Hamlet, in or near which any ruinous place of the faid high roads do lie; and for want of fufficient gravel, furze, fand, (tones, or other materials there, to dig, gather, raife, take, and carry away the feme out of the wafte or common of any neighbouring parifli, town, village or hamlet without paying any thing for the fame ; and where there is not fufficient of'fuch materials in any commons or wafte grounds near adjoining, it (hall and may be lawful for them by order of the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, to dig, raife, and gather the feme in the feveral grounds of any perfon or perfons, not being a garden, orchard, yard, or meadow, planted wafk or walks, or avenues to a houfe, where any fuch materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry away fuch or fo much thereof, as the faid furveyor or furveyors in their refpeftive places fhall adjudge neceffary for the repairing and amending the faid highways or roads, paying fuch rate for fuch materials, and fqr the damage to the owner or occupier of the ground from whence the fame fhall be digged, railed, gathered, and carried away, las the truftees appointed, or to be appointed to put this aft in execution, or any feven or more of them mail judge reafon-able 5 and in cafe any difference between fuch owner or occupier and the faid truftees, touching the value of the materials and damage aforefaid fhall arifet in every fuch cafe, the feid truftees, or any feven or more of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to iffue forth their warrant or warrants to the fherdf or (heriffs of the county,“ “wherein fuch

materials

Digitized by

Google



9 trtiflce* mif

'pe jfib Tear ^George lit. feiteriab (baft be digged, raifed, or gathered, to impanel return before the laid truftees, or any feven or more of tfem, at fuch time and place within the faid county, a#

&a0 be appointed in fuch warrant or warrantee a fefficient Jury, who upon their oaths, which faid oaths the laid truf-m, or any feren ot more of them* are hereby impowered vA required to adminifter, fhall enquire into the real damages fuftained on that account, and (hall adjudge, affefs* sod finally determine the fame.

VIII.	And whereas the faid highway or road leading from flft faid town of Moneftcrevan to the faid town of rortar-liagton, and from thence to the faid towns of Mountmel-Eck, Rofenallis, Birr, and Lahinch, dn account of the ma-ifj windings and turnings thereof, and the ft cep hills over idiich the fame pafles, ai the fame now runs from one town to the other* may be confidently (hortened, ami made much Shore convenient for travellers, if the fame was carried in a fciight arid direct line, where the fame is now crooked, bom the faid town of Moneftetevan to the faid town of Por-tarEngton* and from thence to Mountmellick through Ro-

IcBaOis and Birr to the faid town of Lahinch: wherefore, ________________^

sod that all juft and reafonaUe fati$fa6tion may be given for carry in »iiio£t the land rriade ufe of in carrying the faid road ftraight as lmc*» jfforefaid, be it alfo enafled by the authority aforef&id, That gar CD,# **

Jt (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid trultees, or any nine or more of them* to afeertain, deferibe, and fet apart fuch part and proportion of the land adjoining or bntigiious to the faid highway or road, as they the faid triiftert, or any nine or more of them, (hall judge neceflary for carrying the laid road from the faid town of Moneftcrcvail to the faid town of Bortariington, and from thence to Mount-meliick aforefaid, and from thence to Rofenallis. and from thence to Birr, and from thence to Lahinch aforefaid, in a ftraight line as aforefaid, provided that rio part of the faid lands & to be fet aprirt be built on, and that the fame be not part of wy garden* orchard, yard, planted walk, or avenue to a houfc* or of a park or paddock fpr deer; and that the laid truftees, of any twelve or more of them, are hereby authomed and jmpowered to treat and agree with the owners and others intfrefted in the (aid ground to be made ufe of in carrying the (aid road from the faid town of Moneftcrevan to Por-taHington, and fyom thence to Mountmellick aforefaid, and bom thence to Rofenallis and to Birr, and from thence to Lahinch aforefaid, in ilraight and dirc& lines as aforefaid* tor fuch recorppence and fatisfa&ion to be made for the fame bat of the tolls and duties arifing by virtue of this aft, as the hid trufleea, or any twelve or more of them, (hall think fit ynd reafonable: and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall re-fufeto treat or agree aft aforefaid,' or through any difabllity by*

nonage,

Digitized by LjOOQle

Aavoranets

ftmoved.

7 bt fftb Year of George HI. nonige, coverture, or fpecial limitation in any fettlcment of fettlements, or by reafon of any other impediment, canoof or otherwise howioever (hall refiife to difpofe of their re$c$-tive intereft in fuch lands, as the faid truftees, or any foove or more of them, {hall think convenient for making the Gad road as aforefaid, in every fuch cafe the (aid truftees*, or any twelve or more of them, are hereby authorized and nnpowered to iffue forth their warrant or Warrants to the fheriff or fheriffs for the county, wherein fuch ground doth lie, to impanel and return before the faid truftees, or aay twelve or more of them, at fuch time and place within the faid county as (hall be appointed in fuch warrant or warrants,ra fufficient jury, who upon their oaths, which faid oaths the faid truftees, or any twelve or more of them, are hereby iirtpowered and required to admin iff er, /hall enquire into the true and real value of fuch ground, to be made ofc of for the faid highway or road; and fuch verdi&s and inquf-fitions, as (hall be fo found and returned by the faid jury, as contained the value of fuch ground, (hall be final andcon-clufive, as well to the faid truflees, as to the feverai and re-fpcCtive owners and proprietors of fuch ground, notwithstanding any fuch disability or incapacity whatfoerer.

IX.	And be it alfo ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid fur-veyor and furyeyors, and fuch perfon or perfons as he or they (hall appoint, from time to time to remove and prevent annoyances on any part of the faid highways or roads, hereby intended to be repaired, by removing any dung, filth* arnes, rubbifh, water-conrfes, finks, or drains running unto the faid highway® or roads, and by cleanfing any ditch or water-courfe adjoining to the faid road, or by cutting down, lopping, or topping any trees or bufhes growing m the faid highways, or in the hedges or banks adjacent to the faid highways, and to take and carry away the fame, the owners or occupiers refufing to cut down fuch trees or bufhes, or to remove fuch other annoyances, for the fpace of eight days after notice given in writing for that purpofe under the hands of feven of the faid truftees, the charges thereof fhall be reimburfed the faid furveyor or furveyors by fuch owners or occupiers negle&ing to cut down the laid trees or bufhes, or remove fuch other annoyances as aforefaidand if after removal of any fuch annoyances any perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof convicted upon oath before one or more ju flice» of the peace for the faid counts* where fuch offence fhall be committed, fhall for every fuen offence forfeit and pay unto the faid truftees the fum often (hillings, to be levied in manner aforefaid; and if any owners or occupiers of any water-courfes, ditch, or ditches, adjoining to the faid high way* or road* fhall ncglcd to fcour

§r

Digitized by

Google

Tbi fftb Yi*r ef George III. or ckanfc fuch water-courfcs, and to make fuch ditches b detp and in fuch manner, as the furvcyor or funreyors (hall adjudge proper and convenient, after eight days notice (hall he given for that purpofe by fuch furvcyor or furvcyors to he appointed, or fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be appointed hy him or them, to fuch owner or owners, it (hall and may he lawful to and for the furvcyor or funreyors to fet any man or men to- work to fcour, or cleanfe, or make the fame, and by warrant from any feren or more of the (aid truftecs to levy the charges thereof upon the pei Sons, goods, or ef-tates of the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers of fuch water-courfes, ditch or ditches, by diftrefs and fale of his, her, sad their goods and chattels, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the faid owner or occupier, after all charges paid.

X.	And forafmuch as the money, fo to be colic ft ed by Ac receipt of the faid tolls, will not be fufficient for the

af (hortening and repairing of the (aid ways or roads: ore be it further crafted by the authority aforefaid, That the bid truilces, or any fifteen or more of them, (hall, and may, snd are hereby impowered, at any meeting or board, and not otherwife, from time to time during the continuance of this aft to make warrants or orders in writing under tlieir hands, direfted to the treafurer or receiver of the faid tolls, thereby requiring him to pay the perfon named in fuch warrant or order, his or their executors, adminiftrators, or af-figns, the growing intereft of the fum of money mentioned in fuch warrant or order at the rate of fix pounds by the hundred by the year, or lefs, if the fame can be fo had, as the lame (hall become due, until fuch time as the principal fum mentioned in fuch warrants or order (hall be paid off and difeharged in one intire payment*

XI.	Provided that no warrant or order, to be iffued to the faid treafurer or receiver by virtue of this aft, (hajl be for ary greater fum than the principal fum of fifty pounds.

XII.	And be it alfo enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon or perfons, to whom fuch warrant or order (hall be given, his or their executors or adminiflra-tors, may by indorsements of fuch warrants or order* transfer the right and benefit of the fums mentioned therein; which indorfements upon notice to the treafurer or re-leiver of the (aid tolls, and entry or memorial thereof made in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, which the (aid treafurer or receiver (hall upon requeft without charge,

| fee, or reward, make accordingly, and (hall upon the requeft i	of any perfon or perfons permit the fame to be viewed at

[	ttafonablc hours without fee or reward, fnall intitle the in-

! dorfee or alfignec his or her executors, adminiftrators, or af-| figns, to the foie benefit of the fum fo transferred or afligned ; and the (aid warrant or order may in like manner be alfigned 4 -	and

15 tmftees at a board may iflue 01 dm to pay intereft cm#.

Not show

5oL

Transfers-* blc by indorfo-meat on notice, sod entered.

*8i	9 It ffib Tiur tf Geofge tit.

A. D. thd transferred by foch affigtfCe, Ms or bfrfctCCutofs of1 a& 176^.	miniftrators, and fo from time to time j and that after fuck j

Chap. 26.	affigmnent it (hall not be ift the potter of the perfdn or pav

V^y^sJ font, who made fuch dfignment or indorfettiertt# to iftalfc -I Void, releafe, or difcharge the laid alignment, Of the fdtfk thereby transferred, of dfigfred of Sfity part thereof. .	*

Orders	XIII.	And be it alfo etfa&ed by the authority afofe&& I

numbered. That the refpeftive treaforer or ifcceiver of the faid tow fhafi arithmetically number all the Warrants and orders* ' which (hall be given or delivered out in ptfrfiiance m-\ ■ this aft, as they fhall be delivered out, commencing:i with number one, and fo continuing the numbers till the j whole be arithmetically numbered.	■	i

Tolls applied XIV. And be it alfo enafted by the authority afdre-, 3 to Intereft of	laid, That the feveral and refpeftive tolls and duties, hfcrebr ]

loans not above made payable for the turnpikes fo bejefefted at aforefaid, fhafl i “	be applied and paid to the difchargC of the intereft of fodl 1

fum and fonts of money, as fhall be hereafter borrowed fd$ ij the ufe of the faid toad, not exceeding in the whole 4 fem of fix thonland pounds; and that aft the furpltfs of { find tolls and duties hereby made payable, over arid.abovi 1 what (hall be fofficient to difcbarge the faid intereft, and the | feveral falaries payable purfuant to this aft, and repair % the faid road, and keep the fame ih good order from time | to time, (hall be applied refpeftitely towards the dif- -j, charge of fuch principal fom as fhkll hereafter be borrowed f as aforefaid, in manner hereafter mentioned (that is to fay I j that when and as often as fuch furpliis received by the faid 1 treaforer or receiver (hall amount to the fuiA of one him- i dred pounds, then the faid treaforer or receiver (hall caufe % the numbers of all the warrants or Orders, which (hall be re- I fpeftively iffoed or delivered out in purfoance of this aft,-and the fum therein contained, to be written on feveral [ tickets or pieces of parchment; and fo be rafted attd feaTed up, and put into a box or urn, and Weft mixed together, and v an indifferent perfott (hall publlckly between the Hours of i, ten and twelve in the forenoon of a day, to be by the trea- f forer or receiver publickly advertifcd in the Dublin 6a- | arette or fome other publick paper for that purpofe at lead twenty days before, at the Tholfel of the city of Dublin, -draw out of fuch bo* or urn as many of the faid tickets or ' pieces of parchment, as the fom therein contained (Hall ; amount to the faid fom of ode hundred pounds; a'nd thl perfon or perfons, the number of tthofe Warrants or orders fhall be fo drawn, his or their executors, adihiniftrators, or afligns, fhall, within twenty days after the laid warrants of orders fhall be drawn, be paid by the faid treaforer or receiver the principal fom to him Or thdift refpeftively due witfi the intereft for the fame till paid, and fttiXL Upon paymenf

thereof

Digitized by

Google

fifth Ttar if George III.	t?j

thereof deliver op his and their fevenl and refpeftive war- A. D. r»U or orders to the find treafurer or receiver to be can-	1765.

dkd, which is hereby required to be cancelled accordingly; Chap. 26. id the intereft, payable by virtue of fuch warrants or V^vvj •lien, (hall ceafe from the expiration of twenty days, to be computed from the day of drawing (aid tickets or 'pieces of parchment.

' XV. Provided always, That in cafe there (hall be more Tojj ^ tbs one gate or turnpike in, acrofs, or on the fide of the hot once, id highways or roads between the (aid town of Monefter-evta and the feud bridge over the faid river, which divides the hod Queen's county from the faid King's county, no perfon or perfons, having paid the toll or duty at the firft gtte or turnpike, through which fuch perfon or perfons (hall pah, and producing a note or ticket that the (aid toll or . frty was paid, which note or ticket the receiver or re-: cams, coue&or or colk&ors, is and are hereby to give . frail be liable to pay any toll or duty at any other of the (aid gates or turnpikes upon or on the fkle of the faid . highway or road, fuch perfon or perfons delivering the faid j note or ticket to the (aid receiver or receivers, collc&or or 1 ccBe&ors of the faid toll or duty at the latter gate or turnpike the (aid perfon (hall fo go out of; and no perfon or perlons,

*	hiving occafion to pafs to the place or places where the toll or duty is taken, and who (hall return the fame

■ fry upon or with the (aid horfe, mare, or gelding, afs, t nnle, cattle, coach, chariot, beriin, chaife, chair, calafh, j waggon, cart, carr, or other carriage, (hall be liable or 1 compellable the fame day to pay the (aid toll or duty more ; than once on the faid road between Monefterevan and the 1 hid bridge over the faid river, which divides the laid Queen’s , county from the faid King's county, and alfo to pay in

*	like manner only	between the faid bridge and Lahinch,	the

*	kmc being two	feparate and diftindt divifions of the	faid

road, out of each of which the tolls and duties aforefaid arc hereby made payable as aforefaid.

XVI.	And be it alfo ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, pfB*jty That if any perfon or perfons having paid the tolls or duties by tot. 00 prrt |	this a& granted	and made payable, and having fuch	note	and receiver

[	or ticket, notes	or tickets, as hereby dirc&ed, (hall	give	^ Vf**	to

or difpofe of the fame to any perfon or perfons in order to l?#l to a*oid the payment of the faid toll or duty, every fuch per-fos giving, difpofiag, or offering, and the perfon receivi ng fuch note or ticket, notes or tickets, and being thereof convi&ed upon oath before the faid truflees, or any feven or more of them, or before any one or more juftice or juiltcea of the peace for the counter wherein fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, which oath the faid truflees and the (aid juftice or ju&ice* are hereby impowered to adminifter, (hall fcfpe&ivdy forfeit and pay the fum of ten (hillings, to be

levied,

Digitized by (^.ooQle

for toil.

Exempt from toll.

The fifth Temr *f Getrg* 11 Tv levied, reeoverd, and difpofed of, as any other penalty or forfeiture is direfted to be levied, recovered, or difpofed of by this a61.

XVII.	And be it alfo enafted by the authority aforefaid, Compofition That the faid tru flees or any feven or more of them may

and are hereby impowered from time to time, as they (haft fee convenient and think fit, to compound and agree by the j year or otherwife with any of the inhabitants of any of the towns, through which the faid road runs, or of the vicinity thereof, to travel through the turnpike or turnpikes, to be, erefted in purfuance of this aft, with any milch cows, horfe, mare, or gelding, afs or mule, or with any coach, berlin, calafii, chaife, chair, waggon, cart, carr, or other carriage, for any fum or fums of money, to be paid quarterly after the faid agreement fhall be made.

XVIII.	Provided that no perfoa fhall be charged with any of the faid tolls or duties, who fhall cany ftones, gravel, or other materials for repairing the faid roads, or com in the draw, plows, harrows, or other implements of husbandry in order to the ufing and repairing of the fame in the feveral parishes in which faid highways or roads hereby intended to be repaired, do lie; nor fhall any tdll or duty be demanded or taken at any of the turnpikes to be erefted far any horfe, mare, or gelding, afs, or mule, or other cattlf going to water; or for any pod horfe carrying the mail or packet; or for the horfes of foldiers that are on their march; or for waggons, carts, carrs, or other carriages attending them; or travelling with vagrants fent by pafles, or with prifoners tranfmitted from one part of the kingdom to another.

XIX.	And be it alfo enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the tolls and duties hereby granted fhall take place and have continuance only from and <dter the firft day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-fix, and for and during the term of fixty one years.

...............  XX.	Provided	always,	That	if	at	any	time	before	the

road by truftees faid expiration of the faid term of fixty one years ail adjudged re- parts of the faid road fhall be fufficiently amended and re-jaiw^uidloanipaj|rej, and fo adjudged by the majority of the truflees,

P	appointed	or	hereafter	to	be	chofen	by	virtue of this ad,

by an adjudication under their hands and feals, that then from ana after fuch adjudication made, and repayment of the money as fhall have been advanced or borrowed, with interefl for the fame, and the cofts and charges thereof, the (aid tolls and duties fhall ceafe and determine, any thing contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

New truflees XXI. And be it alfo further enafted by the authority elected living in aforefaid, That for the continuing of a fufficient number faid	ef fit and able perfoa* to be truitces for putting in exe-

cution

Continued 61 years from X June 1766.

Unlefs the

Digitized by LjOOQle

15 may <le-

The fifth Tear sf George TIL tnrion al! and every the power# in this aft contained* for and during the continuance thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid trufteca, or any feven or more of them, upon the death of any of the faid truflees, removal, of Ttfofmg to aft fin the faid trull, by any writing or writings under their hands and feals from time to time and it all times hereafter during the term aforefaid, to eleft, nominate, and appoint in the room of fuch ‘truftee or truf-tce* fo deceafed, removed, or refufing to aft, fo many more fit and able perfon or perfons, living in the faid counlies of Kildare, Queen’s county, King’s county, or county of Tipperary, to be joined with the faid truftee* in the execution of all and every the power and powers in them repofed by virtue of this aft; and all and every perfon or perfons fo to be chofcn truftee or truftces to join in putting this aA in execution, as they are herein before qualified to do, lhall and may, and are hereby impowered to aft to iH intents and purposes in as full, large, and ample manner,

«s the laid truftces are by this aft impowered to do, and fo

, torier qmties as often as occafion (hall be or reauire.

XXII.	And be it alfo enafted by the authority afore- ^_______ _____

hid, That the faid truflees, or any fifteen or more of them, mife not above Dull and may, and are hereby impowered, from time to 3 years-time by any agreement or agreements, leafe or leafes, demife or demifes in writing, to be refpeftivcly executed by the faid rrfpc&ive truftecs or any fifteen or more of them refpeftivcly under their hands and feals, to demife or leafe, fet or let,

■ |D or any part of the faid refpeftivc tolls and turnpikes to fuch perfon or perfons, as they lhall refpeftivcly think fit, for fuch time and terra not exceeding three years, and for foeh rents and. yearly income, as they (hall refpeftively think fit; and that *11 and every fuch rent and yearly income lhall be applied, as herein before is directed and appointed, in making and repairing the faid refpeftive roads, and in keeping the fame in good repair from time to time, and in dif-charge of fuch principal fum of money and interefl as (hall here* after become due by virtue of this aft ; and alfo that it (hall and may- be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons, who (hall take any leafe or leafes, demife or demites, of all or any part of the faid refpeftivc tolls and turnpikes, to take and receive to their own proper ufe and behoof the tolls and profits, which (hall arife from fuch refpeftive turnpikes, as they lhall refpeftively fo take, they paying the faid re-fpedive yearly income to the laid refpeftive truftces according to their feveral agreements, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII.	And be it alfo further enafted by the authority tfordaid, That the (aid truftces, or any twenty-one or

,	    '	more

Digitized by L.ooQle

Meeting of truflecs.

For want of a number the clerk to fix 21 days notice at the gates.

No place of profit to truftce.

Apnblickadt

The fifth Year of George III. more of them, fhall meet at the Tholfel of the city Dublin on the firft Tuefday in the month of Juni the year of our Lord one thousand feven hi and fixty fix; and the faid truftees fhall then adga*| themfelves, and afterward* meet there or at any other or places near the (aid highways or roads to be n as the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them think proper or convenient, as often as it fhall be nectife for putting this aft in execution.

XXIV.	And be it alfo enaded by the authority afgn laid, That if it fhall happen, that there fhall not apM at any meeting, that fhall be appointed to be had or M by the faid truftees, a fufficient number of truftees to **fi at fuch meeting, and adjourn to any other day, then m in fuch cafe the clerk or regifter to faid truftees by note in writing, to be affixed at the refpedive gates or turnpike at leaft twenty-one days before the next meeting, fhaU> point the faid truftees to meet at the- houfe, where: meeting of the laid truftees was laft appointed to be- held or at fome other convenient houfe near the faid road.

XXV.	Provided that no perfon or perfons, appointed o to be appointed as truftees for putting this ad- in' tion, fhall have or accept of any place of profit anting of or by reafon of the toU or duty by this a£t laid granted; but fuch perfon or perfon* fhall be incapable from the time of accepting and continuing to enjoy fuch p]ac$ of profit of ading as a truftee.

XXVI.	And be it alfo further enaded by the- authority aforefaid, That this ad fhall be deemed, adjudged, m taken to be a publick ad, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfon* wliatfoe ver without fpeoaUy pleading the fame,

CHAP, XXVII.

An A3 for the more effectual keeping in Repair the Road Ieoh tng from the Bridge of Dundalk in the County of Lowth through the Lands of Fork 'd to the Bridge of Mowhati, and from thence to the Neeury Turnpike Road near1 the Bight Mile Stone in the County of Armagh•

WHEREAS the highway or road leading from the bridge of Dundalk in the county of Lowth through the lands of Forkil to the new bridge of Mowhao, and from thence to the Ncwry turnpike road near the eight mile ftone in the county of Armagh, being found of genet ml utily and advantage to travellers going through and from the northern parts of this kingdom, and of late very greatly frequented, and by reafon of the great ex.

pence,

Digitized by L^ooQle

fifth */«r *f Caofgc IQ, already attended the hying out and new miking the greater part of the (aid road, the fame cannot W the ordinary pourfe appointed by the law* and ftatutes this reajtai be cffiqdaaUy amended and kept in good and fid|(»rnt repair; wherefore, and tp the* intent that the ^highway and road be hereafter kept in good and fufli-exat repair, be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent ^ by and with the advice and confent of the lord* itual and temporal aqd commons in this prefent parlia-alfembled* and by the authority of the fame, That. 1 and may be lawful to and for his grace the lord t| the rig*11 honoqrable James earl of Clanbraifil, the : honourable James earl of Charlemoat, Sir Archibald, and Sir Caple Molyneaux baronets,. Wiliam, Uow, Arthur Achefon, Arthur Cope, and Richard i efqujres, the reverend doctor Waller Cope, the re-»

[ dpCtor Beniaipip Barrington, Robert Sihthorp, W3-bon tofter^ and John Gpdley efquires, the reverend doftoc WiQiam, Qodley, and thet reverend do&or Hugh Hamilton* ^ reverend doctor Francis I^anuJton, the revered Thomas. Wplfey, John Rage qfquirc, Michael Obins, William, Hacker, John Moore, Henry Richardfon, Roger Hall* Maxwcl} Qlpfe, ]$dward Qbre, Arthur Graham, Ro^ pert Scot efauire, Robert Carlifle efquire, Samuel Me Gmngh, W3ham Qghi Benjamin Thompfon, gentlemen* Thomas Ball, Richaijri. Johnfpn, Thomas Tipping, and Nicholas. Tohnftoq, Francis Obre, Edward Tipping, Meredith Workman, James Befl, MalcumMc Neale, and Henry Clarke efquires, together with the two knights of the (hire for the county of Lpwth, the two members for the borough of Dundalk and the bailiff of Qupdalk for the time being, gnd the furviyqr and fprvivoi* of them, (hall be and are hereby nominated and appointed, trufteea of the faid road y *od they or any five or more qf them or fuch perfon or per-jjons as they of any fiyc Qr more of them (hall aulhorize and appoint, may erq& or caufe to be crefted one or more gate or gates, turnpike pr turnp^es, upon, or aerofs, or, ca the fide of any gait or parts of the faid highway or tjad, faye and except within one mile and an half from the £yd town of Dundalk and. the town of ForkhW refpe&ively,, and alfo pne or more toll hopfc or toll houfes, and there (hall demand, rcpeiye, and take the tolls and duties following, before any horfe, h?ve,. gelding, afc, or mule, cattle, ooach, berlin, chariot, calaftb chaife, chair, waggon, wain, cart, carr, or other carriage (hall he permitted to pafs through the fame, viz* fpr every coach, berlin, chariot, ca-h.lh, qhaifq, or chair, drawn by fix horfes, geldings, mares, or. ipoles, or hy more than fix, the fum of two {ffiags and fix pence; apd for. every coach, berlin, chariot, <*1$, chfdfe pi; ch*ir, dawn by four, hprfes, geldings,

mares.

Tnrifceea

tumpiVes may be ere&ed, &c.

tolls and duties payable as herein.

Digitized by

Google

The fifth Tear of George III* mares, or mules, the fum of one (hilling and fix pence; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife or chairr drawn by two horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, the fum one (hilling ; and for every waggon, wain, cart, or c&xrf* age, with four wheels, the breadth thereof being nine incites' at the foie, and the (freaks thereof fet on with flat or rbfif headed nails, drawn by three or more horfes, the fum o£ fix pence ; and for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with two wheels, the breadth thereof being nine inches aj“ the foie, and the ftreaks thereof fet on with flat or rb^ headed nails, drawn by two or more horfes, geldings, marCif afles or mules, the fum of three pence; for every wain, or cart with four wheels, narrower than nine inche^* the fum of ten (hillings; for every waggon, or wain witJb* two wheels, narrower than fix inches, having two or xnpii^r horfes, the fum of five (hillings ; for every waggon, waraf or cart with two wheels, drawn by two or more horfes, mares, geldings, afles, or mules, the breadth of the whe^f being fix inches at the foie, and the ftreaks thereof fet with flat or rofc headed nails, the fum of four pence ; fet every carr or cart having but one horfe, mare, or gelding^ the breadth of the wheels thereof being three inches at the fide, and the ftreaks thereof fti on with flat or tofe headed nails, the fum of three half pence ; for every carr, or Cart with wheels narrower than three inches, the fum of owe (hilling, at each and every turnpike gate on the (aid road f and for every carriage commonly called a chair or chaife, drawn by one horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, the fum uf fix pence ; and for every horfe, marc, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the fum of one penny; and for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the^ fum of twenty pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater 01 lefler number; and for every drove of calves,* bogs, (heep, or lambs, the fum of ten pence by the fcore^ and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer number ; and for every carriage, whereon (hall be carried or borne any^ millftone or miliftones, two (hillings and fix pence ; and for every horfe, mare, gelding, or other cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, chair, waggon, wain, cart, carr, oV, other carriage travelling on Sunday from/fun rife to fbnfet, double the aforefaid tolls, fo to be'paid by them on other days ; which faid refpe&ive fum and turns of money (hall be demanded and taken in the name of or as a toll or tolls; and the money thereby to be raifed anft colle&ed is and (hall be vefted in the faid truflees, and the faid tolls, and every' part thereof, (hall be applied and difpofed of and affigned to and for the feveral uies, intents^’ and purpofes, and in fnch manner, as herein after is' mentioned and declared; and they the faid truftees, or auy'^ve or more of them, are hereby impowered by themfelves, of any perfon or perfons

"	'	‘	‘	b7

ftfll carriages

flt ffih Yt& rf George nr. by them of airy five or mtfre of them thereunto authorised, to levy the tolfe by this ad bid Upion any fttch perfon or perfons, the ihttfl after demand thereof made, negitft or refufe to Jay the fame as aforefaid, by diftre!s of any borfe, gelding, ttofe,v mde, or other cattle of goods, upon which foch tofis are by this aft impofed, or upon any other of the gdods and chatties of fuch perfon or peffons, who ought to pay the fame, and may detain and keep the fame, until ben tolls with thfc reasonable charges of fuch detain*

Mg and keeping (hall he paid \ and it (hall and may bt lawful to and For fuch perfon and perfons to didraining, aft#r "be (pice of four days after fuch diftrefs made and taken, tofeH the (aid cattle or goods fo diftrained and taken, retaining the overplus, tf any there be, upon demand to the owner or owners thereof, after fuch tolls and reafonable Purges for dift-aining, keeping, and felling the fame, (baM be deducted and paid.

II; Prorrd -d that no fifh carriage, which (haO have two ________________ _

brmore wheels, and (hall be employed only in carrying of fifh a wheeled free, from any fea port, Avail be liable to pay any of the tolls impofed by tit is aft ; but all fuch carriages (hall and may pus toll free on all parts of the faid road.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Order* for That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid truftett, or paying inured, any five or more of them, from time to time, during the

continuance of this prefent aft to muke oilt orders in writhing trader their hands, direfted to the treafurer or receiver of the bid tolls, thereby requiring him to pay thereout to the perfon or perfons named in any debenture or warrant hereafter to be made out, their executors, adminiftrators, and alfigntt the growing intereft of the faid fum of money mentioned in fuch debenture or warrant, as the fame (hall from time to time become due, until fuch time as the principal fum mentioned in fuch debenture or warrant (haU be paid off and difeharged at one intire payment.

IV.	Provided that no debenture or warrant, to be ifliied j^ot by virtue of this aft, (hall be for any greater fum than the jol. principal fum of fifty pounds.

V.	Be it further enafted by the authority aforc&id, That Transferable all and every perfon or perfons, to whom fuch debentures indortemem. or warrants (hall be given, his, her, or their executors of admrnHlrators, may by indorsements on fuch debentures or

warrants transfer the right and benefit of the fum mentioned in fuch debentures or warrants; which indorsements upon notice to the treafurer or receiver of the faid tolls, and an entry or memorial thereof made in a book to be kept for that purpofe, which entry or memorial the faid treafurer or receiver (hril upon requeft without charge,, fee, or reward make accordingly, and (hall on the like requeft permit to be Vol. V.	T	viewed

Digitized by kjOOQle

1

cigo	/	\Tbe	fifth	Year	$f	George	III.

A* D-	viewed at all reasonable hours without fee or reward, fhal

1765*	intitje the indoifee or aflignee, his, her, and their executory

Chap* 27. admihiftrators, or afligns, to the foie benefit of the fun ib transferred or affigned 5 and that the faid debenture or warrants may in like manner be afligned or transferred by filch aflignee, his, her, or their executors, or adminiflrators, ml fo toties quoties; and that after fuch alignment it (hall not be in the power of .the 'perfon or perfons, who made fuck aflignment, to make Void, releafe, or difeharge the faidaf* fignment, or the fumthereby transferred or affigned, or any part thereof.

_ «	VI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afqre*

numbered?**1	That	the treafurer or receiver of the faid tolls fitw

Arithmetically number all the debentures or warrants, which „	(hall be iffued in purfuance of this a&, commencing by

number one, and fo continuing the numbers till the whole be arithmetically numbered.

Tolls after VII, And be it furtherena&ed by the authority afore* cxpencts and	That	the feveral tolls and duties hereby made payable

^repair*^ ” after t^ie payment of the cofts and expence attend* ing the puffing of this adt, and collecting the faid tolls, and discharging the intereft arifing on the feveral debentures or Warrants, be expended in repairing all fuch parts of the fin! road, as hath lately been new made, and which (hall hereafter be new made thereon, and to no other ufe or pmpofe whatfoever, except a9 hereafter to be mentioned.

Permitting VIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever, owning, party.	renting,	or occupying any land near unto any turnpike,

hereafter to be erefted in purfuance of this a<ft, (hall for any gain, reward, or otherwife willingly permit any perfon or perfons whatfoever to pafs through any gate, paflage, or way with any coach, berlin, chariot, calafti, chaife or chair, wain, cart, carriage, or riding or driving any horfe, afs, mule, or any fort of cattle, to ayoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and be thereof convifted upon oath before the (aid truftees, or any five or more of them, or before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county wherein fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, who are hereby impowered and required to admi-niftcr fuch oath, every perfon permitting fuch evafion, and alfo every perfon making ufe thereof, (hall each of them forfeit and pay to the truftees, authorized to put this aft in execution, the fum of ten (hillings, to be levied by difbefc and fale of the offenders goods by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice or juftices, or under the hands and feals of the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner, the charges

in I

*

Digitized by v^ooQle

Side gate*.

Thefifth Year of George lit, is taking and difpofing of the faid gooda being firft deified.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-hid, That it ihall and may be lawful to and for the faid fcvftees or any five or more of them to ere& one or more nte or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, bar or bars, toll loaii^ or toll houles, on the fide of the fetid highways or roads acrofs any lane or way leading from or out of the laid road, and there to receive and take fuch toll, as Sail be appointed by the faid truftees, or any five or more of them; fo that faid toll docs not exceed one , Wf of the tolls to be paid at any of the turnpikes to bfc tiled acrofs faid road, and that the faid tolls be alfo applied ; • aforefaid.

Xi Arid be it fdrther enacted by the authority afore- Tfi spirit I j hid, That the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, treafurer it their firft meeting or any fucceeding meeting by writ- c°% {j*	*

kg under their hands and feals (hall and may eleft, riomi-or appoint one treafurer or receiver for the time being f with a colleftor dt colleftors of fuch money at one dr more

fibre or gates, as (hall be due and payable by virtue of and tile laid truftees or any five dr more of them kn, as they may fee occafion, appoint a new treafurer, toBe&or or colleftors; and fuch peiion or perfons* as is or • ire by this aft liable td pay the faid toll or duties, is and areheteby required to pay the lame after the rates aforc-f hid to the laid treafurer, cplleftdr, or collectors of the faid bQ or duties in that behalf from finte to time appointed as iforefaid; and the perfon or perfons fo appointed as afore-hid {ball upon oath, if thereto required by the faid truftees hr any five or more of them, which oath the faid trufteei tor any five or more of them are hereby impowered to ad-Ininifter, as often as occafion may require during the continuance of this aft give in a true, exaft, and perfect account in writing' undo* their refpeftive hands of all monies^ which he and they, and every or any of them, fhall to fuclt Hme have received, paid, and difburfed by virtue of this aft by reafon of their refpeftive offices, for which oatth no fee Or reward, (hall be taken: and in cafe any money to received fhaH remain in their or any of their hands, the fame ihafi be paid over fo the faid truftees, or any five Or more tof them, or to fuch perfon or pefqus as the faid truftees, or iny five or more of them, as they are hereby qualified to tft, (hall by any writing or writings under their hands and fcals authorise and iaipower to receive the fame : and the faid tndtaei or any five or moire of them, tp whom fuck account kn be delivered, (hall and may oUt of the riioncy arifing by the (aid tolls or duties make fuch allowances unto the Ud treafurer, collector, or colleftors for the time being for

T t	2nd

Digitized by

292

A.

*

D.

1765. , Chap. 27.

Security by treaiur?x.

No publick hotii’c by collector or overieer.

Materials railed in any grounds, not orchard, &c. paying owner a* by 5 truftees adjudged.

77m fifth Year of fleorge III. and in eonfideratfort of his and their care and pains reflectively taken , in the execution of his ant} their refpe&ive office and offices, and to fucli other perfon or pei*fons, who have been or fhall be afiifting in and about procuring-the repair of the faid highways and roads, as to the faid trustees or any five or more of them fhall feem good ; fo at fuch allowance or allowances to fuch treafurer or treafurers' do not exceed annually in the whole the fum of twenty pounds.

XI.	Provided always, That fuch treafurer after his appointment, and before he enters upon the duty of (aid office, fhall be obliged to give fuch fecurity for the faithful and juft difeharge of faid office, as the truftees named in this a£t, or any five or more of them, fhall think proper; and that fuch allowance or allowances to fuch collector or col* lectors do not annually exceed in the whole the fum of ten pounds for each refpeclive collector.

XII.	Provided always, That no perfon orperfons hereafter to be appointed as coHettor or colle&ors of tolls, overfeer or overfeers in repairing the faid road by virtue of this a&, fhall at any time during his or their being fo employed keep a publfck h./i fc, or vend or fell by retail any malt or fpiritu-ous liquors or liquor* of any kind.

XIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid overfeer or overfeers, and fuch perfon or perfons as he or they, or the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, fhall appoint, to dig, raife, gather, and take any gravel, fhnib-wood, furze, fund, ftones, or other materials, out of the feveral grounds of any perfon or perfons, not being orchard, or deer park, yard, planted warlk or walks, or avenue to a houfe, where any fuch materials are and may be found, and from time to time to carry away fuch and fo much thereof, as the faid overfeer or overfeers in their refpeclive places (halt judge neceffary and at all times molt convenient for the repairing and amending the faid highway or road paying fuch rate for fuch materials, and for the damage to the owner or occupier of the ground from which the fame fhall be digged, railed, gathered, and carried away, as the truftees, appointed or to be appointed to put this acl in execution, or any five or more of them fhall adjudge reafonable ; and in cafe any fuch owner or occupier of thp grounds, where fuch materials may be had, or any other perfon fhall oppofe or hinder the perfon or perfons fo as aforefaid authorised in fearching for, raifing, digging, or carrying away any gravel, fhrubwood, furze, faud, nones, or other materials, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, being thereof convi&ed upon oath before one or more juftice or juft ices of the peace for the faid county, where fuch offence fhall be committed, fhall for every fuch

offence

Digitized by t^ooQle

Announce#

The fifth Year of George III* offence forfeit the fum of twenty {hillings to be paid to the fijd truitees, and levied by diftrefs and fale of the faid offenders goods and chattels, in fuch manner as the penalties fcbtin before mentioned are appointed to be levied. r XIV. And be it further enadted by the authority afore-fcd, That it {hall and may be lawful to and for the over- removeff »ftcr fer or overfeers, and fuch perfon or perfons as he or they, brtbe faid truftee9, or any hve or more of them, (hall appoint, ^cdoifiiwncr &om time to time to remove and prevent any annoyances as herein, oft any part of the faid highways or roads, hereby intended to be repaired, by filth, dung, afhes, rubbifh, water-fcoofes, finks, or drains running into the faid highway or had, and to cleanfe ntfy ditch or wattreourfe adjoining to ' fte faid road, or to lop, or top, any trees or bufhes grow-IBg on the faid highways, or in hedges or banks adjacent to the faid highways, and to take and carry away the fame, if the owner or occupier neglects to lop fuch trees, furze, or bulhes, or to remove fuch other annoyances for the fpace of ten days after notice in writing given for that purpofe trader the hands of five or more of the faid truftecs, the Aarge whereof {hall be reimbnrfed to the laid overfeer or oveneersby fuch owners or occupiers neglecting to lop the faid trees or bufhes, or to remove Inch ether annoyances as afore-had, to be levied by warrant under the hands and feals of fire or more truftees, or any jullice of the peace fot the county where fuch offence {hail be committed; and if after removal of any fuch annoyances any perfon or perfons fhali again offend in like manner, every fuch perfon or perfons fo ' wending, and being thereof convicted upon oatli before any five or more truflees, or bcf;>re one or moie jullice or , juftices of the peace for the county wlwe filch offence {hall be committed, {hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay unto the treafurer or receiver for the time being for the purpofe of faid road the fum of ten {hillings, to be levied in manner aforefaid, over and above all charges in removing fuch an-l noyances.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Caufeways faid, That it fhalland may be lawful to and fur the faid over- arc^s made feer or overfeers by order of the faid trull res, or any five jn ground or more of them, to make or caufe to be made canfeways, contiguous, tec. and to cut and make drains through any grounds lying contiguous to the faid road, and to ere£t arches of brick, timber, or {tone thereupon ; and alfo to widen any of the narrow parts of the faid highway or roads to the breadth of forty two feet in the clear by opening, clearing, and laying into the faid highways or roads any grounds of any perfon or perfons lying contiguous to fuch highways or roads; ami alfo to caufe ditches or trenches to be made in fuch manner as fuch overfeer or overfeers by order of the faid trullees, or

any

Digitized by LrOOQle

m

Tbi fifth Yiar of George III,

A. D. any five or more of them, (hall adjudge neceflary for the iy6j« better amending and keeping the faid highways or roads fo Chap 27. good repair; and the (aid truilees or any five or more of

them are hereby further authorised to treat and agree with the owiier pr occupier of fuch ground, which (hall be fit bid in or unto the faid highways or roads, or through which any fuch drain or drains (hall be cut, or on which any fuel arch or arches (hall be made* for fuch recompence and for tisfadion to be made for the faipe, as the laid truftees any five pr more pf tfiem (hall, think fit and realonahk; and in cafe any perfon' pr perfons (hall negleft or refute tq treat or agree as aforefaid, or through any difabilily by npn, age, coi-crture, or fpecial limitation in any fettlement oi Settlements, or by reafop of any other impediment cannot, pr otherwife (hall refufe to, difpofe of their refpe&ive inter? eft in fuph land, fo to be laid into the faid highways or roads, and through which the feid new drain or drains, djtch or ditches, (hall be put or made, or on which fpeh arch arches (hall be ere&ed, pr fuch caufeways made in fuel} planner as the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall think convenient fpr the purpofc aforefaid, in every fuch cafe the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to iffue forth their win-rant or warrants to the (heriff of the epunty, wherein fuch ground doth lye, to finpanel and return before the faid truftees or any five or more pf them, at fuch times and place within the faid county as (hall be appointed by fuch warrant or warrants, provided fuch time fo not lefs thap jwenty days from the Suing fuc^ warrants,. and that notice thereof be givep to the. owner or tenants of the (aid lands, or the perfon ip poffeflion of the fame, within three days after the iffuing tne (aid warrants, a fufficient jury, who upon their oaths, which faid oaths the faid truftees or any five or more of them are hereby required and impow-pred to adminftler, (hall inquire into the true and real value of the faid ground fo to be laid into the faid highway or jroad, and through which any new drain or drains, ditch or ditches, (hall be cut or made, or on which fuch arch or arches (hall be erefted, or fuch caufeways made ; and fuch rerdids and inquifitions, as (hall be fpund and returned by the faid jury afeertaming the value of fuch ground, upon fuch value being paid to the owner of the faid lands, or, in cafe of refuting to accept of the fame, to fuph perfon or perfons as the faid truftees, or any fiye of them (hall appoint for the ufe of the owner or opeupipr of fuch lands, (hall be final and condu-five as well to the faid truftees, as to the fpveratl am.d refpec-five owners and occupiers of fuch ground, and {o ai] perfons plaiming any eftate, right, or intereft in the fame, notwithstanding fuch unwillingnefs, di (ability, and incapacity what-

foever

Digitized by

The fifth Tear of George III.	295

fcever in the owners or perfons interfiled in the faid grounds $' A. D. tad if any owner, occupier of any water courfes, ditch or 1765, ditches, adjoining to the laid highways or roads, (hall ne- Chap. 27. jfcd or refufe to fcour or cleanle fuch watercourses, or to	+/

iwdte fuch ditch or ditches fo deep, or in fuch manner, at the overfeer or overfeers (hall judge proper and convenient, after ten days notice (hall be given for that purpofe by fuch overfeer or overfeers, appointed by five or more truftees, to inch owner or occupier, it (hall and may be lawful to and for Inch overfeer or overleers to fet any man or men to fcour, and cleanle, and make the lame, and by warrant from any five or more of the faid truftees to levy the charge thereof upon the perfons, goods, or eftate of the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of fuch watercourfe, ditch, or ditches, * except through turf bogs, by diftreffes and fale of his, her, or their goods and chattels, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner or occupier after all charges paid.

XV.	Provided always, and it is the intent and meaning stopping of this ad, that if any perfon or perfons (hall flop or inter- bog-drains, pipt the running of the water in any of the bog drains in penalty not the (aid road, the offender or offenders bciog thereof con- abovc IO#* rifted by oath of one or more credible evidences before five

or more truftees, which oath they are hereby impowered to idminifter, (hall forfeit and pay fof every fuch offence any (am not exceeding ten (hillings, to be levied in the fame {Banner as other penalties appointed by this ad.

XVI.	And forafmuch as the money fo to be colleded by 10 truftees Inch receipt of the faid tolls may not prove fufficient for the J”1! toll amending and keeping in repair the faid road, and for the Curin'/this” other purpofes herein before mentioned: be it coaded by ; or UTue

the authority aforefaid, That the (aid truftees, or any ten or debentures not -

more of them (hall, and may, and are hereby impowered, ak*!ve 5°b

from time to time by writing under their refpedive hands and	tor

feak to affign over the faid tolls or duties hereby granted or any

part thereof, the cofts and charges attending the fame to be

home and paid out of fuch tolls and duties, for any term or time

during the continuance of this ad, or to iflue warrants or

debentures, not exceeding fifty pounds each, as a fecurity fot

any fam or fums of money to be by them borrowed, to fuch

perfon or perfons, or to lus, her, or their truftee or truftees,

who (hall advance or lend the fame, for the payment thereof,

with lawful intereft or lefs, if the fame can be fo had;

which kid money fo borrowed (hall be applied and dif-

pofed of, as the tolls or duties are by this ad to be applied

and difpofed of as aforefaid.

XVII.	And the true intent and meaning of this ad is. Tickets at that every toll payable, and for which a ticket or tickets crofs gate ex-M be delivered at any gate acrofs (aid road, (haft on pro-

during (aid ticket or tickets excuff the payment of toft on 1 *****

the

Digitized by floosie

2$6

A. P. i "65.

Chap. %y.

Forcing thro’ or giving 01 receiving ticket to avoid toll, penalty ics. each.

CompOfitioa for toll,

piW quarterly.

Not with perfons above 1 mile from the gate.

Exempted from toll.

fht fifth Tyar ef George HI. the feme day in palling through any fide bar or gate of laid rpad ; but the tolls payable at the fide bars or gates (hall not cxcufie the payment at any of the crofs gates.

XVIII.	An<l for preventing frauds and hbufes with rfc» fped to the laid tolls or duties, be it further v na&ed by thjC authority aforefa.id, That if any perfon or perfoqs (hall farce his or their way through any of the faid gates without gay* ipg fuch toll, as by this a& he is bound to pay, or if any perfon or p^rfo.ns; having paid the toll or duty by this act granted and made payable, and having fuch ticket 01 tickets as hereby directed, (hall give or ditpofe of the fame to any ether perfon or perfqns in order to avoid payment of the faid toll or duty, every fuch perfon giving* difpofing, or offering, and the perfon receiving, fuch ticket or tickets, apd being thereof convided upon oath before the faid truf-tpes, or any five or more of them, which oath the faid trustees or any five or more of them are hereby impov/ered to adoiiniiUr, (hall each of them refpe&ively forfeit and pay the lum of ten (hillings; to be levied, recovered, and difpofed, as a$y other penalty or forfeiture is directed to be levied, recovered, and difpofed of by this ad.

XIX.	A&d it further enaded by the authority afoxt-ftid, That the faid truftees, or any five pr more of them, may apd are hereby impowered from time to time, as they (hall fee convenient op think- fit, tp compound or agree by the year or othterwife with any perfon or perfons ufing to travel through the turnpike or turnpikes ereded or to be ereded with any milch cows, horfes, mares, geldings, aifcf, or mules, or with any coach, berlin, cafafh, chaife, chair, waggon, cart, cayr, or other carriage, fpr any him or fmp& of money, to be paid Quarterly frpm time to time after fuch agreement (hall be made.

XX.	Provided faid compofition doth not ejeiesnd to any perfon or perfons, whofe residence from laid gate or gates, How or hereafter to be ereded as nforefahj, lhaU exceed the diftance of one mile Ir#h plantation meafure.

XXL provided ajfo, apd it is hereby declared, That no perfon (hall be charged with any of the tolls or duties afore-faid, who (hall pafs through any of the turnpikes to be ereded by this ad, who fh$il carry any quantity of Hones, gravel, or other materials for the repairing of faid roads ; nor (hail any perfon or perfons be chargeable with faid toll or duty, for any c*rt& car, or waggons leaded with corn m the Ifraw, carrying of firne or lime (fane, marj, or other manure, culm, coal, or turf for the burning pf the lime* or any implements or utenfils for repairing the faid road; nor (had any toll or duty be demanded pr4ak?n at any of the turnpikes to be ereded as aforefaid for any pofthorfacarryfag the mad or packet ; nor far any Horfe. .Or b.orfel of falters, upon tfirff inarch;

6	or

Digitized by L»ooQLe

Tbififth T§ar %f George III. ur for any waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages that are attending them; or for any liorfes, waggons, carts, cauy or other carnages travelling with vagrants dent by pallet*, or with prifoaers tranfinitted from one part of the ^g4°m to another.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- n That the talk and duties hereby granted, and this ycart0^J^

prefcnt ad, ihall take place from and after the firil day i June 1766. of June, oue thoufand fcven hundred and fixty fix, and have continuance thenceforth for and during the term of forty 00c years; and that the firil board (hall be held in pursuance of this act o,n the fourth fday of the laid month of June.

XXIII.	Provided nevcrthelefs, That if at any time be- But toll to fore the expiration of the laid term of forty one years all M(c on pans of the faid road ihall be futficjently amended £nd re- dication by paired, and ihall be fo adjudged by the majority of the truftcts re-truftees, appointed or hereafter to be chofen by virtue of ^^cnt

this a£t, by an adjudication under their hands and feals, that then and from and after fuch adjudication made, and repayment of fuch money as ihall have been advanced and borrowed, with iatereil for the fame, and the cods and charges thereof, the tolls and duties ihall ceafe and determine, any thing herein contained to the contrary uot-withfbmding.

XXIV.	And be it further ena£ed by the authority afore- O" .vacancy,

faid, That for the continuing a fufficient number of fit and able perfons to be trullees for putting in execution all and worth 4000!. every the powers in this a& contained for and during the or *ool. a continuance thereof, it ihall and may be lawful to and fur the laid trullees, or any five or more of them, (upon die death of any one or more of the faid trullees, or of his or tfeeir removal, or refilling to a& in the faid trull) by any writing or writings under their hands and feak from time to dme, and at all time* hereafter during the time afore-bid, to ele&, nominate, and appoint in the room of fuch truibee or trullees fo deceafed, removed, or refufiog to a&, cither fit and able perfon or perfons 5 fo as fuch perfon or perform to be choitn and elected be worth in perfonal fortune the clear fum of four thoufand pounds, or (ball have lands, tenements, and hereditaments of the clear yearly value of two hundred pounds in the laid counties of Armagh or Lowth.

XXV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Tp m«et bid, That it ihall and may be lawful to and for the laid oiunas trullees or any five or more of them, and the (aid truftces appointed.

or any five or more of them are hereby required, to meet fence in every year, or as often in every year, and at fuch

place

«9>

A. D.

1765. Chap. 27.

15 day* notice ported on crates, and the buftneft.

*3 G. 2.

16. in force and obferred, Ure aa hereby altered.

|^o place of to truf-

Snitt laid if

A publick

aa. *

Ybt fifth Year of George III. place or places upon or contiguous to the faid road, as the* laid truftees or any fire or more of them fhall appoint.

XXVI.	Provided always, That fifteen days previous notice in writing be ported upon laid gate or gates of fuch intended meeting: in which notice the bufinefs to be taken into confideration is to be fpecified; and the laid truftees at their firft meeting and all other fubfequent meetings (hall defray their own charges and expences.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aferefaid. That an aft made in the twenty third year of the reign erf his late Majefty King George the fecond, intituled. An a8 for the more effectual amending and keeping in repair the feveral turnpike roads in this kingdom, and for the better fc~ wring the creditors of the faid road, and all and every the powers, authorities, articles, rules, penalties, and claufes, except what are hereby altered, fhall be of full force and effeft, and fhall continue and be executed and obferved by the laid truftees herein before named, and their fucceffors, for and during the continuance of this prefent aft.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon or perfons, appointed by this aft a truftee or truftees for putting this aft in execution, (hall have or accept of any place of profit out of the tolls or duties hereby granted.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-laid, That if any fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, in every fuch cafe the aftion (hall be laid in the faid county of Armagh or county of Lowth, and not elfewhere j and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion or aftions to be brought may plead the general iffue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft; and if it fhall appear fo to be done, or that fuch aftion or aftions (hall be brought in any other county, that then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon fuch verdift, or if the plaintiff fhall be nonfuited or difeontinue his aftion, after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon any demurrer judgment fhall be given againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fhall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafe by law.

XXX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a publick aft, and fhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever without Specially pleading the fame.

CHAP,

Digitized by L,ooQle

The ffih Tear ef George III,

CHAP- XXVIII.

4* AS for Jhortam%% widening, and repairing the Turnpike Roads hading from the City of DubTm to the Town of Kii* dare; and to explain, amend, and make more ejfidual an /3 made in the twentieth Tear of his late Majeffs Reign, intituled. An A3 for making more effeSual an A3 faffed in the feventh Tear of his late Mayen, intituled, An A3 for making more effectual an A3 pcffed in the /fib Tear of the Reign of ms late Maye&y King George the Second, intituled. An AS for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Naas m the County of Kildare to the Town of Maryborough in the l^ueen’s County,

WHEREAS by an ad palled iq the fifth year of the $ G. %. si.

reign of his late Majeftv King George the fecond, jntituled. An a3 for repairing the road hading from the town pf Naas in the county of Kildare to the town of Maryborough in the Queen’s county, feyeral tolls and duties were granted and made payable for repairing the laid road; which faid ad was to commence from the tenth day of March in the year one thoofand feven hundred aqd thirty one, and from thence to continue in force for the term of twenty one years; and whereas by an ad, gaffed in the feventh year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond for roak- 7 G. *. 17. mg more effeftual the laid herein before recited ad, all and every the powers, authorities, articles, rules, penalties, and claufes, therein contained, except what are thereby altered, ihould be of full force and effef^, and Ihould continue and be executed from and after the expiration of the faid term pf twenty one years for and during the further term of twenty two yea re, and from theoce to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament: and whereas the truftees, appointed to nut the faid ad in execution, having borrowed the fum of leven thoufaad pounds on the credit thereof, and having applied the fame together with the tolls, colleded by virtue of the faid laft recited ad, in amending the laid road, but the fame proving infufficient either to pay the faid principal fum of feven thousand pounds fo borrowed, or the in-tereft thereof, or to repair and amend the faid road leading from the faid town of Naas to the laid town of Maryborough, by reafon of the depth and nature of the foil, and the great fcarcity of materials to repair and amend the fame, and the length and extent of the faid road, from the laid town of Naas to the faid town of Maryborough, could not be repaired and fufliciently amended by the tolls and duties made payable by the laid aft without augmenting the lame: and whereas by an aft pa (Ted in the twentieth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty King George the fecond, to ex- 17. <7. *. 10,

plain,

Digitized by CjOOQ le

300 A. D.

1765. Chap. 28.

The fifth Year of George 1II. plain, amend, and make more effh&ual the faid herein laft before recited ad, and all and every the authorities, powers, ariticles, rules, penalties, and clatffes therein contained, except what are thereby altered, fhould be of full force and effed, and fhould continue arid be executed, from and after the expiration of twenty two years for and during the further term of forty one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of Parliament, for the intents and purpofea in the faid ads and herein after mentioned ; and it was thereby further enaded, that the road leading from the faid town of Naas to the meeting of the three roads weflward to the town of Kildare fhould be ereded into a feparate and dif-tind turnpike, and that the tolls might be colleded and received on that part of the faid road feparate and diftind from the toll to be colleded or received on the other part of the faid road, which leads from the faid meeting of the faid three roads to the faid town of Maryborough, and that from the meeting of the faid three roads to the faid town of Maryborough and to the town of Ballyroan in the Queen’s county aforefaid, might be ereded into another feparate and diflind turnpike, fo as that a toll might be colleded and received on that part of the faid road, feparate and diftind from the toll colleded or received on the other part of the faid road, which leads from the faid town of Naas to the faid meeting of the faid three roads: and whereas the truf-tees, appointed to put the faid feveral ads in execution, have borrowed the fum of ten thoufand pounds on the credit thereof which is ftill unpaid, and have applied the fame together with the tolls colleded by virtue of the faid laft recited ads in (hortening, repairing, and amending the faid road; yet the fame cannot be effedually amended and fo kept in order, nor the • faid fum of ten thoufand pounds, or any other fum that (hall be hereafter borrowed for the ufe of the faid toad, repaid, without fome other provifion be made for that purpbfe: and whereas the tolls colleded by the faid ad have proved infuflicient cither to pay the faid principal film of ten thoufand pounds fo borrowed, or the intereft thereof, or to repair and amend the faid road leading from the faid town of Naas to the faid towns of Maryborough and Ballyroan : and whereas a great part of the faid road, leading from the faid town of Naas to the faid towns of Maryborough and Ballyroan, which leads fiom the faid town of Naas to the town of Kildare, by reafon of the depth and nature of the foil, and the great fcareity of gravel, and the windings and turnings of the faid road as it now runs, whereby the faid road is lengthened near two miles, to what it would be, if ftruck in a ftraight line from the faid town of Naas to the faid town of Kildare, cannot be repaired and fufficiently amended, and kept in repair by the tolls and

duties

Digitized by

Google

<-~v

Vhe fifth Tear of George III. duties made payable by the faid laft recited a&, the carifinrrt annual expence of repairing each and evert perch df the faid road as It now runs one perch with another amounting to upwards of two (hillings and (lx pence, and which would after having the faid road finifhed and made according to the ftraight line lately ftruck out from the faid town of Naas to the laid town of Kildare, be kept in con 11 ant repair for the fum of tfx pence per perch yearly, the gravel and materials for making and keeping in repair the faid road according to the faid new line fo ftruck out, being for the mod part contiguous and very convenient thereto, and that therefore it Is abfolutely neceflary in order to (horten the faid road, leading from the faid town of Naas to the faid town of Kili dare, according to the faid new line lately ftruck oot for the fame, and to keep the fame and the remainder of the faid road, leading from thence to the faid towns of Maryborough and Ballyroan, in good and fufficicnt order and repair, to make the feveral provifions herein after mentioned for the more cffe&ually amending and repairing the faid road, and keeping the fame in good order and repair, and for fecur-ing the debts now due, or which (hall hereafter become due to the creditors of the faid road : be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this pre-fent Parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufarid (even hundred and fixty fix, the feveral truftees named and appointed in aud under the faid former adls, and the truftees or ^y ;n herein after named and appointed, or any feven or more of them, lieu of the orfucb perfon or perfons as (hall be by them or any feven tolUby^G. or more of them refpedtively authorized or appohrted, fhall	^

and may from the time aforefaid for and during the conti- following ; nuance of the faid former adls and this prefent adl demand, take, and receive refpedtively in lieu of the tolK and duties to be collected by virtue of the faid lall recited adt the refpedtive toll; and duties following, and the fuul feveral and refpedbve perfons be thereby refpedlively iinpowered Iq levy the faid tolls by this adt charged and appointed to be collected and received, (that is to fay) the faid truftees named by and under the faid former adls, and the truftees hereby named for making and repairing the faid roads, or any leven or more of them, or fucK perfon or perfons as (hall be by t(iem or any feven or more of them authorized and appointed, fhall receive the tolls and duties following, before any horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, toll* and duties catde, coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaifc, chair, wag- payable a* gon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage (hall be permitted herein, to pafs through the fame, (that is to lay) for every coach,	'	J

kerlin, chariot, cala(h, chaife, or chair, drawn by ftx horfes,

geldings.

Truftees ia

Digitized by Google

joi	the fifth tear of Gtorge lit.

A* D*	geldings, mares, or mules* two (hillings; and for every coach,

1765.	berlin, chariot, cala(h, chaife, or chair, drawn by four

Chap. 28. horfes, mares, or miiles, one (hilling and (it pence; and for eve* ry coach, berlin, Chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair drawn by two horfes, geldings, mares, mules, ot afles, nine pence; for every waggon, wain, cart, ot carriage, with four wheels, five (hillings 5 for every waggon, wain, cart, o'r carriage with two wheels, drawn by three or more horfes, geldings* mares, miiles, sliTes, or beads of draft, three (hillings; for every waggon, wain. Cart, or carriage with two wheels, drawn by two horfes, geldings, mares, mules, a(Tes, ot beafU of draft, fix pence; for every carriage, commonly called i chair or Chaife, drawn by one horfe, gelding, mare, or muk, four pence; for every cart, car, Or other carriage!,' having but one horfe, gelding, mare, tnule, afs, or bead Of burthen, drawing laden or unladen, three halfpence i for every horfe, mare, gelding, mule, ot afs, with any perfoft riding thereon, the fum of two pence; for every horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing* or having any perfon riding thereon, the fom of three halfpence ; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, tWa (hillings and fix pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefTer number; for every dfove of calves, hogs, (heep, goats, or lambs, One (hilling and three pence by the feore, and fo irt proportion for any greater or lefief number; and for every carriage, wherein (hall be carried or borne any millftone, two (hillings and fix pence 5 and that the triiftees, herein after in this prefent a£t and by the (aid herein before recited afts named and appointed for making and repairing the faid road, or any feven or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfofls as (hall be by theni or any feven Or more of them authorized and appointed, (hall receive the lame tolls and duties herein before particularly appointed find dire&ed to be paid to the truftees named and appointed in this prefent aft as aforefaid, for making and repairing the faid road leading from the faid toWn of Naas in a (Iraight line, as the fame hath been lately (truck out, to the faid town of Kildare, and from thence to the faid towns of Maryborough and Ballyroan, or atiy feven or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be by them, or iny feverii or more of them, authorized or appointed, before anf horfe, mare, gelding, afs, mule, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaife, chair, waggon, wain* Cart, car, ot other carriage, (hall be permitted to pafs through the fame jj which faid refpedtive fum and fums of money (hall be demanded and taken refpe&ively in the name of or ns a it-vefted in faid fpe<^vc toll or tolls 5 and the money to be thereby raifed truftees Sic.	colledted	is and (hall be refpe&ively vefted in the (rid

truftees; and the fame and every part thereof (hall be applied

Th fftb Year of George ttl*	JO}

pHed and difpofed of to and for the feveral ufea, intents, and A. . 0. purpofes, and in fuch manner, as by the faid former ads 1765. and this prefent ad are particularly mentioned and declared, Chap. a8* (that is to fay) fubjed and liable to the payment of the laid fum of ten thoufand pounds, and the intereft due and growing due for the fame, and for fuch other fum or furns of money, not exceeding the fum of two thoufand five hundred pounds, as hereafter (hall or may be borrowed for the ufe of the (aid road and towards repairing the fame 5 and fuch fom or fums, as (hall be colleded and raifed at the turnpikes eroded and to be ereded as afore-faid, (hall be vefted in the truftees for the fame, fubied and liable to the payment of the (aid fum of ten thoufand pounds and intereft due and growing due for the fame, for fuch. further fum and fums of money, not exceeding the fum of two thoufand five hundred pounds, and the intereft thereof at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, as (hall here* after be raifed and borrowed for the ufe of and for and towards repairing the fame 5 and that the faid refpedive tolls and every part thereof (hall be applied and difpofed of to and for the feveral refpedive ufes, intents, and purpofes, and in fuch manner, as by the faid former ads and herein i9 mentioned and declared ; and that the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, are hereby refpedively impowered by themfelves or by any perfon or perfons by them thereunto refpedively authorized as aforefaid, to levy the faid tolls by ‘ this ad charged and appointed to be colleded and received.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. To com*

That the tolls and duties hereby granted (hall take place raence *ft from and after the firft day of June next 5 and that the faid	2	9Q.

aft, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Ma- u titer-jetty King George the fecond, and all and every the powers, ed) continued articles, rules, penalties, and daufes therein contained (ex- a[ter

cept what are hereby altered) (Jiall be of full force and ed*” effeft, and (hall continue and be executed from and after further 41 the expiration of the f)|id teriq of forty one years, granted yean, Ac. by the laid laft recited ad, for ^nd during the further term ^’r^”rP^» of forty one, and from thence to the end of the then next ^4^ feffion of Parliament, for the intents and purpofes in the faid afts and herein after mentioned, as if the powers and authorities given by the faid ads were herein again repeated and re-enaded in the body of this prefent ad, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enaded* by the authority afore-

faid, That the perfons herein after named, and none other, nt^jwith (hall be the truftees for putting the faid former ads and this thofc now prefent ad in execution (that is to fay) the lord archbifhop fubfiftiog. of Dublin, marquifs of Kildare, earl of Mt. Rath, earl of Drogheda, carl of Befborough, lord Donerailc, lord Mor-

nington.

Digitized by v^ooQle

The fifth Tear rf Gebfge III. mngton, !of3 Knapton, bifliop of Kildare, lofd Yifcbonfc Jocelyn, blfhop of Ferns, lord bifhop of Oifory, the right honourable John Ponfonby fpeakcr of the houfe of coriii mons, the right honourable Thomas Cenolly, Thorrtal Knox efquire, Charles O'Hara efquird, William Henrf Fortefcue efquire, fir Kildare Dixon Burrowes, Maurice KeW* ing efquire, William Henry Dawfon efquire, William Pofc efquire, John Dawfon efquire, John Parnell efquire, Warner Weftenra efquire. Hunt Walfh efqnire, John Parnell th£ younger efquire, Dudly Cofby efqtiire, colonel Richard f*itt-gerald efquire, Sewel Stubber efqnire, John Barrington e£ quire, John Sent Leger efquire, Mervyn Archdale efquirej Ephraim Stannus efquire, James Stannns efquire, Anderfoti Sanderfoii efquire, Valentine Knightly Chetwood efquire; Henry Weftenra efq uire, William Defpai d efquire, Henry Carter efquire, John Burke efquire, John Digby efquire, John Rochford the elder efquire, John Digby the younger efquirei ThomasTenifon efquire, Stephen Caffcn efquire, Arthur Bnr-dett efquire, Lewis Moore efquire, captain Lewis Moorr, Walter Weldon efquire, Denny Baker Cuffe efquire, John Prcfton efquire, Thomas Eyre efquire, Godfrey Wills efquire; Anthony Sharp efquire, Robert Flood efquire, Luke Flood efquire, Richaid Vickers efquire, Thomas Drought efquire, John Lyon efquire, Edward Brereton efquire, William Finn efquire, John Bambrick efquire, Robert Hartpole efquire, Stephen Fitzerald ofMorett efquire, Stephen Fitzgerald of Bally-thomas efquire, John Murray Prior efquire, Geofge Defpard efquire. Lancelot Sandesefquire, Wentworth Thewles efquire, James Defter efquire, Alexander Carrol efquire, George Carr efquire, Maurice Carr efquire, Edward Noy efquire, Richard Wilfon efquire, Samuel Spencer efquire, James Spencer efquire, William Handcock efquire, Richard Sherlock efquire, George Evans efquire, David Latouchre the younger efquire, William Atkinfon efquire, Jofeph Handcock efquire, Benjamin Stratford efquire, Thomas Fitzgerald efquire, Chriftopher Comyn Gardiner efquire, reverend dean Coote, reverend doftor George Flood, reverend Frederick Trench, reverend Thomas Jen kin clerk, Charles White gentleman, John Pilkington gentleman, George White gentleman, Samuel White gentleman, Robert Palmer gentleman, William Drought gentleman, Lamly Higgins gentleman, Henry Knight gentleman, Thomas Kelly gentleman, Archibald Adair gentleman, Samuel StrangrAan gentleman, William Fitzgerald gentleman, Thomas Mode gentleman, Arthur Moffe gentleman, William Brereton gentleman, Jofeph Cal-cut gentleman, Martin Delany gentleman, Robert Lefter gentleman, Maik Halfpen gentleman, the burgomafter of Maryborough for the time being, the fovereign of Kildare for the time being, Luke Dempfey gentleman, William Hetherington gentleman, Horny White gentleman, Gilbert White gentleman,

On death nr

lit fifth Tear o/Georgt III. wan, William Adair gentleman, Hawkins Ireland gentleman,

Alexander Fitzgerald of Straboe gentleman, Stephen Fitzgerald of Ballydavis gentleman, Edward Hood gentleman, the reverend Anthony French, Ricliard Evans gentleman, Thomas Fitzgerald gentleman, Theobald Medlicot gentleman,

Edward Medlicot gentleman, Jonathan Clark gentleman,

Michael Lewis gentleman, Thomas Strangman gentleman,

Samuel Strangman junior gentleman, Edward Noy efquire,

Richard Nelfou efquire, John Thewls efquire, William Dexter efquire, Eufeby Stratford efquire, together with fach other truilecs as are now fubiiiling by virtue of the faid laft ad ; and that the faid feveral truilees hereiu before named ihall be veiled with all the powers and authorities, in the faid former ads and this prefent ad given and enaded, to all intents and purpofes, with powers to cred turnpikes, and to receive feparate aud diilinct tolls, and to cled, nominate, appoint, and remove receivers, colledors, orerfeers, and other officers purfuant to the power granted in and by the faid former ads.

IV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any of die faid truilees named and appointed as afore- refufal 7 n»ay laid, who by virtue of the prefent ad Ihall be trnilees, lball others, happen to die or refufe to ad, that then it ihall and may *c*

be lawful to and for any feven or move of the faid truitces during the continuance of the faid former ads and this prefent ad to eled and appoint in the room of fuch perfon or perfons, fo deceafed or refuting to act, fo many more fit and able perfons, who Ihall be inhabitants of the couuties of Kildare or Queens county, or creditors on the faid road by mortgage or debenture, and no other, to be joined with	•

them refpedively in the execution of the faid former ads and this prefent ad ; and that all and every perfon or pei-fons, fo refpedively cleded and appointed, ihall and may be hereby refpedively impowered to ad to all intents and purpofes, as the faid trnilees by the faid former ad or this prefent ad are impowered to do, and fo from time to time as often as there ihall be occation refpedively.

V.	Provided always, That no gate or turnpike ihall be No gate

ertcled by virtue of this or any former ad at any place r ^ nearer the well fide of the town of Kildare than the place th'c Three ^ called the Three roads, or nearer thau one mile to the eail roads or one fide of the faid town of Kildare.	nhlc	call.

VI.	And provided alfo, That no gate or turnpike ihall __

1 a j 1 r •	r	1	•	f	*	1	Nor	ncarwr

be erected by virtue of this or any former ad at any place Naas tluil

nearer to the town of Naas than the town of Bigginilown, Bigginitcwn.

where the turnpike 1*6 now ereded.

VII.	And be it alfo enaded by the authority aforefaid, it at board That it Ihall and may be lawful for the faid truilecs or any |!^IC fifteen or more of them at any meeting or board, aud not t0 ^ intc t •therwife, from time to time during the continuance of

Vol, V.	U	the

Digitized by L.00Q le

N«ne above 50I.

Order* tramfurahle by iudoi foment-

Orders num« bered.

Tolls In fepa-rate divifions applied to inferred of funis borrowed, &c.

The fifth Tear of George III. the {aid former ads and this prefent ad to make out warrants or orders in writing under their hands, direded to the treafurer or receiver of the faid tolls, thereby requiring him to pay thereout to the perfon or perfons named in fuch warrant or order, his or their executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns, the growing intereft of the fum of money mentioned in luch warrant or order, as the fame (hall from time to time become due, until fuch time as the principal fum mentioned in fuch warrant or order (hall be paid off and di£> charged at one entire payment.

VIII.	Provided that no warrant or order, to be ilfued to the faid treafurer 01 receiver by virtue of this ad, (hall be for any greater fum than the principal fum of fifty pounds.

IX.	And be it alfo enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon or perfons, to whom fuch warrants or orders (hall be given or aligned, his or their executors or admin iftrator6, may by indorsement of fuch warrants or orders, or receipts, transfer the right and benefit of the fum mentioned, in fuch warrants or orders; which indorsement upon notice to the treafurer or receiver of the faid tolls, and an entry or memorial thereof made in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, which the faid treafurer or receiver (hall upon requeft without charge, fee, or reward make accordingly, and (hall upon the requeft of any perfon or perfons permit the fame to be viewed at reafonablc hours without fee or reward, (hall intitle the indorfee or aflignee, his or her executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, tq the foie benefit of the fum fo transferred or affigned; and the faid warrant or order may in like manner be transferred and affigned by fuch aflignee, his or her executors or adminiftrators, and fo from time to time; and that after fuch aflignment it (hall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons, who made fuch aflignment or indorfement to make void, releafe, and difeharge the faid aflignment, or the fum thereby transferred or afligned, or any part thereof.

. X. And be it alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the rcfpe&ive treafurer or receiver of the faid tolls (hall arithmetically number ail the warrants and orders, which (hall be given or delivered put in purfuance of this adt, as they (hall be delivered, commencing with number one, and fo continuing the numbers till the whole be arithmetically numbered.

XI. And be it alfo ena&ed by the authority afordaid. That the feveral and refpedtive tolls and duties hereby made payable for the turnpikes, ere&ed and to be ere&cd as aforefaid, in their feparate and diftindt divifions, lhall be applied and paid to the difeharge of the intereft of the faid fum of ten thoufand pounds, and of fuch other and further fum and 1	font

Digitized by L,ooQle

ffib Ttmr tf George Ilf. fuxns of money as (hall be hereafter borrowed for the nfc of the faid road and towards repairing the fame, not exceeding the laid fum of two tfioufand five hundred pounds ; and that all the furplus of the faid tolls and duties hereby made payable, over and above what (hall be fufltcient to difeharge the faid intereft and the feveral Salaries payable purfuant to this and the faid former a&s, and repair the faid road, and keep the fame in good order and repair from time to time, (hall be applied refpcctivcly as aforefaid towards the difeharge of the faid principal fum of ten thoufand pounds aa aforefaid, and towards the difeharge of fuch further and other fum as (hall hereafter be borrowed as aforefaid, in manner hereafter mentioned (that is to fay) that when and as often as fuch furplus received by the faid treafurer or receiver (hall amount to the fum of one hundred pounds, then the faid treafurer or receiver (hall caufe the number of all the warrants or orders, which (hall be rcfpe&ively iffued or delivered out in purfuance of this a£t, and the fum therein contained to be written on feveral tickets or pieces of parchment, and to be rolled and fealed up, and put into a box os urn, and well mixed together ; and an indifferent per-fon (hall publickly between the hours of ten and twelve in the forenoon of a day to be by the treafurer or receiver publickly advertized in the Dublin Gazette, or fome other publick news paper, for that purpofs at lead twenty days before, at the Tholfcl of the city of Dublin draw out of fuch box or urn as many of the faid tickets or pieces of parchment as the fum therein contained (hall amount to the uuddum of one hundred pounds; and the perfon or perfons, the number of whofe warrants or orders (hall be fo drawn, his or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, (hall within twenty days after the (aid warrants or order (hall be drawn, be paid by the laid treafurer or receiver the principal fum to him or them refpc&ively due with intereft for the fame till paid, and (hall upon payment thereof deliver up his and their feveral and refpe&ive warrants or orders to the faid treafurer or receiver to be cancelled, which he is hereby required to cancel accordingly; and the intereft, payable by virtue of fuch warrants or orders* (hall ceafe from the expiration of twenty days, to be accounted from the day of drawing the faid tickets or pieces of parchment.

XII.	And whereas the faid highway or road leading from the faid town of Naas to the faid town of Kildare may be confiderably (hortened and made much more convenient for travellers, if the lame was carried in a ftraight and di-rcftline, where the fame is now crooked, and the annual ex-pence of repairing the fame thereby greatly leffened: wherefore, and that all juft and rcafonable fatisfa&ioa may be given for U z	the

Digitized by LjOOQle

S«*

A. D.

1765.

Chap. 28.

9 truftcc* may carry ftraight the road from Naa» to Kildare.

BuildiBgs, £*rdtni, &c. ttccpted.

12 truftee* ttuy treat with •wncrj, Sec.

The fifth Year of George Ilf. the land made ufe of in carrying the faid road ftraight as aforefaid, be it alfo enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any nine or more of them, to ascertain, defcribe, and fet apart fuch part and propoi tion pf the land adjoining or contiguous to the faid highway tor road, as they the laid truC-tees, or any nine or more of them fliall judge neceffary for carrying the faid road from tji£ fjid town of Naas, beginning at or near the little bridge at the weft end of the faid town of Naas, and from thence in a ftraight and direct line to the faid town of Kildare, oppofite or as near the raarkeL-houfe thereof as conveniently can be.

XIII.	PiQyided, That no*part of faid lands fo to be fet apart be built on, and that the fame be not part of any garden, orchard, yard, planted walk or avenue to a houle, or of a park or paddock for deer.

XIV.	And be it alfo enabled, That the faid truftees, or any twelve or more of them, are hereby impowered to treat and agree with the owners and others interefted in the faid ground, to be made ufe of in carrying the faid road from the faid town of Naas to the faid town of Kildare in a ftfaight and direct line as aforefaid, for fuch recompenceandfatisfa&ion to be made for the fame out of the tolls and duties arifing by virtue of this ad, as the faid truftees, or any twelve or more of them, fhall think fit and reafonable: and in cafe any perfoji or perfons lhall neglect or refufe to treat or agree as aforefaid, or through any dif-ability by nonage, coverture, or fpecial limitation in any fettlement or fettlementa, or by reafon of any other impediment cannot, or otherwife howfoever fhall refufe to, dif-pofe of their refpe&ive interefts in fuch land, as the faid truftees, or any twelve or more of them, fhall think convenient for making the faid road as aforefaid, that in every fuch cafe the faid truftees, or any twelve or more of them, be authorized and impowered to ifTue forth their warrant or warrants to the fheriff or fheriffs of the faid county qf Kil? dare, where fuch ground doth lie, to impanel and return before the faid truftees, qr any twelve or more of them, at fuch time and place within the faid county, as fliall be appointed in fuch warrant or warrants, a fufheient jury, who Upon their oaths, which faid oalhs the faid truftees or any twelve or more of them are hereby required and impowered to adminifter, fhall inquire into the true and real yalue of fuch ground to be made ufe of for the faid highway or road ; ^nd that fuch verdicts and inquifltions, as fhall be fo found and returned by the faid jury, afeertaining the value of fuch ground, fhall be final and conclufive as well to the faid jtrqftees, as to the feyeral and refpedtive owners and proprietors

Digitized by

The fifth Tear •/ George Til.	^

tore of fuch ground, notwhhftanding any difficulty or Inca- A. D.

parity whatsoever.	^	176$.

XV.	And be it alfo enaded by the authority aforefaid, Chap. a3« That all fuch cofts and charges, as have been or (hall be laid out and expended in and about procuring and paffing this prefent ad of Parliament, and furveying the faid road,

(hall be firft difeharged and paid out of the money ariiing out of the toll or tofls to be colleded by virtue of this prefent ad, together with an intercil of five pounds per centum per annum, till the fame is paid.

XVI.	And be it alfo enacted by the authority aforefaid, may com-That the faid trullees, or any fifteen or more of them, pound for toll, (hall and may and are hereby impowered from time to time,

as they (hall fee convenient and think fit, to compound or agree by the year or otherwife with all and every or any of the inhabitants of the feveral towns of Kildare, Ballyroan, and Maryborough, or the hamlets thereunto belonging, in fuch manner as by the faid former recited ads the faid trufieet, or any number of them, were authorized or impowered to do or compound.

XVII.	And be it alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid, f f m#T ^ That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid truf- mife not above tecs, or any eleven or more of them refpedively, by any 3 years, agreement or agreements, leafe or leafes, demife or demifes,

in writing, to be refpedively executed by the faid refpedive iruflees, or any eleven or more of them refpedively, under their hands and feals to demife or leafe, fet, or let, all or any part of the (aid refpedive tolls and turnpikes to fuch perfonor perfons, as they (hall refpedively think fit, for fuch time and term not exceeding three years, and for fuch rents or yearly income, as they (hall refpedively ^ rent# ^ think fit; and that all and every fuch rent and yearly income t0 ^ roods, (hall be applied, as herein before and in the before mentioned See. ads is direded and appointed, in making and repairing the (aid refpedive roads, and keeping the fame in good repair from time to time, and in difeharge of l uch principal fums of money and intsrell as are now due and hereafter (hall refpedively become due, by virtue of the faid former ads aud this prefent ad; and alfo that it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every perfon or perfons, who (hall take any leafe or kafes, demife or demiies, of all or any part of the faid re-fpedive tolls and turnpikes, to take and receive to their own proper ufe and behoof the tolls and profits, which (hall arife from fuch refpedive turnpikes, as they (hall refpedively fo take, they paying the faid refpedive rents or yearly income to the faid refpedive truftees according to their feveral agreements, any thing herein or in the (kid former ads contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIIL

Digitized by

Google

Toll to eOafe on adjudication at felfions that the road it re* tooired, and loans repaid.

To ttieet at by former ads.

9 troflfees with the truf-tees in 3 G. 3. 32, may fet apart lands contiguous to fhorten the road from Dublin to Naas.

The fifth Year of George III*

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it alfo further enafted by* the authority aforefaid, That if at any time before the expiration of the faid additional term of forty one years hereby granted the highway a9 aforefaid fhail be fuffidently1 amended and repaired, and (hall be fo refpeftively adjudged by thfe juftices of the peace for the county of Kildare and Queens county, at their quarter fefllons to be holden refpec-tively for the faid counties, that then from and after fuch adjudication made and repayment made of all fuch monies as have been or fhail be borrowed upon the credit of the faid former afts or this prefent aft, with the intereft thereof, the tolls hereby refpeftively granted and made payable, and all the powers and authorities, in the faid former acb and this prefent aft contained, (hall refpeftively ceafe and determine, any thing in the faid former afts and this prefent aft contained to the contrary notwithflanding*

XIX.	And be it alfo further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid truftees, or any fifteen or more of them, fhail and may meet at the Tholfel of the city of Dublin aforefaid, on the firft day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix; and the faid truftees fhail and may then adjourn themfelves, and af-terwaads meet there, or at any other place or places for putting this aft in execution, as by the faid former recited afts is direfted and appointed.

XX.	And whereas a great part of the turnpike road, leading from the city of Dublin to the faid town of Naas, by reafon of the fcarcity of gravel and the many windings and turnings of the faid road, as it now ftands, and by reafon of the feveral fteep hills which are thereon, many parts of faid road are almoft impaffable for carriages, and which faid road by reafon of the faid windings and turnings is lengthened upwards of two miles more, than it would be, if carried in a ftraight line from the faid city of Dublin to the faid town of Naas: and whereas the fhortening of the faid road by carrying the fame ftraight according to a line lately ftruck thereof from the faid city of Dublin to the faid town of Naas will be much more convenient to travellers, and by that means the faid fteep hills on the faid toad, as it now run9, totally avoided, and the annual expence for repairing the fame, greatly leflened : be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of June next, and as foon after as a proper fund can be procured or obtained either by fubfeription or otherwise for that purpofe, that it (hall and may be lawful for the feveral tfuftees appointed by this aft, or any nine or more of them, together with the truftees nominated and appointed in an aft of Parliament made the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty King George the third.

Digitized by

Google

fJ.irVr*, fee. cicej tid.

The fifth Tear of George TIL

fir Jhortemng and repairing the faid turnpike road leading from the faid city of DuhTtn to the faid to*um of Naas and from thence to Kilcullen bridge, or any nine or more of them jointly, of which laft mentioned a d the truftees in this prefect ad named are hereby nominated and appointed truftees of the faid turnpike road leading from the faid city of Dublin to the laid town of Naas and Kilculicn bridge, for this particular purpofe only, to afeertain, deferibe, and fet apart iuch parts and proportions of the land adjoining or contiguous to the &id highway or road, as they the faid truftees named in this prefent ad, and the (aid truftees named in the faid ad for repairing the faid turnpike from the faid city of Dublin to the (aid towns of Naas and Kilcullen bridge, or any nine of each of the faid truflees jointly, (hall judge neeeflary fof carrying the faid road from the (aid city of Dublin, begin* iiing at the Poor Houfe, and from thence in a ftraight line, ending to the call of the faid town of Naas.

XXI.	Provided, That no part of faid lands fo to be fet apart be built on, and that the fame be not part of any garden, orchard, yard, planted walk or avenue to a houfe, or part of a park or paddock for deer.

XXII.	And that it be alfo enaded, That the faid truf- May trrat tees, or any nine or more of them, jointly with the laid Wlth owner*, truftees named in the faid ad for repairing the faid road from

the faid city of Dublin to the faid town of Naas and Kilcullen bridge, or any nine or more of them, are hereby hnpowered to treat and agree with the feveral owners and others interefted in the faid ground to be made ufe of in carrying the faid road from the faid city of Dublin to the faid town of Naas in a ftraight and dired line as aforelhid, for fitch recompcnce tod (atisfadlon to be made for the fame to be paid out of the fund, when the fame is obtained or procured, for fhort-cning the (aid road in a ftraight line as aforefaid, veiling the faid tniftecs with the fame powers herein before mentioned to be veiled in the faid truftees by this ad, for removing any disability or impediment from (hortening the faid road from the faia city of Dublin to the faid town of Naas, and fcfcertaining the value of the land or ground, on which the fame is to njn as aforefaid ; and alfo that it (hall and may be-lawful to and for the faid truftees named in this ad, and tbe faid truftees named in the faid ad fo pafled in the fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or any nine of each of them, to contrad and agree with fuch perfon or perfons, as they (hall think fit, for the making and repairing, and keeping in repair, the faid road fo leading from the faid city of Dublin to the faid town of Naas and Kilcullen bridge ; any thing contained in the faid ad fo palled in the

fourth

Digitized by

Google



A. D.

1765.

A publick

•A.

Yht fifth Ytar of George I IT. fourth year of the reign of his faid prefent Majefly to the contrary notvvithflandmg.

XXIII. And be it alfo enabled by the authority afore-faid, That this prefent a6t fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick acl, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all the judges, juflices, and all other perfons whatfoever without fpecially pleading the fame.

A. D.

i7b7.

No Parliament to continue above 8 years, dec.

This determined 24 June, 1768, ttnlefs diHolved fooner.

The Seventh Year of GEORGE III. CHAP. III.

An A 8 for limiting the Duration of Parliaments.

THAT whereas a limitation of the duration of Parliaments may tend to ftrengthen the harmony and good agreement fubfitting between his Majefly and his people of Ireland, and may be produ&ive of other good effe&s to his Majefly’s fubjedts there; we, your Majefly’s moil dutiful and loyal fubjedls, the commons of Ireland in Parliament aflembled, do rc 11 humbly befeech your Majefly, That it may be declared and enabled in this prefent Parliament, andbeit declared and enabled by the King’s moil excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from henceforth no Parliament, which fhall at any time hereafter be called, aflembled, or held, {hall have any longer continuance than for eight years, to be accounted from the day on which by the writs of fummons the faid Parliament fhall be appointed to meet.

II. And be it further enadled by the authority afore-faid. That this prefent Parliament fhall ceafe and determine on the twenty fourth day of June, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight, unlefs his'Majefly fhall think fit fooner to diffolre the fame.

C HAP.

- Digrt'fae.diby'

Google

Ybeftventh Year of George III.

CHAP. IV.

An Act to enable Grand Juries to rmfe by Prefcntment Money for difcharging the rents of Court Houfirs, Gaols, and offices for keeping the Records of the reffeQivc Counties, and for other Purpofes•

WHEREAS a doubt has been conceived concerning the power of grand juries to raife by prefcntment money for the purpofe of di (charging the rents of court houfes, gaols, and offices for keeping the records of fcveral counties, be it ena&edby the King’s moft excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prelent Parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in every county, in which a certain rent is or (hall be payable for the court houfe, gaol, or offices for keeping the records of fuch county, the grand juries of fuch counties refpe lively at their affizes (hall prefent yearly fuch rents to be railed upon their refpc&ivc counties, and the judges of affize (hall have power, if they fee fit, to confirm fuch preferments; and the money, fo prefented and confirmed as aforefaid, (hall be raifedand paid to fuch per-fons, to whom fuch rents are or (hall be rcfpe&ively payable, without any dedu&ion whatfoever.

II.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the grand juries of the feveral cities in this kingdom at their refpe&ive affizes to prefent fuch fums, as they (hall think proper for building and maintaining work houfes and houfes of correction for disorderly perfons within their refpe&ive cities, or in fome convenient place adjoining to the fame, as they (hall judge necefiary for the purpofe; and the judges of affize (half have power, if they fee fit, to confirm fuch preferments.

III.	Provided always. That the fum fo prefented for building any fuch work houfe (hall not exceed in the whole the fum of two hundred pounds, and the fum fo prefented for maintaining fuch work houfe (hall not in any one year exceed in the whole the fum of twenty pounds.

Grandju-ric* at affize* may prefent yearly rent* for court houfe, gaol, or office*, confirmed by the judge, and paid.

And fom* for wark-houfei or houfe* of corre&ion in or near cities.

Not above

»ool for building, not ahovt sol. a year maintaining.

CHAP.



Digitized by

by Google

3«4 A. D.

The Jeventh Tear of George III* CHAP. VI.

A0 AB to continue amend* and malt more effeBuol an Ad faffed in the Fourth Tear of the Reign of His late Mqefy King George the Fitjl, entitled, An Act for vefting inHig Majefty, H13 Heirs and Succeffors, the feveral Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereon the Barracks in this Kingdom are Built or Building, or contracted for; and whereon Lighthoufeg are or (hall be built, and for making reafonable Satisfaction to the feveral owners and proprietors for the fame : and alfo an AB faffed in the Twenty ftp Tear of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second* intitled, An Act for amending and making more effcftual the (aid former Aft, and likewife to enable the prefent Commffioners of the Barrack Board and their Succef* fors to fell the feveral Eflates in the Lands, whereon Bar* racks have been Built, that are now gone to Decay, or Jbeil hereafter become Ufelefs, and alfo to fell the Materials of Jvch decayed Barracks.

Recital of letters patent of K. Will. 3. 24 Dec. 1700, incorporating try frees of barracks, with power to take land, &c.

X XT HE REAS his late Majefty King William the third VV by his letters patent, dated the twenty fourth day of December in the year of our Lord, one thoufand feveq hundred, and in the twelfth year of his reign, did unite into a corporation the feveral perfons therein mentioned, who are by the feid letters patent invefted with the ufual corporate powers to continue in perpetual fucceffion by the name of the truftees of the barracks in and throughout the kingdom of Ireland, and by that name to be capable at law to fue and to be fued, with full power with the approbation and confent of the chief governor or governors of this kingdom to take grhntff and leafes, and to purchafe houfesana lands in fee fimple, to them and to their fuccefforsy n$t exceeding the yearly value of four hundred pounds, with fuch claufes and under fuch covenants as to the faid truftees and their fucceffors, or to the major part of them, (hould feem convenient; which faid grants, leafes, or purchafts, fo to be taken or made, are thereby declared to be to the ufe of and in truft for the maintaining and fupporting the faid barracks and buildings, and for the more commodious quartering the army of this kingdom ; and by the faid letters patent full power is alfo given to the faid truftees and the fur-vivors or major part of them to eleft fucceffors from time to time, as vacancies (hould happen, fuch their eleftion to be approved of by the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, in fuch manner as therein is directed: and whereas the faid truftees did in purfuance of

the

Digifeed -



The feventb Year of George HI.	j

the laid letters patent purchafe the fee of feveral lands, and A. D.

. took leafes for lives, or for a long term of years, of other 1767. lands, whereon barracks had been built: and whereas the Chap* 6. forming traftees therein named, having omitted to ele& per* foes to fucceed the deceafed, the (aid corporation became diflolved: be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and Commons in this prefent Parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the fame.

That all the lands purchafed by, and alfo all the lands which were let to, the laid trailecs for the purpofes afordaid during the continuance of the faid leafes, (hall be and are. hereby declared to be veiled in his Majefty, his heira and fucceffors, for the ufe of the faid barracks, any law, ftatute, or other matter to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And whereas by an ad patted in the fourth year of ^ ^	^

the reign of his late Majefty King George the firft, entitled	*

An a8 for vefttng in bis Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the Jeveral lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whereon the bar-mk in this kingdom are built or building, or eontraQcd for, and whereon hghthoufes are or Jball be built, and for making reafona-tiefatisfadion to the feveral owners and proprietors for the fame, it is among other things ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, as often as there (hall be occafioti for the fame, by one or more com-miffion or committlons under the great feal of Ireland, to be executed and returned within the term of feven years, from and after the twenty fifth day of December, one thotdand feven hundred and feven teen, to authorize and appoint any number of perfons to be committioners to execute the powers thereby given, which faid committioners fo to be appoint* ed, or any three or more of them, are thereby authorized and required to take funreys #f and particularly to deferibe, afeertam, abut, and bound the ground, whereon fuch barracks are already built, or building, or contra&ed for, and fuch lighthoufes as are already built, or that (hall be thought neceflary to be built, on any head land or promontory, with the neceflary and convenient yards, paf-fages, ways, and appurtenances thereunto belonging, where the lame had not theretofore been afeertained, abutted, and bounded; and the faid committioners are thereby further authorized and impowered to agree with the owners and others interefted in any fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, for the abfolute purchafe of fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or for fuch certain yearly rents to be paid for the fame for ever, as they (hall think fit and reafona* ble; and in cafe any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or

corporate,

Digitized by v^ooQle

ai G. l 9.

Commiflion-erstnay purchafe or take leafet of lands for building barracks or light-houfet, as herein.

The fevenlb Ytar^f George III. dorporate, eccldiaftical or civil, (hall negled or refufe to treat or agree as aforefaid, or through any difability by nonage, coverture, or fpecial limitation in any fettleroent or iettlements, or by reafon of any other impediment cannot, or otherwife howfoever refufe to, difpofe of their refpedive. intercils in fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in every fuch cafe the faid commillioners, or any three or more of them, are thereby impowered to iffue forth their warrant or warrants to the Iheriff or fheriffs of the refpedive counties, wherein fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments do lie, to impanel and return before the faid commillioners a jury to inquire into and afeertain the neat yearly value of fuch lands and tenements, fuppofing a barrack had not been built thereon, and a leafe thereof to be made to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccelTors, for ever, in fuch manner as by the faid ad is di-redtd: and whereas an ad paffed in the twenty firft year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, to amend and make more effedual the faid ad palfed in the fourth of George the firft, whereby, after reciting the laid former ad, and that it may be found neceflary to build nor barracks for the more convenient reception of his Majeftys forces, and the more effedual fecurity of this kingdom, a power is given to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being to execute the powers given to them by the faid former ad for com-pleating the abfolute purchafe, or taking leafes of lands proper to ered fuch new barracks upon ; and a power is alfo given by the faid ad to bodies politick and corporate, ec-cleliallical or civil, tenants in tail, tenants for life, infants by their guardians, the guardians and committees of luna-ticks and idiots, and feme coverts with their hulbands, by deeds indented and inrolled abfolutely to fell or difpofe of, or to contrad with, and effedually to convey to, his Majefty, his heirs and fuccelTors, or to fuch perfon or perfons as the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being Ihould appoint, any lands or tenements neceflary or eonvenient for making or ereding fuch new barrack or barracks; and whereas the faid ads have been from time to time continued, and are now near expiring : be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the prefent commillioners for the barracks of this kingdom and their fuccelTors, or fuch peifons as lhall hereafter be appointed commillioners for the faid barracks, or any three or more of them, lhall be and are hereby impowered to carry into compleat execution the faid feveral powers of pur-chaling, taking grants or leafes of lands, on which it may be neceflary and expedient to build barracks or lighthoufes, and of afeertaining the value of fuch lands, or the rents to be referred on fuch leafes: and in cafe of the tefufal or dif-6	ability

Digitized by

Google

Ybe ftventb Tear of George III.

AiBtjr of the Several owners or proprietors of fuch lands, on which it (hall he thought expedient hereafter to build barracks, the (aid coromiHioners, or any three or more of them,

(hall be unpowered to ifliie their warrant or warrants to the (herifFs of the refpe&ive counties, wherein fucb lands lie, to fiimmon a jury in order to ascertain the yearly value of fuch lands, and for a leafe thereof to be made to his Majefty, in fuch manner as is prescribed by the aforefaid a& of the fourth of King George the firft relative to the purchafe of lands, whereon barracks are already built or contradled for; and fuch verdicts or inquisitions as fhall be fo found aud returned by the faid junr afeetaining the rent to be paid for the fame, as alfo ail fuch contracts and conveyances as the faid comraif-fioaers or any three or more of them (hall make, (hall be returned and certified to his Majefty in the court of exchequer by the faid commiflkmers, or any three or more of them, within thirty one days next after fuch verdict or inquifition found, or contracts or conveyances made thereof, be entered among the records of the faid court ; which faid contracts or conveyances, verdicts or inquiiitions, (hall be final and coudufive as well to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflore, as to the (aid feveral and refpe<5tive owners, proprietors, and tenants, notwithftanding any difability or incapacity whatfo-ever, and immediately after the payment of fuch fum or fums of money as (hall be agreed to be paid for the purchafe of the fame, or contratl entered into for payment of an annual rent, as alfo from the time of fuch verdict or inquifition found and returned into the exchequer, (hall be veiled in his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, for the ufe of the faid barracks and lighthoufes refpe&ively, notwithftanding any difa-bHitv or incapacity whatfoever; any law, ftatute, or other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And whereas feveral barracks in this kingdom are gone to ruin and decay, and yet are attended with a con-liderable expence to the publick, not only on account of the yearly rents that arc paid for the ground, on which they were built, but alfo on account of the necelfity of hiring perfons to keep watch in fuch barracks as arc not entirely decayed: and whereas fuch charges might not only be faved, but a confiderable fum might be raifed for his Majefly’s ufe, by difpofing of his Majefty’s title to the laid barracks, and to the ground on which they were eredled: be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for	_

the prefent commiflioners of the barracks, and for all fuch may feli the perfons as (hall hereafter be appointed commiflioners, or any Crown's title three or more of them, as often as they (hall be authorized thereto by the order of the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, by deed indented and in-

rolled

Commiflioners

Digitized by Google

jit	The	Jt<venth	Tear of George III.

A* D.	rolled to convey, afiign, or otherwife abfolutely to fell "the

1767.	title of the crown in or to fuch ground or barracks.

IV.	Provided always, fuch ground or barracks (hall be By publick pofed of by publick cant, and not otherwife, to the higheft C1I1L	bidder.

On one	V.	And	provided	alfo,	That	one month's notice be gifen

month notice in the Dublin Gazette and feme other publick paper of hb in Gazette, Sec, telligcnce of the time and place appointed for fuch fale 'Of fales; and that the money arifing from thence be paid bf the laid commiffioners into the treafury for the ufe of tk publick.

CHAP. VII.

An AS for further amending an AS pajfed in the thirty frf Tear of the Reign of His late Majcjly King George the Second^ eo* titled, An AS for making a wide and convenient Way% Street, and Pajfage9 from EJfex Bridge to the Cajlle of 2M* lin9 and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

31 G. *. 19. TT7 HEREAS by an a A, paiTed in the thirty firft year amended by	VV of the reign of his late Majefty King George the

33 G. a. 1 j.	fecond, for making a wide and convenient way, ftreet, and

paffage, from EflexbridgetotheCaftle of Dublin, andfor other purpofe8 therein mentioned (which aft was afterwards amend* ed by another aft palled in the thirty third year of the reign of his faid late Majefty) it isamongft other things enafted* that it lhall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick^ corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie* truftees, guardians, and committees to lunaticks and ideots^ not only for or on behalf of themfelves, their heirs and fuccef* fors, but alfo for or on behalf of ceftuique trufta, whether infants or ilTue unborn, lunaticks, ideota, feme coverts, 01? other perfons whatfoever who are or lhall be feized or pofc felTed of, or interefted in, any houfes, buildings, or ground, which by the commiffioners named in the laid aft, lhall be thought neceflary to be purchafed for any of the purpofesj of the faid aft, to fell and convey all or any fuch houfes, buildings, and ground, or any part thereof, to the faid commiffioners, or the furvivors of them : and whereas neither of the faid afts hath direfted to whom the money arifing from-j the purchafes of houfes, buildings, or ground belonging to ecclefiaftical perfons, lhall be paid by the faid commiffioners, ■ nor by what means the fee limple may be conveyed to the faid comrtiiffioners of fuch houfes, buildings, or ground, in which any infant under the age of twenty one years lhall be feized of or intitled to an eftate tail: and whereas, it is rea-fonable to make provilion in fuch cafes fo far as foie eccleli-altical corporations, or infants feized of or entitled to eitates

tail :

Digitized by LiOOQle

Tbt feventb Tut §f George III.	519

tiflmay be affe&ed by the faid ad ; be it enaded by the A. D. King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and 1767. eeofent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in Chap. 7. this prefent Parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That in all purchafes made or to be made by the Purchafo ftid comrtiiffioners or their fucceffors, or any five or more of nuffi^oer»fr« them, from any dean, chanter, chancellor, treafurer, pre- any dignitary beadary, or other dignitary, parfon, vicar, or other incum- dec and par-best of a parifh, of any houfes, building, or ground to m®JBCT.#P* them refpedively belonging in right of their refpedive dig- p u hofcm* sfties or parifhes, fuch purchafe money (hall be lodged in the hands of one or more truftee or truftees, to be appointed by fuch dignitary, with the confent of the dean and chapter of which he fhall be a member, or by fuch parfon, vicar, or other incumbent, with the confent of the patron 4r patrons of fuch parifh, in truft, after deduding all reasonable coffa and expences which (hall attend the execution tf fuch truffo, to be laid out by him or them refpedively, or his or their executors or adminiftrators, in the purchafe of lands, tenements, hereditaments, in fee fimplc for the of foch dignitary, parfon, vicar, or other incumbent, inm whom fuch purchafes (hall be refpedively made, and his and their refpedive fucceffors; any ftatute of mortmain, or any other law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary not-

oithftanding.

II	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the an-	Such digoi-

thority aforefaid, That after any fuch purchafe (hall be made by	** “lcum'

aay fuch truftee or truftees, or his or their executors or ad- crw| i^tMike ; /nmiftrators, it (hall and may be lawful to and for every fuch confent to * dignitary, in truft for whom fuch purchafe (hall be made, leafe 40 yean, and his fucceffors, with the confent of the dean and chap- and to renew, ter of which he (hall be a member, and to and for every &c* foch parfon, vicar, or other incumbent with a confent of the patron or patrons of fuch parifh, to make one or more leafe or leafes of any of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

1 irtiich (hall be fo purchased, for any term of years not exceeding forty years from the time of making thereof, and to renew the fame from time to time in like manner, and for the like term of years; fo as that no lefs rent be referved to fuch dignitary or incumbent, or his or their fucceffors, out of fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fo to be purchased by fuch truftee or truftees, than was referved out of the houfes, buildings, or ground fo to be purchafed by the kid commiflioncr8 as aforefaid; and fo as that every fuch leafe and renewal be regiftered, in like manner as other the like leafes made by ecdefiaftical perfons ought to be regiftered.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&cd by the au- c parity aforefaid, That in all cafes, where any infant or in-	ol

fonts

Digitized by ^ooQle

JIO

A. D.

1767. Chap. 7.

infant tenant in tail, acknowledged and in rolled in chancery in 6 month*, effe&nal without fine or recovery, Slc,

With power to lay out in

government Securities till

purchase.

Receipts of truftce or guardian under hand and feal a fufficient dif-charge to commiflioners for pur chafe money.

Members

for Dublin commiflioners.

The feventh Tear ef George III. fonts under the age of twenty one years have or hath been er fhall be feized of or intitled unto an eftate tail in/any houfes, buildings, or ground, which have been or fhall be purchafed by the faid commiflioners as aforefaid, the conveyance by bargain and fale of fuch houfes, buildings, or groan!1 by the guardian or guardians of fuch infant or infants to the faid commiflioners, acknowledged by fuch guardian or guardians, and inrolled in the rolls office of his Ma-jefty’s high court of chancery in Ireland within fix months after the making thereof, fhall effeftually and abfolutely convey the fee Ample of fuch houfes, buildings, and ground, to the faid commiflioners and their fucceflor6 for ever, though no fine or recovery be levied or fuffered thereof; and that the money arifing from fuch fale fhall be paid by the faid commiflioners to fuch guardian or guardians ih truft (after deducing the cofts and expences as aforefaid) to be laid out in the purchafe of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to* fuch ufes as the premifles fo purchafed by the faid commifc-fioners do or fhall ftand limitted immediately before fuch bargain and fale to them.

IV.	Provided alfo, That until fuch purchafes can be conveniently made by fuch truftee or truftees, or by fuch guardian or guardians, or his or their executors or adminiftratorg re-fpeftively as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful for him, her, or them refpeftively to place out fuch purchafe money, or any part thereof, at intereft upon government fecun-ties, and to pay fuch intereft from time to time to fuch per-fon or perfons, as would have been entitled by virtue of this aft to the yearly profits thereof, in cafe it had been laid out in the purchafe of lands, tenements, or hereditaments.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the receipt or receipts of fuch truftees or truftee, guardians or guardian, or of the furvivors or furvivor of them, or of the heirs, executors, or adfminiftrators of fuch furvi-vor, under his and their hand and feal, or hands and feals refpeftively, fhall be from time to time a fufficient difeharge or fufficient difeharges to the faid commiflioners and their .fucceflbrs for fo much of the faid purchafe money, for which fuch receipt or receipts fhall be given ; and that after fuch receipt or receipts fhall be fo given, the faid commiflioners and their fucceflbrs be abfolutely acquitted and difeharged of and from the fame ; and that they or any of them fhall not be anfwerable or accountable either in law or equity for any lofs or damage for or by reafon of any mifapplication of the faid purchafe money, or any part thereof.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the members of Parliament for the city of Dublin, who now are or at any time hereafter may be, fhall at all times be commiflioners for carrying the laid afts into execution, with all

fuch

Digitized by v^ooQle

fementb JTeor of George III.	JU’

Afch powers as are given to aay commiffioncrs by aay pf A. D.

4kt laid a&s.	17^7 •

* VII. And be it farther ena&ed by the authority afore-

4aid, That this ad fliaD be declared and deemed a pub-	A publish jA

dkk ad, in like manner as the faid firft recited aft hath u *l * **

'been declared to be.

CHAP. VIII.

fk Afl to amend an Afl> made the lad Sejfion of Parliament fit the ere fling and eJtMJhing PubtUk Infirmaries or Hoffitalt in this Kingdom•

WHEREAS by the laid ad tenants for life are ira-

powered to make fee farm grants or leafes in	.t.

perpetuity of any quantity of ground not exceeding two c	’ **

acres for the purpofe of ereding a county infirmary or hof- «5 and i6G. |* aital, but no provifion is made by the faid ad to enable arch- c; 3 j*f* *• •Whops, bilhops, governors of charities, or other corporate 1 ^ ^ bodies, to make leafes in perpetuity for the fame purpofe which has prevented the ereding of infirmaries in feverai •places proper for them: be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by aad with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it kail and may be lawful for every archbifhop, bifhop, dignitary*

; prebendary, having lands belonging to Inch archbifhop, bi-	*

•(hop, dignitary, prebendary, near any town, and convenient i At the fite of any county infirmary, with the confent of hia dean and chapter under the common fell, and for the gover-; sore of any charity, being a corporate body, and tor all : other corporate bodies having lands fo fituated, to make leafes under their corporate feds in perpetuity and in rever-fion oo the expiration of any fubfifting leafe to the refpec-the governors of any county infirmary or hoipital, of any quantity of ground not exceeding two acres, or of one or more houfes contiguous with each other, at a reafonabje rent; which leafes the faid governors arc hertby impowered ' to take refpeftively for the erefting an infirmary or hofpi-tal for any county, and for converting fuch houfe or houfes into an infirmary or hofjpital for any county.

IL And whereas Thomas Wilkins furgeon, who ferved Thomas Wtk in the fUtion of mailer furgeon under the command of Clif- bint may be ton Wintringham, dire&or and pbyfidan general at the Ha- «!*&«dwrg«on* yannah, and difeharged his duty with ability, aifiduity, and integrity, (as the laid Clifton Wintringham certifies fqr bm) i now fettled, in the town q£ Qaiway. and hath*

Voi. V.	X	fi

Digitized by L.OOQ le

Phyficiati cer-tilled by the college of phy-fician*

, Truitecs foe Clare may ap-£ojftrany place within ymik* Jlw*.

Infirmary for Donegal at Lifford,

for King’s county atTal-lam ore.

John Murphy may be elected furgeon for Kerry, on / certificate of 'ihe^fhrgtori geT

The fiventh Year of George III. fine* the county infirmary was opened there, attendedgrktid,

and performed feveral operations as furgeon with great fifo-cefs, blit is prevented by the ftrift letter of the faid aft from being elefted furgeon to the faid infirmary or hofpital: be it ‘enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the governors and governeffes of the faid hofpital and infirmary, or of any . other hofpital or infirmary, may eleft, if they fhall think fit fo to do, the fjdd Thorpas Wilkins as furgeon to the faid county infirmary, or to any other hofpital or in-, firmary.

; III. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Tfat do perfon (hall be appointed phyfician to any county infirmary, who fhall not be examined and certified to be duly qualified under the feal of the King and Queen's college of phyficians in Ireland.

IV.	And whereas the truftees appointed for regulating the infirmary in the county of Clare, have not yet been able to obtain a proper frte for the faid infirmary, and it is apprehended, that no proper place can be found within the bounds prescribed by the faid aft : be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid truftecs to agree for and appoint any proper place for the fite of the faid infirmary within three miles of the town of Ennis, the fame being the affize town of the fidd county.

V.	And whereas by the faid aft, paffed the fed feffion, the infirmary for the county of Donegal was direfted to be

’ erefted or effabliflied in the town of Letterkenny, which has been found an inconvenient fituation ; and the infirmary of * the King's county was eflablifhed at Philipftown, which has alfo been found an inconvenient fituation: be it enafted by ' the authority aforefaid, That the infirmary or hofpital for the faid county of Donegal may be erefted or eftaWifhed in the town of Lifford, being the county town, and more ' central' and convenient to the bell inhabited part of the find county'; and that the infirmary of the King's county may be erefted and eftabliftied at Tulkmore, being a more healthy fituation.

VI.	And whereas John Murphy of the town of Trike in the county of Kerry furgeon, ferved feveral years on board

1 his Majefty*8 fleet, and is from long experience and prac-, tice the fitted and mod able in tire faid county to attend and take care of the infirmary and hofpital, now erefted or hereafter to be erefted and eftablifhed in the faid town of Tralee and county aforefaid, purfuant to the faid aft: and i ; whereas the governors and governeffes thereof, as well as I thef body of the faid county, are unanimoufly defirous to i •appoint the*faid' John Murphy to be attending furgeon fo

**	.	*	/	the

Digitized by

Google

But

fovettb TenrofOtorgfi IIJ, infirmary, but ait difabled from doing fo by tbe letter of the faid ad i be it ena&ed bv the authority Jforefaid, That the governors and governefles of the faid trfrmaiy may eled, if they (hall think fit fo to do, the faid .John Morphy as furgeon to the* faid county infirmary, he tooducing a certificate from the fuigeon general in thil kingdom, and of two other able furgeons, to be appointed Wf the faid furgeon general of his the faid John Murphy’s htbflity and (kill in furgery. If the faid governors and go-Vernefles of the faid infirmary (hall require the fame : any tting in the laid ad contained to the contrary notwith-Sanding.

VII. Provided always. That the faid John Morphy, if fo ..	.

%leded, (hall and may be removable from the faid office in	*

Her as is preferibed by the laid ad.

CHAP. IX.

'An AS for explaining and amending an ASy paffed m tbe fecond Tear of Hu Majefty King George tbe Firjft (entitled. An AS fat tbe Real Union and Divifion of Partjbei) and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an ad p&fled in the fecond year of Amends*

the reign of King George the firft, for tbe real i* O. j. c. 17^ muon and divifion of farifhes% it is enaded. That it (hall be IQ* lawful for the chief governor or governors, and the major

St of the privy council of this kingdom, fix at lead con-ting, and with the approbation of the archbi(hop of the province and the bi(hop of the diocef9, certified under their bands and archiepifcopal and cpifcopal feals, and with the content of the patrons and incumbents, certified under their hands and feals, attefted by two credible witneffes fubferibing thereunto, to divide old parifhes, and to feparate any parifh, or part of a parifh of late united, and to ered fuch divided pari(hes into new parifhes with all parochial rights: and whereas feveral large parifiies, which ought to be divided, have had glebe houfes and other improvements made thereon, for which the incumbents have obtained, or are intitled to obtain certificates, and receive payment of a certain proportion of the money expended in building fuch houfes, or making fuch improvements, according to the laws now m being for that purpofe made; provided, that the whole fum to be certified (hall not exceed two years income of the benefice, on which fuch buildings and improvements fhall be ere&ed and made: and whereas it may be expedient to divide fome large parifhes, where houfes have been built, or other improvements made, for which certificates have been X %	obtained

Digitized by v^ooQle

Incumbent of hfge pjulih

*Tbe feventh Year if George III. obtained or payment* made by the incumbent, and it wouH be unjuft to deprive the incumbent of the right, which he may have to be repaid fuch part of the money expended in* fuch buildings or improvements, or the payments by him of that account made, purfuant to the laws now in being far the encouragement of building houfes and making iropro»6* ments on glebe lands belonging to the clergy : be it tna&ei by the King’s mo ft excellent Majefty, by and with the adyl vice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and coq^ mans in this prefent Parliament affemblcd, and by the Wr thority of the fame, That where any large parifhes (hall tjr1 divided in manner as in the faid ad mentioned, and that toe; divided, intitled incumbent of fuch divided parifhes (hall be intitled to receiiy fucceffor* an^ ^um money fro 171 his next fucceflor in fuch parifh* 1$ j no^v^fioo Slc ca^e ^amc ^ad not ^cen divided, on account of any built 9	* ings or improvements made on the glebe of fuch parifh, or

any money paid by him to his predeceflor on fuch account, 'fuch incumbent (hall have and be entitled to Teceivc from h(t next fucceflor in that part of fuch divided parifh, on whicl fuch buildings and improvements (hall have been made, as if the faid parifh had not been divided, although the fom fo to be paid fhould exceed one year and a half of the income of v	that part of the parifh: and fuch incumbent, having pad

fnch proportion of the faid money, fhaH be intitled to recehe fuch proportion of the money fo to be paid from his fucceffors according to the laws now in being for that purpofe, k fuch manner as he ought, in cafe fuch parifh had not beet divided.

II.	And whereas by fevcral ads of Parliament the confent of the incumbent or minifter, the church-wardens, and licenfed minifter proteflant parifhioners in veftry aflembled, is required to be *? ^ *^cncc had for the feveral purpofes in fuch ads mentioned: and bent effeduad wbeiras the incumbents or minifters may often through ra-*	*	firmities or other caufes be abfent, and not attend at fuch

veftries; and a doubt may arife, whether the confent of the curate afliftant, or other h’canfed minifter, who fhall be pie-. fent at fuch veftry, and officiate thereat in the place and ftcad of fuch incumbent, is fuffident within the intent and meaning of the faid ads: be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes where the confent of the incum-, bent or minifter, church-wardens and proteflant inhabitants, in veftry afTembled, or the major part of them, is or (hall . be required by any law heretofore made, or that fliall hereafter be made, in the abfence of the incumbent where fuch vef. try has been held, or fhall be held, by the curate afliftant, or other licenfed minifter, who fhall officiate, and hold fuch veftry, in the place and ftead of fuch abfent incura-bent, fuch ads o£ veftry fhall b£ as good and effectual in

law,

Ads of veftry held by

Digitized by UooQle

The feventb Tear •/ George HI.

Saw, as if the incumbent had been prefent at fuch aft of Wfby.

III. And whereas bjr one other ad pa fled, in this king dom in the twelfth year of the reign of bis faid late Majcfty

3*5

A. D.

17 67-

Chap. 9.

King George the firft, entitled, An e£t to encourage building ^c‘*	*•	,0*

tf bafts, and making other improvements on church lands, and to lo /$/ j prevent dilapidations, it is amongfl other things enaded. That C. Governors It (hall and may be lawful for the chief governor or gover- ?n<l biflloP* "»*y nors of this kingdom, and for every archbilhop and bifhop jefpe&ivdy, to grant any commiflion to tivo or more per- improvement* . ions to view and examine the houfes and improvements made on church-land* ho church lands, to be made by virtue of this or the former purfamt *0 aft, and to adminifter an oath to the commiflioners fo to be ^ * ** l0* appointed to return a faithful account and efliraate of the ' fnd buildings and improvements according to the beft of their fkill and knowledge: and whereas the ufual pra&ice has been to infert a claufe in fuch commiflions, authorizing iperfon or perfons therein named to adminifter fuch oath tq {ach commiflioners; and a doubt has a rifen, whether fuel} aaths, adminiflered by the perfons fo authorized by the fed commiflions, can be or have been duly and legally admir niftered by virtue of the (aid ad : to remove which doubt, be jt enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may he lawful for the chief governor pr governors of this kingdom, and for every arebbifhop and bifhop refpedively, to authorize and impower one or more perfons to be named iq inch commiflions, or any one of them, to adminifter foch oath as in and by the (aid ad is required, to the commiflioners fo to be appointed ; and all fuch oaths a*

Hull be fo adminiflered* and alfo fuch oaths as have beeq heretofore adminiflered by any perfons heretofore authorized and appointed by any fuch commiflion, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be and to have been duly adminif* yard.

IV.	And whereas it is further provided by the faid Ita-tute. That where any archbifhop, bifhop, or other eedefir a&ical perfon, (hall demand payment for any buildings or other improvements by virtue of any certificate granted, that upon complaint of the fucceflors of dilapidations in the houfes, out-houfes, or improvements, a commiflion (hall be granted in the manner and with the powers before mentioned, and the commiflioners (ball return a juft report of the fame to the chief governor or governors, archbifhop or f>iihop, refpe&ively, who upon hearing the alligations of each party (hall afeertain fuch fum9, as |hey (hall judge rea-(onable to be allowed for fuch dilapidations: and whereas the (aid provifion extends only to the cafes, where the perfon,

• * 0 has obtained fuch certificate, fuffers fuch dilapidations;

Vroild contribute much to the prefemtion of the

building!

Dilapidate

Digitized by LjOOQle

Ybi fevtnth T$ar tf George III.

balding* and other improvements on demefne lands and the glebes of the clergy, if the faid provifions were extended to all cafes, where any archbishop, bifhop, or other ecdefiafti* cal perfon, (hall have a right to charge his fucceffors by virtue of the faid aft, or any' former aft, with the payment of any money on account of any payments made by him to hi* nredeceffors, for building* or other improvements, certified as i* before mentioned: be it enafted by the authority SapidaUoMby a^ore^IL^’ That upon any complaint made of dilapidation* fbcceffor, to the {aid chief governor or governors, or any arch bifhop, chargeable with or bifhop, by the fucceffor chargeable with fuch payment* to it (hall and may be lawful for the faid chief governor or Sch^ommiffi- governor*, or fuch archbifhop or bifhop, to ifliie fuch com-cm as in is million or commiffion* with fuch powers and authorities, as G. i. io fee. 9. in the faid aft are mentioned ; and upon the return of fuel} may iffue, &c. commiffion* and hearing the alligations of each party, 40 ascertain fuch fum as they (hall adjudge reafonable to be allow* v	ed for fuch dilapidations ; which (hall be deducted out of

the fum payable by fuch fucceffor, and fhall by them be laid out in repairing fuch buildings and improvements, as jn and by the faid former aft is direfted.

The irchbi- V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid^ {hep in cafe of That in all cafes whatfoever, where any bifhop or other eeder a bifhop, &c.	fiaftical perfon fhall fuffer any dilapidations in the	building*

million U*nd aft	or “aprovcmcnt* on their demefne or glebe lands,	it fhall be

certain Vaxna	lawful for the archbifhop of the province in the	cafe of ft

for repair of	bifhop, or for the bifhop in the cafe of any other ecclefia£»

dilapidation, tical perfon in his diocefe, to iffue fuch commiffiona, with fuck powers and authorities, and to afeertain fuch fums, as (hall be judged reafonable to be expended or allowed for the repair of fuch dilapidations, in fuch manner as is preferibed by the faid aft, and to enforce the payment of fuch fums,' as fhaU be fb afeertained, in fuch manner, as by the laws now in being the fums adjudged to be paid or allowed for dilapidate are recoverable*



Digitized by

The /event h Tear of GccJrgc III.

CHAP. X.

An A8 to explain and amend an Aft, entitled, an AS for re* pairing the Roads, leading from th^ City of Cork through MiH-ftreet to Shannab Mill in the County of Kerry, and from Shannab Mill to Killarny, as alfo from Shannab Mill through Cqftle-i/land to Liftowell in the faid County ; and for laying an additional Loll at all Turnpikes, m tins Kingdom on all Cars and Carriages making uft of any Part of any Sapling or Trees as or for a Bow or Back Band, or malting ufr of any Sapling twifted into Gads for Bash Bands, Halters, Traces to draw by, or Gads commonly called long Gads*	~	•

WHEREAS by an a ft palled in the twenty firft year at O. a. ij.

of the reign of his late Majefty King George the 1^eCiU^* fccond, entitled, An aS for repairing the roads, loading from the city of Cork through Milhfrect to Shannab mill in the county of Kerry, and from Shannab mill to Killamey, as alfo from Shastnah mill through CajUe-tfland to Liftowell, in the faid county, andfor other puspofes therein mentioned, Aghanebee is declared to be the bounds of the liberties of the city of Cork s. and whereas eleven or more of the truflees by the (aid aft nominated and appointed, or fuch perfon or peribni as they * or any eleven or more of them (hall authorize and appoint, are thereby empowered to ereft or cauic to be crefted one j or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, toll hoijfeor toll-houfes, in, upon, or acrofs any part or paits of faid* highways or roads, and alio a toll houfe and turnpike to he ere&ed and fixed at Aghinebee aforefaid, not to be fet up or erefted within the liberties of the city of Cork, but without the fame, there to remain during the continuance of the faid aft: and whereas John Morphy, in the faid aft mentioned, did under the authority and appointment of the faid truflees in purfuance of the aft aforefaid ereft in the year one thouland feven hundred and forty eight a toll houfe and turnpike gate on the north well tide of Aghanebec aforefaid, aud hath continued until very lately in the quiet and uninterrupted poffelhoa of the faid* toll houfe and turnpike gate : and whereas fome doubt% have lately arifrn, and are now conceived, whether, the hounds of the liberties of the city of Cork may not ex-, tend to fome fmall diflance farther than Aghanebee afore*

(aid: and whereas the faid John Morphy hath expended a eonfiderable fum of money (more than the tolls are fufficient toreimburfe him) in difeharge of the expenoe incurred in abtaioingthe (aid aft, and in executing the faid hazardous	'

ftpd difficult undertaking, conducted through a long traft

Digitized by

3*1

A. D.

*7«7-

Chap. 10.

at o a. 13. in force during rcfiduc of the term, fkve at hereby altered.

Turnpike at

Aghanebee a lawful turnpike.

But no gate between it and Cork*

Turnpike at Millflrect, and like tolL

*j Truftee* may aft inftead

Thi fe*vtntb Tear of George Til. of mountainous country : be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the feme, • That the faid recited aft, and all and every the powers and authorities, articles, rules, penalties, and daufes therein contained (except fo much thereof as is hereby altered) (hall he of full force and effeft, and (hall continue to be executed during the remainder of the term in the faid aft mentioned, as if the fame powers and authorities, granted and given by the laid aft, were herein again repeated and re-cnafted ia the body of this prefent aft 5 any thing in the laid former aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And he it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid toll houfe and turnpike gate, fo erefted by the faid John Morphy at Aghanebee aforefaid, (hall be deemed and confidered as a lawful toll houfe and turnpike gate erefted purfuant to the appointment of the truftces of the faid aft, and conftrued fo to be, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid aft, whether the hounds of the liberties of the city of Cork (hall appear to be at Aghanebee aforefaid, or to extend fomewhat farther ; any thing in the faid aft to the contrary notwithflanding.

III.	Provided neverthelefs, That no toll honfe or turnpike gate (hall he erefted in, acrofs, or on the fide of the faid road between Aghanebee aforefaid and the faid city of Cork.

IV.	And whereas the faid road, fo undertaken and made by the faid John Morphy, is of great extent, being upwards of fifty-fix miles ; and it being found by experience that the tolls now paid will not produce a fund fufficient for amending and keeping the faid road in proper repair; be it farther enafted by the authority aforefaid, That a toll houfe, turnpike gate, and fide gates, (hall be erefted at Mill-ftreet aforefaid, and there at the faid gate and fide gates fo to be erefted, the like tolls (hall be received and taken, and in fuch manner (hall be levied, applied, and dif-p<jfed of, as in and by the faid former aft is mentioned and direfted, over and above the tolls mentioned in the (aid recited aft, any thing therein contained to the contrary not* withftanding.

V.	And whereas by the faid recited aft it is made ne-ceflary, that eleven truftces afc the lead fhould meet for the jfcirpofes of elefting new truftces, and of auditing arid ftai* irig the feveral and refpeftive accounts of the (aid John Morphy, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, and all and every the jeqeiver or receivers of thev feveral tolls and dhties paid by the laid aft: and whereas it is found difficult

*

Digitized by

Gc ;le

The ftventb Tear of George III.	32^

tofcftemble filch a number: be it enaded by the authority, A* D.

aforeiaid, That (even truftees (hall be a fufhcient number ;	1761.

and that from and after the firll day of May, ont thou land L-«— feven hundred and fixty-eight, feven truftees (hall be veiled °* 1 * M with the fame powers, and their a&s (hall be as valid and ^	***

binding, as the a&s of the laid eleven are at prefent under the laid recited a cl, any thing therein contained to the con* trary notwithilanding.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- ApublickUL laid, That this preient ad (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a publick ad, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, j 11 dices, and ail other per-fons whatfoever without fpccially pleading the fame.

CHAP. XL

An A3 for mating and repairing the Road from the Town of Lijlowell in the County of Kerry through the Lands of Lif totoely Drumin, Skebanireen^ Bunegarah, Killmeany, Cur-ragbphohgt Knockemsre, Lijfcmjky, and Binanafpig9 in the County of Kerry ; Atea9 Taumpleailea> G’anagour, Knock-fniflty Catrigkeery, Glcmdujf, Glaunafiare9 Ba\lylyne9 Ar~ dagh *Commons, Ardagh Town^ Lr/bilkert, otherwife Li)b 'f rten9 Skebana, Killfcannell9 ajid Reens, in the County of LU merick9 ending at the Forge on the faid I^ands of Reens9 ai the Turn of the Road leading to Nenvccylic from Ratbkcale in the faid County of Limerick.

WHEREAS the highway or road leading from the Tolbcaor!-town or Liftowell in the county of Kerry through DUed 81 ye*rs the Lands of Liftowell, Drumin, Skehanireen, Bunegar-*rom rah, Killmeany, Curraghpholig, Knockenurc, Liffiniflcy, l4 j. ^I# and Brinanafpig, in the county of Kerry, Atea, Taum- f. x. pleatlea, Glanagour, Knockhnilk, Carrigkeery, GlandufF,

Glaunaftate, Bally line, Ardagh commons, Ardagh town,

Liihillecn, othenvife Liihireen, Skehana, Killlcannell, and Reens, in the county of Limerick, ending at the forge on the faid lands of Reen, at the turn of the road leading to Newcaftle from Rathkeale in the faid county of Limcnck, by reafon of the feveral hollow ways and the many and heavy carriages frequently palling through the fame are become fo ruinous and bad, that in the winter fcafon many parts thereof are impaftable for waggon% carts, cars, and carriages, and very dangerous for travellers, and cannot by the ordinary courie appointed by the laws and fhmtes of this realm be effe&ually amended and kept in good and fufneient repair: wherefore, and to the intent that the faid highway* ami roads may with convenient fpeed be effe&ually amended, fad. hereafter kept in good and fuScient repair, fb that all

Digitized by UooQ Le

Trufteet

Ttmpiket cre&cd, and tolls taken, dec. as herein.

The feutnth Tear §f George IIL perfons may travel through the fame with fafety, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That for the better ordering, amending, and keeping in repair, the faid highway or road, it (hall be in the power of the right honourable Francis Thomas earl of Kerry, the right Honourable William earl of Shelburne, the right honourable John earl of Wandesford, the right honourable Thomas lord baron Southwell, the right honourable William lord baron of Branden, right honourable George lord baron of Carbery, right reverend-James bifhop of Limerick, honourable Thomas Fitzmaurice, honourable Thomas Southwell, honourable John Crofbie, honourable and reverend Maurice Crofbie, fir Robert Deane baronet, Lancelot Crofbie efquire, Maurice Fitzgerald ef-quire, Robert Fitzgerald efquire, Barry Denny efquire, Edward Denny efquire, Maurice Copinger efquire, Rowland Bateman efquire, Anthony Stoughton efquire, Pierce Crof-bie efquire, Francis Crofbie efquire, Thomas Mullins efquire, James Ponfonby efquire, Richard Chute efquire, William Gun of Rattoo efquire, George Gun efquire, Jam<* Raymond efquire, reverend John Day, reverend Henry Gun, reverend Edward Day, John Hewfon efquire, reverend Francis Hewfon, Colthurft Bateman efquire, Richard Morris efquire, Thomas Rice Stephen efquire, Samuel Morris efquire, George Morris efquire, John Sandes efquire, An-felm Taylor efquire, reverend Chriftopher Julian, William Gun of Kilmeany efquire, Robert Gregory efquire, Francis Meade gentleman, James Shewell, Silver Oliver efquire, reverend John Oliver, John Browne efquire, Widenham Quin efquire, John Mafley efquire, Maurice Studdert efquire, John White efquire, George Rofe efquire, William Talbot the elder, William Talbot the younger, Edward Taylor efquire, Robert Hewfon efquire, reverend Henry Collis, Richard Yielding of Rathkeale efquire, James Weir gentleman, who are hereby nominated and appointed truftees for the faid road, and the furvivors of them, or any five or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as they or any five or more of them (hall authorize and appoint, to ere&, or caufe to be cre&ed one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, orcrofs, any part or parts of the faid highway and road, and alfo a toll houfe or toll houfes, and there to receive the tolls and duties following, before any horfe, mare, or gelding, afs or mule, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calafli, chaife, or chair, waggon, wain, cart, carr, or other carriage, (hall be permitted to pafs through the fame, (that is to fay) for every coach, berlin, chariot, ca-

laibf

Digitized by v^ooQle

The feveutb Tear ef George III. hlh, chaife, or chair, drawn by fix horfes, geldings, or mares, the fura of one (hilling and lixponce; and for every coach, berlio, chariot, calaih, chaife or chair, drawn by any leffer number of horfes, geldings, or marcs, than fix, and more than two, one (hilling; for every coach, beriin, chariot, calaih, chaife, or chair, drawn with two horfes, geldings, or mares, four pence; for every waggon, wain, or earn, with two wheels, drawn by more than two horfes, mares, geldings, or oxen, the fum of two (hillings and fix* pence; for every cart, waggon, or carr, drawn with two horfes, gelding:, or mares, the inn* of four pence ; for every carriage, commonly called a chair or chaife, with one horfe, mare, or gelding, the fum of three pence; for every carr, or other carriage, drawn but by one horfe, mare, gelding, mole or or, the fum of two pence (excepting carrs and horfes laden with turf;) for every other horfe, mare, geld-iag, mule or afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, one penny half penny ; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the fum of one (hilling and eight pence per fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefTcr number ; for every drove of calves, hoggs, (beep, or lambs, the fum of five pence per fcore, and To in proportion for any greater or leffer number; which faid refpe&ive fum or fums of money (hall be demanded and taken in the name of or as a toll or duty; and the money fo to be nifed as aforpfaid is and (hall be hereby veiled in the faid truilces j and the (ame, and every traiUcs, fit. part thereof, (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of, and af-figned to and for the feveral ufes, intents, and purpofes, and in fuch manner, as is herein after mentioned and directed; and the faid truftces, or any five or more of them, may hereby be impowered by thcmfclves, or any perlbn or perfons by them, or any five or more pf them, under their bands and feals thereunto authorized, to levy the toll or duty hereby required to be paid upon any perfon or perfons, who (hall after demand made thereof neglect or refufe to pay the fame, by diftrefs of any horfe or horfes, or other cattle or £oods, upon which fuch toll or duty is by this act to be impofed, or upon any of the good* and chatties of fuch perfon or perfons who ought to pay the fame, a id may detain and keep the fame, till fuch toil or duty w'tii the rea-fonablecharges of fuchdidraining or keeping (lull be paid; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons fo difiraining, after the fp ice of five days from the time that fuch diftrefs is made and taken, to fell the goods diftrained, returning the overplus (if any be) upon demand to the owner thereof, after fuch toil, d^cy, or reafonjh ble charges for	34d	keeping ;he lame lhall be

paid.

11. AM

Toll veted is

Digitized by

Exp€fKes.firft paid, then to repair the road.

Ticket* delivered attach gate.

'P'Anieting paflTage to avoid toll, penalty to*.

Side gate*, *c.

The fwenth Tear of George 1 fl#

II.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That out of the firft money arifing from the profits of the fcveral turnpikes to be erefted by virtue of this aft the faid truf* tees, or any five or more of them, (hall firft pay and discharge the expencc of procuring this aft, and erefting fuch turnpikes, and building fuch toll houfe or toll houfes; and from and after fuch charges and expences (hall be fully Satisfied and paid, that then and from thenceforth the profits arifing, aud the money to be collefted at any turnpike of turnpikes to be erefted and fet up on the faid road, leading from the town of Liftowell in the county of Kerry through the faid lands to the town of Ardagh in the county of Limerick, and from thence to the town of Rathkeale aforefaid in the faid county of Limerick, (hall be applied for and towards the repair of the (aid road.

III.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That each and every gate keeper on the faid road (hall deliver written or printed ticket or tickets, exprefling the day of the month, the refpeftive tolls or duties that (hall be paid to him by any perfon or perfons purfuant to this aft \ which ticket or tickets (hall be taken and accepted of^at all and every other gate on the faid road, and (hall remain in force for the fame day in paffing and repafiing the (aid feyeral gates.

IV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfori or perfons whatfoever owning, renting, or oc-cupying any land near unto any turnpike to be erefted in purfuance of this aft (hall for gain, reward, or otherwiic permit any perfon or perfons whatfoever to pafs through any gate, paffage, or way, with any coach or carriage whatfoever, horfe, horfeman, mare, afs, mvile, or any fort of cattle, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and (hall be thereof convifted upon the oatfy of one or more witnefs or witneffes before the faid truftees, any five or more of them, who are hereby empowered to adminifter fuch oath, or before any one juftice of the peace of the county where fuch offence is committed, fuch perfon ©r perfons (hall forfeit and pay to the faid tru^ees, authorized to put the faid aft in force, the fum of ten (hillings, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice of the peace", or under the hands and feals of the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, rendering the overplus (if any there be) the charges in taking and difpofi^g of the faid goods being firft dedufted.

V.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any five or mfrre of them, or for any perfon or perfons by them authorized, to ereft or caufe to be etefted one or more gate or

gates,

Digitized by

Google

7be fenxnth Yemr ef George III. gates, turnpike or turnpikes, on the fide of the fiud high-way or road acrofs any lane, or way leading out of the (aid load, and to build one or more toll houfe or toll houfcs, to take and receive the tolls and duties payable hereby ; fo as the fame do not amount to a double charge m cafe of paf-fiug the fame day through any of the other turnpikes fo crofted by virtue of this a£t.

VI.	And be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid. That the fa*d truftees, or any five or more of them, may at their cUA icceiw^ firft or any fubfequent meeting by writing under their hands fupervifon, and feals ele& and appoint one or more collector or collcc- M hcreiok tors, receiver or receivers, of the (aid tolls, and alfo one or more fit perfon or perfons to be fupervifor or fupervifors clerk of the faid road, and treafurer, to fee the condition of the faid road, and to fee the fame be repaired and amended, and to receive the fums collected by the feveral gate keepers, and to account with the faid truftees as often as thereunto required, with full power to the fiud truftees, or any five or more of them, to remove fuch collector or collectors, fupervifor or fupervifors, clerk, or treafurer, or any or either of them, as they (hall fee occafion, and appoint new ones in cafe of death or of fuch removal; which faid receiver or leceivers, collector or collectors, are at lead once in every month, or oftener if required, to give in to the faid truftees •n oath, to be by the faid truftees or any five or more of them, adminiftered, and who have hereby ^ower to adminif-ter fuch oath, a perfect and true account m writing, under their refpe&ive hands of all money, which he and they, and every and any of them, or any perfon employed by them or any of them, (hall to fuch time have paid, received, and difbuifed by reafon of their feveral offices, and to pay over to the faid truftees, their order, or treafurer, what furplus (hall remain in his or their hands at the time of delivering in fuch account, which fum (hall be diftmrfed and laid out, or fo much thereof as (hall be neceflary, in amending the faid highway or road ; and that the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, to whom fuch account (hall be given, (hall and may out of the money arifing out of fuch toll or duty make fuch allowance to the faid receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, funreyor and furveyors, clerk, and treafurer, for and in confideration of his and their care and trouble refpeCtively taken in the execution of his and their office and offices, and to fuch other perfon and perfons, who have been or (hall be afiilling in and about procuring the faid highways and road to be amended and repaired by advancing and laying out any money, or otberwife relating thereunto, as to them (ball feem good: fo as fuch allow-jinees to fitch coile&or or collectors do not annually exceed

twenty

< TrnffMtte

Digitized by v^ooQle

Allowance to colte&ort, fur* veyon, ftc. as hcitio.

Materials

by 5 trulteesy ft c.

7Af jeuonth Year of George Itl. twenty pounds a year; and to fuch furreyor or fyrrejort any fum not exceeding two (hillings a day, during fuch time as he or they (hall be To employed in repairing the laid road; and fo as fuch allowance to fuch clerk or treafurer fhall not exceed thirty pounds a year ; and in cafe the faid receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, (hall not make fuch account and payment a6 aforefaid according to the direttiod of the laid trudees as aforefaid, on fuch and every, fuch default and conviction thereof before the faid trudees, or before any judice of the peace of the county where fuch offence is committed, fuch offender fhall be committed to the common gaol of the county, where fuch offence is committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize until he or they (hall have made true and perfed account and payment as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, railed in neigh- That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the furveyor or b^ouring^vatte,	an(j	fuch perfon or perfons as he and they fhall

&c. and paving appoint, to dig, raife, gather, take, and carry away any *• adjudged . gravel, furze, fand, dones, or other materials out of any . wade or commons of any parifh, town, village, or hamlet, in or near where founderous or ruinous places of the faid highway or road do lie; and for the want of fufficient gravel, furze, fand, dones, and other materials there to dig, -gather, raife, take, and carry away the fame out of any wade or common of any neighbouring parifh, town, village or hamlet without paying any thing for the fame; and where there is not fufficient of any fuch materials ia any common or wade ground adjoining, it (hall then be lawful for them by order of the faid trudees, or any five or more of them, to dig, raife, and gather the fame in the fe-veral grounds of any perfon or perfons, not being a garden, orchard, yard, or meadow, planted walk, or avenue to a hdufe, where fuch materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry fuch and fo much thereof, as the faid furveyor or furveyors (hall adjudge neceffary for making, amending, and repairing the faid highway or road, paying fuch rates for fuch materials to the owner or occupier of the ground, from whence the fame (hall be digged, raffed, and carried away, as the (aid trudees fo appointed, or any five of them, (hall adjudge reafonable ; and in cafe of any difference between luch owner and occupier and the faid truf-tees the (heriff of the faid county, where fuch materials are digged and carried away, (hall fummon a jury of twelve freeholders of the faid county to appear before the faid trudees at the day and at the place, they (hall appoint, who (hall be fworn, and (hall on evidence offered by the parties finally adjudge and affefs the fame*

VIII. Aid

Digitized by

Google

Th fevenib Tear #/ George III*	33f

* Vin. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That AD.

it (hall and may be lawful for the faid furveyor and furveyors, 1767. and fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint, from time Chap. 11. to time to remove and prevent annoyances on any part of V—*~>rm***J the faid highway or road by filth, dung, water-courfes, or °n drains, running into the (aid road, and to deanfe ditches, ^J^cefthe water-courfes, and to lop hedges, trees and bufhes growing chug* levied* on the faid high road, and to take and carry away the fame, the owner or occupier negle&ing to cut down fuch trees or bnlhes, or to remove fuch other annoyances, for the fpace of ten days after notice in writing given for that pur-pofe under the hands of five of the faid truftees: the charge thereof to be reimburfed the faid furveyor or furveyors by fuch occupier or occupiers negle&ing to cut down the faid trees and bufhes, and removing the faid annoyances as aforefaicL

IX.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That______Surveyors W

it (hall and may be lawful, to and for the faid furveyor or

furveyors by order of the faid truftees, or any five or caufcways, more of them, to make or caufe to be made caufeways, drain*, Ac* and to cut and make drains, through any grounds lying “ hweia. contiguous to the faid road; and to ere& arches of ftone, brick, or timber thereon ; and alfo to widen any of the narrow parts of the faid road by laying into the faid road any parts of the adjacent ground, as they (hall judge pro* per; and to caufe ditches and drains to be raifed and made, where the faid truftees, or any five of them, (hall judge proper for the better making, mending, and repairing the (aid road; and if any owner or occupier of any water courfe, ditch, or ditches, adjoining to the faid highway,

(hall refufc to fcour or deanfe the fame, fuch furveyor or furveyors (hall, after tea days notice (hall be given for that purpofc by fuch furveyor or furveyors to fuch owner or owners, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the furveyor and furveyors, to fet any man or men at work to fcour, deanfe, and make the fame, and by warrants in writing under the hands and feals of any five or more of the (aid truftees to levy the charge thereof upon the perfons, goods, or eftates of the owner or occupier of fuch water courfe, ditch, or ditches, by diftrefs and fale of his, her, or their goods and chatties, returning the overplus, if any, to the faid owner or occupier after all charges paid.

X.	And whereas the faid high road, leading from the 1* Truftees town of Liftowell aforefaid to the town of Ardagh, and from

thence to and towards the town of Rathkeale, may be con- ^	*

fiderably (hortened and made much more convenient for travellers, if the fame was carried ftraight and in a diretf line, where the fame is now crooked; lor remedy whereof, and

that

Digitized by t^ooQle

7be fwentb Tear ef George ftt.

A. D.	that all juft and reasonable fatisfa&ion for the land made life

1767.	of in carrying fuch road ftraight, where it interferes wif&

Chap. 11.	any inclofure, or that any occupier or occupiers of lands Sa

or may be aggrieved or injured thereby, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any eleven or more of them, to -	afcertain, dcfcribe, and fet apart fuch part or proportion of

the land adjoining or contiguous to the faid highway or road, or which otherwife lies mod convenient for carrying on the laid road or highway ftraight and in dired lines, M the faid truftees, or any eleven or more of them, (hall judge neceflary for the purpofe aforefaid; who are alfo hereby empowered to treat and agree with the owners and perfons interefted in the faid ground for fuch recompence and fatis-fiadion to be made for the fame out of the tolls and duties to arife out of the faid road, as the faid truftees, or any eleven or more of them, (hall think fit and reasonable ; and in cafe of a difagreement, and that fuch perfon or perfons cannot through difability by nonage, overture, or limitation in any fettlement, or by reafon of any other impediment, or however refufes or refufe to difpofe of his, her, or thear intereft in fuch land, as the fold truftees or any eleven or more of them, (hall think convenient for (hortening- the faid road, that the faid truftees or any eleven or more of them, (hall by the faid ad be authorized and empowered to iffue forth their warrant or warrants to the fheriff of the county, where fuch ground lies, to impanel and return before the faid truftees, or any eleven or more of them, at fuch time and place within the faid county, as (hall be appointed in fuch warrant or warrants, a fufficient jury, who on their oaths, which oath the truftees are hereby empowered and direded to adminifter, (hall enquire into the true and real value of fuch ground to be made life of for the faid highway ; and that fuch verdid and inquifition, as (hall be ib found and returned by the faid jury afcertaining the value of fuch ground, (hall be final and conclufive to all parties.

ia truftees	XI. And forafmuch as the money * to be collcdcd by fuch

may borrow receipt of the faid tolls will not be fufficient for making or on mortgage 'repairingthe faid road in any reafonable time: be k enad-the toll, Ac. by the authority aforefaid, That the faid truftees, or any twelve or more of them, (hall, or may, and (hall be hereby empowered, from time to time by writing under their hands and feals to affign over in mortgage the faid tolls or duties hereby granted, or any part thereof, for any term or time during the continuance of this ad as a fecurity for any fum or fums of money, by them to be borrowed for that ' purpofe, to the perfon or perfons or his or their truftees, who-(hall 'advance and lend the fame, to fecure -the-repay *	Bient

Digitized by

Google

Tbi frventb Tear •/ George III.	337

mcnt thereof with lawful intereft, or lefs if the fame can be A. D. had 5 which faid money to be borrowed (hall be applied and >767. difpofed of to amend and repair the (aid road, and to build Chap. 11. bridges where neceffary, and for no other purpofe.	^

XII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Warrants it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid truftees, or by 5 truftees any five or more of them, from time to time during the to trcafuier to continuance of this a ft to1 make out warrants or orders in intereft. writing under their hands direfted to the treafurer or receiver of the faid tolls, requiring him to pay thereout to the

perfon or perfons mentioned in fuch warrant or order the growing intereft of the fum mentioned in fuch order, as the fame (hall from time to time become and grow due, until the principal in fuch order mentioned (hall be difeharged in one entire payment: provided fuch warrant to be iflued to fuch treafurer does not exceed forty pounds.

XIII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Transferable all perfon and perfons, to whom fuch warrant or order (hall indoifemout. be given, his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators,

may by indorfements on fuch warrants or orders transfer their right and benefit of the fum mentioned in fuch older or warrant; which indorfements upon notice to the treafurer or receiver of the faid tolls, and an entry and memorandum made therof in a book to be kept for that purpofe, which book the faid treafurer or receiver is to make without charge, fee, or reward, and which (hall be always upon requeft open for rnfpeftion without fee or reward, (hall entitle the endorfee, his or her executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, to the foie benefit of the fum fo transferred or afligned; and that the faid warrant or order may in like manner be afligned or transferred by fuch aflignee, his or her executors or adminiftrators, and fo totia quoties.

XIV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Orders num-That the treafurer or receiver of the fiud toils (hall arith- bered. metically number all the warrants or orders, that (hall be

given out for the purpofes aforefaid.

XV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Toll* applied

That the feveral tolls and duties to be made payable by this to p y mccreft aft (hall be applied and	paid to the difoharge of the intereft	iumsbonow-

of fo much money, as	(hall be borrowed as aforefaid, and c *

towards repairing anchmaking the faid road; and that the

furplus, if any, (hall be applied in difeharge of the principal fum or fums to be borrowed in fuch proportion and in fuch manner, as the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall direft and appoint.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the autho- T<>!U n.’yat ritfy aforefaid, TTiat in cafe there be more than one turnpike T-;f^e

or gate in, crofs, or on	the fide of the faid road, no perfon

or perfons, having paid	the faid toll or duty as herein briVe

Vou V.	Y	directed

Giver and receiver of ticket to avoid toll for* feit ios.

15 tniflees at meeting may demife toll, dec,

Not above 3 years.

Exempt from tolL

Continuance 6* years from 1 May 1768.

Tbefeventk Tear ^George III. dire&ed at the firft gate or turnpike, through which fuch perfon or perfons (hall pafs, and producing a note or ticket that the faid toll or duty was paid* which note or ticket is to be delivered gratis, (hall be liable to pay any toll or duty at any other of the faid gates, fuch perfon or perfons de*^ livenng the faid note or ticket to the receiver or collector at the faid gate the fame day; and no perfon having occafion to pafs the place or places where the toll or duty is taken, who (hall return the fame day upon the fame horfe, mare, or gelding, afs, mule, cattle, coach, berlin, or other carriage, (hall be liable or compellable the fame day to pay the faid toll or duty more than once on the faid road.

XVII.	And for preventing frauds and abufes in the (aid toll or duty, be it ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid. That if any perfon or perfons having paid the toll, and having fuch note or ticket, lhall give or difpofc of the fame to any perfon or perfons in order to avoid the payment of the faid toll or duty, that every fuch perfon difpoling, or offering, and the perfon receiving, fuch note or ticket, being thereof convi&ed on oath before the faid truftees, or any five of them, or before any juftice of the peace for the county where fuch offence is committed, (hall forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, to be levied and recovered, and difpofed of, as the feveral penalties and forfeitures herein before mentioned are directed to be levied, recovered, and difpofed of.

XVIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid truftees, or any fifteen of them, at any of their meetings may by inftrument in writing farm and let the faid tolls or duties for any fum or fums of money payable quarterly or half yearly, as they (hall think fit.

XIX.	Provided, the term fo to be granted does not exceed the term of three years at any one time of letting or farming the fame, and fo toties quoties,

XX.	Provided alfo. That no perfon (hall be charged with any of the faid tolls, who (hall carry any quantity of (tone, gravel, or other materials for repairing the laid road; nor for any horfe or carriage laden with corn in ftraw, or with hay drawing from a meadow or meadows to the haggard only; nor for any plows, harrows, o^ other implements of hufbandry for ufing the fame in the feveral pariihes, through which the faid road (hall run ; nor (hall any toll be demanded for any horfe, mare, or gelding, or other bcaft going to w^ater, or for any poft horfe carrying the mail; or for the horfes or carriages of foldiers on their march.

XXI.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the toll or duty hereby granted (hall take place and have continuance from and after the firft day of May, one thou-

fand

6

Digitized by v^ooQle

Unlcfi before the road fuffici-

Tbe jbxntb Tear$f George IfT. fond feven hundred and fixtj eight, for and during the term of fixty one years*

XXII.	Provided, That if at any time before the expiration of the laid term the faid road (hall be well and fuffi-cientlv made and repaired, and all the fums of money that (hall be borrowed by the faid truthes for making and re- cntly^adc^d pairing the faid road with the intereft thereof, and the cods U,an« repaid, and charges thereof, (hall be paid, the faid tolls and duties

(hall ceaie.

XXIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, 5 tniftee* on That for continuing a fufRcient number of able perfons to „rVefufine may be truftees, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, other*. * or any five or more of them, upon the death of any of the

(aid truftees, or their removal or refufal to ad in the faid trull, from time to time to eled, nominate, and appoint in the room of fuch truftee or truftees fo deceafed, removed, or refufing to act* any fit or able perfon ot perfons of the faid counties of Kerry or Limerick, who (hall be joined with the faid truftees, and (hall have equal powers to ad in the execution of the faid trufts, and fo totUt quoties as often as occafion (hall require.

XXIV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, Meeting of That the faid truftees, or any nine or more of them, (hall uu&cet. meet at the town of Liftowell aforefaid on the fixth day of

June one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight; and the faid truftees may then adjourn there, or to Ardagh, or Rath-keale aforefaid, or to any other place near the faid road to be repaired, as the faid truftees, or any five of them, (hall think fir; and if it (hall happen, that a fufficient number of the faid truftees (hall not appear to ait or to adjourn to any other day, that then and in fuch cafe the clerk of the faid truftees by notice in writing, to be affixed at the re-fpe&ive gates or turnpikes at leaft ten days before the next meeting, (hall appoint the faid truftees to meet at the houfe, where the meeting of the faid truftees was laft appointed to be had, or at fome other convenient houfe near the faid road, on that day fortnight, upon which fuch laft meeting of the faid truftees was appointed to have been held *, and that the faid truftees at their firft and all fubfequent meetings (hall defray their own charges and expences.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the autho- No truftee rity aforefaid, That no truftee or truftees, that (hall be ap- to have place of pointed to put this ad in execution, (hall have or accept of Pro“t#

any place of profit arifing from the tolls or duties herein provided; but fuch perfon or perfons (hall be incapable from the time of accepting and continuing to enjoy fuch place of profit of ading as a truftee; nor (hall any fuch truftee or truftees contrad for the repair of any part of the faid road; but from the time of fuch contrad he or they (hall ceafe to Y 2	be

Digitized by

340 A. D.

1767.

Chap. 11.

Truftees may compound within 1 mile of any fcatc.

Suits bid in Kerry or Limerick.

A publitk aih

\

T'befe*venth Ytar df George III. be a truftee or truftees; and every perfon or perfons, who fhall contraft for the making and amending the {aid road or any part thereof, fhall, if required by the faid truftees or any five of them, take an oath before them, which oath they fhall have power to adminifter, that he or they do undertake the fame for his or their own ufe, and not for the ufe of or in truft for any truftee or truftees whatfoever.

XXVI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees or any five or more of them, to compound with all or any of the inhabitants, who fhall dwell within one Irifh plantation mile of any of the gates to be erefted on the faid road, for fuch yearly fum to be paid by each and every inhabitant in lieu of the aforefaid tells and duties, as the faid truftees or any five or more of them fhall think fit; and that no turnpike gate fhall be erefted or put up nearer to the laid town of Liftowell than one Irifh plantation mile.

XXVII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any fuit fhall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, that in every fuch cafe the aftion fhall be laid in the faid county of Kerry or county of Limerick, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion or aftions to be brought may plead the general iffue, and give this aft and the Tpecial matter in evidence at any tryal to be had thereupon ; and if any fuch aftion fhall be brought in any other county, that then the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon fuch verdift, or if the plaintiff fhall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his aftion, after the defendant 01 defendants have appeared, or if on any demurrer judgment fhall be given againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fhall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes by law.

XXVIII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and every other perfon whatfoever without fpecially pleading the fame.

CHAP.

Digitized by Google

Tbt/event b Year ef George ILL CHAP, XII.

An J3 to explain and amend the Laws, made for the better Supplying the City of Dublin with Com and Flour.

31 G. 2 3.

33 G. ». 12-

WHEREAS by an of Parliament parted in this x7 and 18 G.

kingdom in the thirty firft year of the reign of his 3‘c* late Majelly King George the fecond, entitled, Sin a3 for the better fupplying the city of Dublin with com and four, and by another a& of Parliament parted in this kingdom in the thirty third year of the reign of his faid late Majelly, entitled, An aft for amending an aft for the better fupplying the city of Dublin with corn and flour, certain fums of money were dire&ed to be paid out of the public revenue of this kingdom as and for premiums or bounties to fuch perfon or per-fons, as Ihall bring found, clean, well faved, merchantable corn, wheat, rye, mellin, here, barley, malt, oats, flour, or meal, by land carriage to the city of Dublin in manner therein mentioned, upon performing the requilites thereby dire&ed : and whereas the faid premiums or bounties thereby dire&ed to be paid for flour of wheat, brought by land carriage to the city of Dublin, are much higher in general than the cod and charges of the carriage of fuch flour to the diminution of the publick revenue, be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent Majelly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight, no fum under either of of money, premium, or bounty, Ihall by virtue of or under fiid atfs paid for the faid recited ads, or either of them, be paid for flour I101*1* brought by of wheat, or meal of wheat brought by land carriage to the j^rfoi^ 'hring-city of Dublin, and that every perfon, who Ihall after the invr nu-rdiant-faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred al>lc dour of Ir (h and fixty eight, bring any quantity of found, clean, mer- fo chantable flour made of wheat of the growth of this king- "l^ive a pre-dom by land carriage to the city of Dublin from any place, niium as herein where the fame was made within this kingdom, and Ihall fell mentioned, the Came in any of the publick markets, or places where com or flour is ufually fold in the city of Dublin, the liberty of faint Sepulchres, Thomas Court, or Donore, 01 Ihall deliver the fame in the city of Dublin, the liberty of faint Sepulchres, Thomas Court, or Donore, to a merchant or fador to fell the fame, ihall upon performing the feveral re-quifites hereinafter mentioned receive from the pay mailer of the com premiums for the time being or his deputy, as a premium or bounty for every hundred weight of fuch flour of wheat, one hundred and twelve pounds to be computed

No premium

Digitized by L,ooQ[e

On affidavit

in 3 month3 by owner or hi* eUrk, bef re a

juftice ot the

The fevent b Tear %f George III. to the hundred, which (ball be fo brought from any place at any greater diftapee than five miles from his Majefty’s caftle of Dublin, and which fhall be fold in the feid city of Dublin, the liberty of faint Sepulchres, The mas Court, or Donore, the film of three pence for every five miles fuch place fhall be diltant from the faid caftle of Dublin, and fo in proportion for any lefler number of miles.

II.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon fhall be entitled to receive the faid premium or bounty, unlefs he fhall firft deliver to the faid paymafter of the corn premiums or his deputy-, within „	the fpace of three months after fuch flour of wheat has been

ofd^/fluaucuy'*	brought 1° t^ie fity of Dublin, and fo fold, an affidavit

place, ^Lnd dii- made by the owner or one of the owners of fuch flour of tance, in words, wheat, pr by the clerk of fuch owner or owners fworn be-pf Infli giowtfc, fore fome juftice of the peace of the county, from whence «&erw. fuch flour fhall have been brought (which affidavit every fuch juftice is hereby required to take without fee or reward,) and which affidavit fhall fet forth the quantity of fuch flour of wheat, the name of the place where the fame was made, and the number of miles fuch place is diflant from his Majefty’s caftle in the city of Dublin, each to be exprefTed in words and not in figures, and that the wheat, whereof fuch flour was made, was to the beft of the knowledge and belief of the perfon making fuch affidavit of the growth of this kingdom, and that fuch flour of wheat is as free from bran or pollard, as flour of that quality ought to be, and fhall alfo deliver to the paymafter or his deputy a certificate under the hand and feal of any one juftice of the peace for fuch county, fetting forth that fuch affidavit was made before him, and that he believes the particulars therein contained to be true, and fhall alfo deliver to fuch paymafter or his deputy an affidavit made by fome credible perfon (which affidavit the faid paymafter or his deputy is hereby empowered to take) that fuch certificate was figned and fealed by the perfon, whofe name is fubferibed thereto, and alfo the name or names of the owner or owners of fuch flour, the quantity thereof, and where the fame was made, and that fuch flour has been fold in fome one of the publick markets or places, where corn or flour is ufualiy fold in the city of Dublin, the liberty of faint Sepulchres, Thomas Court, or Donore, or delivered in the city of Dublin, the liberty of faint Sepulchres, Thomas Court, or Donore, to fome merchant or fa&or (mentioning the name of fuch merchant or faftor) to fell the fame, and that he or any other perfon to his belief ha? not received any premium for the fame.; and (hall alfo deliver tp the laid paymafter or h*s deputy, in cafe the fame (hall have been fold in any of the feid publick market® pr place®, ft note from the enmer

of

Digitized by L.ooQle

*lbt frvattb Ttar rf George III.	343

of the market, where the fame has been fold (which note A. D. fuch craner is hereby required to give without fee or re- 1767. ward) containing the quantity of fuch flour, and the day of Chap. 12. the month and year on which tlte fame has been fold.	^

III.	Provided, no perfon (hall be entitled to receive the fold in 3 faid premium, unlefs the laid flour (hall be fold within three months, months after the faid flour hath been fo brought to the faid

city of Dublin.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Or the fac-faid, That if fuch flour be delivered to a merchant or fac- *ffidajrit of tor to fell the fame, that in lieu of the faid craner’s note

fuch merchant or fador {hall make an affidavit before the faid paymafter or his deputy (which affidavit they are hereby empowered to take) fctting forth the name or names of the owner or owners of fuch flour, the quantity of fuch flour which he received, the time in which he received the faipe, the place or places in which the fame has been fold in the city of Dublin, the liberties of faint Sepulchres, Thomas Court, or Donore; and that he, or any other perfon to his belief, has not received any premium for the fame.

the owner** name, &c.

V.	And be it enaded by the author?y aforefaid. That Premium for

every perfon who fliall from and after the twenty fourth corn brought day of June next bring any quantity of found, clean, mer- Jj?	"

chantable wheat, rye, meflin, here, barley, malt, oats, and *

French or pearl barley by land carriage to the city of Dublin from any place, where the fame grew within this kingdom, which is at a greater diitance from the caftlc of Dublin than five miles, and (hall perform the feveral requires in the faid ads mentioned, (hall receive the feveral re-fpe&ive bounties in the faid ads mentioned, for every five miles fuch place (hall be diilant from the caiile of Dublin, and fo in proportion for lefTer difiance; and alfo an additional bounty of one halfjpcnny per mile for every forty (lone weight of fuch wheat, here, barley, malt, and French or pearl barley $ and (o in proportion for a lcfTcr quantity thereof.

VI.	’ And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Forged certl-if any perfon (hall forge any certificate, craner’s note, or ficate, note, or affidavit, or {hall produce to fuch paymaHer or his deputy

any fuch certificate, cranePs note, or affidavit, knowing the an^j tranfporta-fame to be forged, or ffiall knowingly fwear any thing, tion for 7 years, which is fidfe, in any fuch affidavit, he, fhe, or they, being thereof lawfully convided upon indidment, {hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and ffiall be tranfported as a felon to one of his Majefty’s plantations in America for (even years.

VII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Jufticcs fign-if any juflice of the peace ffiall fign any blank certificate, *.ng. blank or

Digitized by v^ooQle

S44

A. D. 1767.

V—

on information inB.R difabled.

Craner refilling forfeits 40s. to the party by civil bill; for fulfe note 1 ol to profccutor.

9 fe. 2. 17*

The feventh Year of George 1II.	,

or any certificate required by this ad; knowing the fame to be falfe, and (hall thereof be convided upon information to be filed in his Majefty’s court of King’s bench in Dublin, fuch juflice lhall for ever after be difabled from adfine of the peace.

VIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any fuch craner fhall refufe to give fuch note, as is herein before directed, to fuch perfon as fhall be entitled to the fame, fuch craner fhall forfeit for every fuch offence to the perfon, whom he fhall fo refufe, the fum of forty (hillings, to be recovered by him by civil bill; and if fuch craner fhall give a falfe note, he fhall forfeit for fuch offence the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill by the perfon who fhall fue for the fame.

CHAP. XIII.

An AS for altering, amending, explaining, and rendering more effectual an ASy made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majejly King George the Second, intituled,, An A3 for repairing the Road leading from the Bridge, commonly called Banbridgc, over the Ban IVater in the county of Down to Randaljlown in the County of Antrim.

WHEREAS by an ad paffedin the ninth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, intitled, An ad for repairing the road leading from the bridge, commonly called Banbridgey over the Ban IVater in the County of Down to Randaljlown in the county of Antrim, feveral tolls and duties were granted and made payable for repairing the faid road, and for the other purpoles in the faid a<d mentioned ; which faid ad was to commence from and after the fecond Tuefday in the month of May, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and thirty fix, and from thence to continue in force for the term of forty one years; and whereas the truftees appointed to put the faid ad into execution having borrowed feveral fums of money on the credit thereof, and having applied the fame, together with the tolls collcded by virtue of the faid laft in part recited ad, in amending the faid road; but the tolls proving infufficient to repair the faid road, or to pay the fums fo borrowed, and being but barely fufficient to pay the intereft of the fums fo borrowed, and the faid road by reafon of the great fcarcity of materials to repair and amend the fame, and the length and extent thereof from the faid bridge, commonly called Banbridge, to Randalftown aforefaid, could not be repaired and fufficiently amended by the tolls and duties made payable by the faid ad, nor any part of the principal fums fo borrowed on the credit thereof, or that (hall hereafter be borrowed for the ufc of the faid road, paid without aug-i	menting

Digitized by

The ftventb Year of George III* meriting the (aid tolls, or feme other provifion made for that purpofe : and whereas it is thought necefiary to make the ieveral provifions herein after mentioned for the more effectually repairing and amending the laid road, and keeping the fame in good order and repair, and for feeuring the debts now due, or which (hall hereafter be raifed or become due to the federal creditors of the (aid road, be it ena&ed by the King’s moil excellent Majefty by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight, the iT^tn jn ^ federal truftees named and appointed in, by, and under the ^ ^ *£ faid former ad, and the truftees herein after named and ap- named may for pointed, or any feven or more of them, or fuch perfon or refidue of die perfons as (hall by them or any feven or more of them re-fpe&ively authorized or appointed, (hall and may from the 4, yean, Ac. time aforefaid for and during the continuance of the (aid take the follow, term of forty one years mentioned in the faid ad, and from	I!11****

thenceforth for and during the further term of forty one « c? t?17 years, to be computed from the expiration of the (aid term v of forty one years, and from thence to the end of the then next fclfton of Parliament, demand, take, and receive re-fpe&ively, in lieu of the tolls and duties to be coQeded bj virtue of the faid ad, the refpedive tolls and duties following ; and the (aid ieveral and refpedive perfons (hall be and are hereby refpcdively empowered to levy the fevcral tolls by this ad charged and appointed to be colleded and received; (thar is to fay) the ieveral truftees named by and under the faid former ad, and the truftees hereby named, for making and repairing the (aid road, or any feven or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as (hall by them or feven or more of them be authorized or appointed, (hall receive the tolls and duties following, before any horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calaih, chaife, chair, waggon, wain, cart, carr, or other carriage, (hall be permitted to pafs through the fame ; (that is to lay) for every coach, berlin, chariot, calaih, chaife, or chair drawn by fix horfes, geldings, mares, mules, or affes, two (hillings: and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calaih, chaife, or chair, drawn by four horfes, geldings, mares, mules, or affes, one (hilling and fix pence, and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calaih, chaife, or chair, drawn by two horfes, geldings, mares, mules, or affes, one (hilling ; for every carriage, commonly called a chair or chaife, drawn by one horfe, mare, gelding, afs, mule, or beaft of draft, four pence; for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with four wheels (the coaches and carriages herein before mentioned excepted) the breadth thereof being nine inches at the foie, and the ftreakes thereof fet on with flat

or

Digitized by L,ooQle

546  A. D. 1767. Chap. 13.	7be fewntb Tear of George III. or rofchended nails, drawn by three or more horfes, or beafts of draft, the fum of fix pence ; for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, with two wheels, the breadth thereof being nine inches at the foie, and theftreakes thereof let on with flat or rofeheaded nails, drawn by two or more horfos, geldings, mares, mules, afTes, or beafts of draft, three pence (the carriages herein before mentioned excepted) for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, with four wheels (the coaches and carriages herein before mentioned excepted) the wheels thereof being narrower than nine inches at the fokt and the ftreakes thereof fet on otherwise than as afore-faid, the fum of ten (hillings ; for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage (the coaches and carriages before mentioned excepted) with two wheels, narrower than nine inches at the foie, or the ftreakes thereof fet on otherwife than as afore-faid, drawn by two or more horfes, geldings, mares, mules, affes, or beafts of draft, the fum of five (hillings; for every cart or carr having but one horfe, or bead of draft, the breadth of the wheels thereof being three inches at the foie, and the ftreakes thereof fet on with flat or rofeheaded nails, the fum of three half pence: for every cart, carr, or other carriage, having but one horfe, gelding, mare, mule, afs, or beaft of draft, with wheels narrower than three inches, or having the ftreakes thereof fet on otherwife than as aforefaid, the fum of one (hilling; for every horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, with or without any perfon riding thereon, the fum of one penny 5 for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, twenty pence by the fcoie, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefter number ; for every drove of calves, hogs, (heep, goats, or lambs, ten pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer number; and for every carriage, whereon (hall be carried or borne any millftone, the wheels of fuch carriage being nine inches at the foie, and the ftreakes thereof fet on with flat or rofehead nails, the fum of one (hilling ; and for every fuch carriage whereon (hall be carried or borne a millftone, the wheels whereof (hall he narrower than nine inches, or the ftreakes thereof fet on otherwife than as aforefaid, the fum of ten (hillings ; and that the truftees herein after in this prefent a& mentioned, and by and under the faid herein before mentioned aft named and appointed, or by virtue of the powers by the faid former a& or by this prefent a& to be appointed, for making and repairing the faid road, or any (even or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be by them, or any feven or more of them, (hall be authorized and appointed, (hall receive the fame tolls and duties herein before particularly appointed and dire&ed to be paid to the truftees named and appointed in this prefent a&, and by and under the faid former a&, before any horfe, mare, gelding*

j

fe*utntb Ttar rf George Ilf.	347

ing, aft, mule, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, cahdh, chatfe, A. D. chair, waggon, wain, cart, carr, or other carriage Hull be 1767. permitted to pais through the fame; which (aid refpeftive Chap. 13* fum and fuma of money (hall be demanded and taken re-fpeftively in the name of or as the refpeftive toH or toDa ; toll refted in and the money thereby to be raifed and collefted it hereby truftcef> **• and (hall be refpeftively vefled in fuch truftees 5 and the fame, and every part thereof, (hall be applied and difpofed of to and for the feveral nfet, intenth, and purpofes, and in fuch manner, as by the (aid former aft and this prefent aft are particularly mentioned and declared; (that is to (ay) fubjeft and liable to the payment of the feveral fums already borrowed purfuant to the (aid aft, and now due and unpaid, and the intereft due and to grow due thereon, and of fuch fnrther fum and fums of money, not exceeding two thou-fand pounds fterling, as hereafter (hall or may be borrowed for the ufe of the faid road, and towards repairing the (ame ; and fuch fum and fums as (hall be fo collefted and raifed at the turnpikes, erefted and to be erefted thereon, (hall be refted in the truftees for the fame, fubjeft and liable to the payments of the feveral fums fo borrowed and remaining due, and the intereft thereof, and to fuch further fum and Turns of money, not exceeding two thoufcnd pounds fterling, and the intereft thereof as (hall hereafter be raifed and borrowed for the ufe of and for and towards repairing the fame 5 and that the faid refpeftive tolls, and every part thereof, (lull be applied and difpofed of to and for the feveral and refpeftive ufes, intents, and purpofes; and in fuch mariner, as by the (aid former aft and herein is mentioned and declared; and that the truftees, or any feven or more of them, are hereby refpeftively impowered by themfelvcs, or by any perfon or perfons by them thereunto refpeftiveiy authorized, to levy the faid tolls by this aft charged and appointed to be collcft-cd and received.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Toll to corn-laid, That the tolls and duties hereby granted (hall take place neacc *4 Jnn« from and after the twenty-fourth day of June next; and next# ** that the faid aft made in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, and all and every the powers, articles, rules, penalties and claufes therein contained, except what arc hereby altered, (hall be of full force and effeft, and (hall continue and be executed as well during the remainder of the faid term of forty one years mentioned in (aid aft, as for and during the further term of forty one years, to be computed from the expiration thereof, and from thence to the end of the then next (e(Son of Parliament, for the intents and purpofes in the (aid aft and herein before and after mentioned, as if the powers and authorities given by the faid aft were herein again repeated andre-enafted in the body of

this

Digitized by LjOOQle

A.D.

1767. Chan. 13.

Truftcet

named.

Truftees on death, refufal, &c. may elc& in hers.

The /eventb Tear of George III. this prefent aft ; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the perfons herein after named (hall be the truftees for putting the faid former aft and this prefent aft into execution ; (that is to fay) the right reverend James lord bifhop of Down and Connor, Robert Adair efquire, John O’Niel efquire, Thomas Thompfon efquire, Andrew Todd efquire, St. John O’Niel efquire, the reverend James Barry clerk, the reverend William Tifdall, Mark Kerr O’Niel efquire, the reverend Arthur Chichetter, the reverend William Chichef-ter, the reverend Hugh Maxwell, John White efquire, William Buttle efquire, William Henderfon of Hazlebrook gentleman, John Kerr of Tannaghmore gentleman, Samuel Thompfon of Greenmount gentleman, William Sloan gentleman, Mr. Nathaniel Gregg linen draper, Mr. Edward Hogg linen draper, Mr. John Gillilan of Holftone linen draper, Francis Gorman efquire, Mr. Thomas Gregg, linen draper, Mr. Stafford Gorman linen draper, John Hunter of Ballinderry gentleman, Bryan Me Manus efquire, Mr. Fortefcue Gorman merchant, Mr. Doherty Gorman merchant, Jofeph Moore of Aghohill gentleman, Mr. John Me Culloch apothecary, Daniel O’Niel of Ballymiliftragh gentleman, Henry O’Hara of Cleggan efquire, Mr. Conway Me Niece linen draper, and ail and lingular the juf-tices of the peace, and beneficed clergy of the counties of Down and Antrim for the time being, refpeftively, together with fuch other truftees as are now fubfifting by virtue of or under the (aid former aft, (hall be and are hereby veft-ed with all the powers and authorities, in the faid former ad and in this prefent aft given and enafted, to all intents and purpofes, with powers to ereft turnpikes, and to receive fe-parate and diftinft tolls, and to eleft, nominate, appoint, and remove receivers, colleftors, overfeers, and other officers, purfuant to the powers hereby and in and by the faid former aft granted.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any of the faid truftees named and appointed, or as aforefaid, or any other tiuftee or truftees who (hall hereafter be appointed by virtue of the powers in the faid former aft or in this prefent aft, (hall happen to die, or decline to aft, or if for that or any other reafon or rea-fons it (hall be thought necefiary or expedient to eleft or appoint any other truftee or truftees, that in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to or for any eleven or more of the truftees, already appointed or hereafter to be appointed purfuant to the faid powers in the faid former aft and in this aft, during the continuance of the faid former aft and of this prefent aft to eleft and appoint fo many more (it and

Digitized by v^oogle

TheJtvenib Tunr §f George III.

able perfons to be joined with them refpedlively in execution of faid former a& and of this prefent ad ; and that all and every perfon and perfons, fo rcfpe&ively to be eleded and appointed, fhall and may be and are hereby refpedively im-powered to ad to all intents and purpofes, as the faid truf-tees by the faid former ad or this prefent ad are impowered to do, and fo from time to time as often as there (hall be oc-cafwn refpedively.

V.	And be it provided and enaded by the authority afore-faid, That no perfon (hall be hereafter eleded a truftee to put this or the faid former ad in execution, who (hall not a&ually be in the po(Te(Iion of a freehold eftate of the clear yearly value of forty pounds at the time of hit being eleded a truftee, or who (hall not have a perfonal eftate of the clear value of eight hundred pounds ; and that upon any doubt arifmg of the value of fuch eftates, the perfon fo eleded, before he fhall be admitted to ad as a truftee (if any truftee fhall require it) (hall fwear, that his eftate is of the faid value before five truftces affembled at a board, which oath the faid truftees are hereby impowered and authorized to adminifter.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That the faid road, fo leading from Banbridge to Randalftown aforefaid, (hall be divided into two parts ; and that fo much of the faid road as reaches from the (aid bridge, called Banbridge, over the Ban Water in the county of Down to Glenavy on the faid road in the county of Antrim, fhall be hereafter diftinguifhed and known by the name of tlie fouthem divifion of the faid road ; and fo much thereof, as reaches from this faid town of Glenavy in the county of Antrim to the faid town of Randalftown, in the faid county of Antrim, (hall hereafter be diftinguifhed and known by the name of the northern divifion of the faid road.

VII.	And be it further ena&edby the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfona (hall be obliged to pay any of the tolls herein before mentioned more than once in the fame day within either of the faid divifions of the faid road ; but that every perfon having paid the toll or duty hereby impofed at any one of the gates, ere&ed or to be erefted on the faid road between the laid bridge, called the Banbridge, and Glenavy, on producing a note or ticket thereof, which the receiver or receivers of the faid tolls are hereby required to give without fee or reward, (hall be permitted to pafs free through all the feveral gates on the faid part of the faid road during the day, on which he has once paid the faid toll as aforefaid; and fo in like manner, having paid the faid toll at any one of the gates on the faid other part of the road between Glenavy and Randalftown aforefaid, (hall on producing fuch ticket or note thereof be permitted at any time

during

Poffcflfc*! of 40I. yearly fne-hohl, or 8ooi. prriond, &c.

Divifion of the road ill t parts.

Toll paid only once a day in each.

Digitized by v^ooQle

9tfO

Exempt from toil.

Trurtees may ifTuc orders for intereft.

No order above 50I.

Orders transferable by in-dorfement.

7 he /event b Year	George III.

during the (aid day to pafs through the other gates on tbc faid part of the faid road 2 but it is the true intent and meaning of this aft, that every perfon fhall pay twice on the fame day, in cafe he, (he, or they fhall travel and pafs through one or more gate or gates on each divifion of (aid road.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That no perfon or perfons fhould be charged with any of the tolls or duties aforefaid for any carts, carrs, or waggons loaded or going to be loaded with corn in the draw only, or hay drawn from the meadow to the haggard; nor for any plows, harrows, or other implements of hufbandry, which may be carried in order for ufing or repairing of the fame in the fevcral parifhes, in which the faid highways or roads, hereby intended to be repaired, do lye; nor fhall any toll or duty be demanded or taken at any of the turnpikes to be erefted as aforefaid for any horfe, mare, gelding, afs, mule, or other cattle going to or from water or pafture; or for any poft horfe carrying the mail or packet 5 or for fuch horfe as is or fhall be ufed only to ride on by the owner or driver of any waggon, cart, or carriage, provided fuch horfe pafs through the faid turnpike or turnpikes with fuch waggon, cart, or carriage; nor fhall any toll ot duty be demanded or taken from any horfe or horfes of foldiers paf-fing, that are upon their march ; or for any waggons, carts, carrs, or other carriages attending them ; or for horfes, waggons, carts, carrs, or other carriages travelling with vagrants fent by pafTes, or with prifoners tranfmitted from one part of the kingdom to another.

IX.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any fifteen or more of them, at any meeting or board, and not otherwife, from time to time during the continuance of the faid former aft and this prefent aft to make out warrants or orders in writing under their hands, direfted to the treafurer or receiver of the faid tolls, thereby requiring him to pay thereout to the perfon or perfons named in fuch warrant or order, his or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, the growing intereft of the fum of money mentioned in fuch warrant or order, as the fame fhall from time to time become due, until fuch time as the principal fum mentioned in the faid warrant or order fhall be paid off and difeharged at one entire payment.

X.	Provided, That no warrant or order, to be iffued tot the faid treafurer or receiver by virtue of this aft, fhall be for any greater fum than the principal fum of fifty pounds.

A I. And be it alfo enafted by the authority aforefodfj That all and every perfon and perfons, to whom fuch warrant!.



Digitized by LjOoq le

Order* numbered.

The fe'Vtntb Year of George I If. rants or orders (hall be given or afligned, bis or their executors or adminiflrators, may by indorfement of fuch warrants, or orders, or receipts, transfer the right and benefit of the fum mentioned in fuch warrants or orders; which indorsement upon notice to the treafurcr or receiver of the faid tolls, and an entry or memorial thereof made in a book or books to be kept for that purpofc, which the (aid treasurer or receiver (hall upon reqttcft without charge, fee, or reward make accordingly, and (hall upon requett of any perfon or perfons permit the feme to be viewed at reafonable hours without fee or reward, (hall entitle the endarfee or a&gnee, his or her executors, adminiflrators, or affigns, to the foie benefit of the fum fo transferred or affigned ; and the faid warrant or order may in like manner be transferred and afiigned by fuch affignee, his or her executors or admi-niilrators, and fo from time to time; aod that after fuch alignment it (hall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons, who made fuch afiignment or indorfement, to make void, releafe, or difeharee the faid afiignment, or the fum thereby transferred or afiigned, or any part thereof.

XII.	And be it alfo ena&ed by the authority aforefeid.

That the refpc&ivc treafurcr or receiver of the faid tollsihaU arithmetically number all the warrants and orders, which (hall be given or delivered out in purfuance of this ad, as they (hall be delivered out, commencing with number one, and (b continuing the whole numbers till the whole be arithmetically numbered.

XIII.	And be it alfo ena&ed by the authority aforefiud.

That the Several and rcfjpe&ive tolls and duties, hereby made as herein! payable for the turnpikes ereded or to be ereded as afore*

laid in their feparate and dtilind divifions, (hall be applied and paid to the difeharge of the interefi of the (aid icveral (urns already borrowed purfuant to the fiud former ad, and of fuch other and further fum and fums of money as (haU be hereafter borrowed for the ufe of the faid road and towards repairing the fame; fo that fuch further fum to be borrowed (hah not exceed the faid fum of two thousand pounds; and that all the furplus of the faid tolls and duties hereby made payable, over and above what (haU be fufficient to difeharge the faid filtered and the feveral falaries payable purfuant to this and the faid former ad, and to-repair the kid road, and keep the fame in good order and repair from time to time, (hall be appointed refpedively as aforefiud towards the difeharge of the feveral principal fums £b already borrowed, and towards the difeharge of fuch further and other fum or fuir^ a.s mall hereafter be borrowed as aforefeid, in manner hereafter mentioned ; (that is to (ay,) that when and as often as fuch furplus received by the faid treafurer or receiver (hall amount to the fum of fifty pounds, then the

faid

Toll applied

Digitized by L.ooq le

35*	feventh	Year	of	George	III.

A. D. faid treafurer or receiver fhall caufe the number of all tbe 1767. warrants or orders, which already are or hereafter fhall be Chap. 13. refpe&ively iffued or delivered out in purfuance of this ad and the faid former ad, and the fum therein contained, to be written on feveral tickets or pieces of parchment, and to be rolled and fealed up, and put into a box or urn, and well mixed together; and an indifferent perfon fhall publickly between the hours of ten and twelve in the forenoon of a day, to be by the treafurer or receiver publickly advertised in the Bclfaft news paper or fome other publick news paper for that purpofe, and alfo to be polled on the turnpike gates at leafl twenty days before, at the neared gate to the town of Glenavy draw out of fuch box or urn as many of the faid tickets or pieces of parchment, as the fum therein contained fhall amount to fuch overplus fum or fums, as fhall remain in the treafurer or receivers hands, to be paid off to the creditor or creditors of the faid road; and the perfon or perfons, the number of whofe warrants or orders fhall be fo drawn, his or their executors, adminidrators, or affigns, fhall, within twenty days after the faid warrants or orders fhall be drawn, be paid by the faid treafurer or receiver the principal fum to him or them refpe&ively due with intereft for the fame till paid, and fhall upon payment thereof deliver up his and their feveral and refpe&ive warrants or orders to the faid treafurer or receiver to be cancelled, which he is hereby required to cancel accordingly ; and the in-tered payable by virtue of fuch warrants or / orders fhall ceafe from the expiration of twenty days, to be accounted from the day of drawing the faid tickets or pieces of parchment.

XIV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Coftafirft paid That all fuch cods and charges, as have been or fhall be with 6 per cent. out an(j expended in and about the procuring and paffing this prefent adt of Parliament and furveying the faid road, fhall be fird difeharged and paid out of the money arifing out of the toll or tolls, to be colle&ed by virtue of this prefent a£, together with an intered at the rate of fix pounds by the hundred by the year till the fame fhall be paid.

Truftees may XV. And be it alfo enadled by the authority aforefaid, compound. That the faid trudees, or any feven or more of them, fhall and may, and they are hereby impowered from time to time, as they fhall fee convenient and think fit, to compound or agree by the year or otherwife with ail and every or any of the inhabitants of the feveral parifhes, through which the faid roads lead, and with the inhabitants of the adjacent parifhes, in fuch manner as by the faid former ad and this prefent a& the faid trudees, or any number of them, were and are authorized or impowered to do or compound.

XVI.	And

Digitized by

11 may ilc-

Tbe ftvaiib Tear of George III.

XVI.	And be it alfo enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid truilees or any eleven or more of them refpeCt ivcly by any agreement or agreements, lcafe or leafts, deinife or demifes in writing, to be refpe&ively executed by the faid refpeeiive truilees, or any eleven or move of them, refpenivcly under their hands uot ah°vc and feals to demife or lcafe, fet or let, all or any part of * yeM*'

the faid refpeeiive tolls and the turnpikes to fuch perfon or perfons, as they (hall reipettivcly think lit, for fuch time and term, not exceeding three years, and for fuch rents and yearly income, as they fhali lcfpettivcly think tit; and that all and every fuch rent and yearly income (hall be applied, as in the faid former act and in this pxtlen: act is mentioned, direcled, and appointed, in making and repairing the faid road, and keeping the fame in good repair from time to time, and in ditchurge of fuch principal fums of money and interell, as are now due, or (hall hereafter rtfpec-tively become due, by virtue of the faid former act and this prefent adl; and alfo that it ihall and may be lawful to and for1 all and every’ perfon or perfotis, who (hall take any lcafe orleafes, demife or demifes, of all or any part of the faid tolls or turnpikes, to take and receive to their own proper ufeand behoof the tojls and profits, which (hall arife from fuchrefpe£live turnpikes, as they (hall rcfpedlively fo take, they paying the faid respective rents or yearly income to the (aid respective truilees according to their icvtral agreements; any thing herein contained to the contrary’ notwith-(landing.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it alfo further cnavfled by Toll to ceafa

the authority aforefaid, That if at any time before the ex- when road re-piradon of the faid term of forty one years, hereby grant- Pa»red and mo* cd, the highway or road aforefaid (hail be fufficiently amend- ***	•

ed and repaired, and (hall be fo refpectivelv adjudged by the .judicesof the peace for the faid counties of Down and Antrim at their quarter feflions to be holden refpecdively for tlie laid counties, that then from and after fuch adjudication made, and repayment made of all fuch monies as have been or (hall be borrowed upon the credit of the faid former act or this prefent a£t, with the interell thereof the tolls hereby refpecrively granted and made payable, and all the powers and authorities in the faid formet act and this prefent atl contained (hall refpetlively ceafe and determine ; any thing in the faid former acl and this prefent act contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

XVIII. And be it alfo further ena&ed by the authority *'1	mcct aforefaid, That the faid truilees, or any eleven or more of an a J°l riK them, (hall and may meet at Moira, Glenavy, or Antrim

on the eleventh day of July, in the year of our Lord, one thonfond feveq hundred and fixty eight, or any’ other day Vol. V.	Z	or

Digitized by

Google

35*

A. D.

O truftees may contralto make and keep in repair.

Apublickad.

#€*vteeofpr<v eefsxm the focip-fecrctvy

Ifhetwe*o ao

and 20 July, and r6 cays before return of proccfs.

The fiventh Tear of George HI, or days to be ten days previoufly advertifed in the Belfaft i>ews paper, and notice thereof poffed for ton days before on each of the gates of the faid road; and the faid truftees (hall and may adjourn themfelyes, and afterwards meet at any of the faid lalt mentioned places for putting this ad in execution, as by the faid former ad and this prefent ad is direded and appointed.

XIX.	And be it alfo enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees named in this ad, and the faid truftees named in the faid former ad, or any nine or more of them, to contrad and agree with fuch perfon or perfons, as they fhall think fit, for the making and repairing, and keeping in repair, the faid roads, fo leading from Banbridge to Randalftown aforefaid ; any thing contained in the faid former ad and this prefent ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XX,	And be it alfo enaded by the authority aforefaid. That this prefent ad fhall be deemed, adjudged* and taken to be apublickad, and fhall be judicially taken notice of ai fuch by all judges, juftitces, and other perfoqs wjiatfoever without fpecially pleading the fame.

CHAP. XV.

An A3 for direfiirig the Application of the Sum of Seven Thoufand Pounds, granted to the Dublin Society for the Encouragement of fuch Trades and ManufaQures, as Jhould be direded by Parliament•

IX* A ND whereas the Dublin Society already have taken, and hereafter may have oocafion to take, leafes of houfes or other tenements ; and it is reafonable, that perfons, who have or fhall demife to them, and all other perfons having any demand on the faid Society, fhould not be delayed in the recovery of their feveral demands: be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in every cafe and fo often as it fhall be neceffary to ferve the faid Society with ?my ejedment, fubpaena, order, decree, or any other pro-pefs or proceeding of any court of law or equity, that the feryice of the affiftan't feqretary of' the faid Dublin Society fhall be and be deemed good and effedual fervice of the faid Society.

X. Provided, fuch fervice be made between the twentieth day of Odober and twentieth, day of July in every year; and fo as fuch fervice be made fixteen days at leaft before the return of fuch ejedment, fubpsena, order, or de-cree, or other fumjnons, procefs, or proceeding.

C H A $

Digitized by

The feventh Tear of George III. CHAP. XVII.

An AB for ereBing new Chapels of Eafe in the Parifh of Armagh, and making fuch Chapels, and thofe that are already ercBed in the fa ’ul parijb, perpetual Cures ; and for making a proper Provifion for the Maintenance of perpetual Curates to officiate in the fame.

is?

A. D.

1767.

WHEREAS the prefent re&ory of Armagh confilU

of four large parifhes, which were perpetually 2 q j1* united in the reign of King Charles the firft, wluta by the 16. f. 16. and by defolation of that part of the kingdom and the want of in- 13 »*>d 14 G. 3. habitants the antient parifh of Armagh could not afford ac* competent maintenance for an incumbent : and whereas each of the faid parifhes fo united arc of very large extent, and by* flie increafe of the inhabitants the two churches or chapela of eafe, now ere&ed in the faid parifh of Armagh arc not*

{efficient to accommodate the numbers, who might refort to them for divine worihip ; and on account of the great dif-tance, which many of them refide at, they cannot conveniently refort thereto : in order therefore that a fufficient number of churches may be provided for the celebration of divine fervice at convenient diffanccs for the refort of the inhabitants of the faid parifh: be it enacted by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament, and by the authority of the fame, That The primate it (hall be lawful for his grace, Richard, lord archbifhop of orfocceflbrsmay Armagh, or his fucceffors archbifhops of Armagh, to ere& crc& ncW or caufe to be ere&ed new churches or chapels on the re-puted ancient fites of the churches or chapels of the faid re- herein! fpc&ive parifhes, and one other church or chapel in the city or liberties of Armagh ; and that it flrall be lawful for the faid archbifhop pr his fucceffors by writting under his hand and archiepifcopal feal with the confent of the redlor ef Armagh for the time being under his hand and feal to fet out and deferibe the bounds and the fcveral town lands, which (hall be compmed within the refpe&ivc diftri<fis or new parses, which fhall belong to the cure of each of the faid new churches or chapels, and to thofe which are already tre&ed refpe&ively, and to add one or more town lands, if judged convenient, to that church or chapel, which fhall be erefted for the city and liberties of Armagh ; and from and after the time that fuch new parifhes fhall be fo fet out and afc'rtained by fuch inftrument, which fhall be duly entered in the regiftry of the faid diocefe, and enrolled in the RollVoflice of this kingdom, for which cnrolement the fum of thirteen (hillings and four pence, and no more, fhall

Z a	be

1

Digitized by boogie

$$6	The	frvcnth Tear of George III.

A. D.	be paid over and bove the expence ufually paid to the en-

1767.	grofiing clerk for the fame, the faid feveral diftrids, fo fet

Chap. 17. out and deferibed, (hall be deemed and reputed feveral and diftind parifhes for the purpofes in this ad mentioned, and (hall be refpedively called and known by fuel 1 names, as (hall be given to them by fuch infti ument ; and the faid feveral churches or chapels, which are intended to be ertded in the faid new parifhes, and fuch as are already erected in the faid parifhof Armagh, (hall be deemed peipetual cures ; and the Curates of each of them refpedively when duly nominated and licenced, (hall be capable of receiving any endowment from the faid archbifhop of Armagh or his fucceffors, or from theredor of Armagh or his fucceflois, or any other bodies coporate or politick, or any other perfon or perfons, in fuch manner as any curate of any impropriate or appropriate parifh is by the laws now in being qualified to take the fame ; and each and ever)’’ fuch curate (hall have perpetual fucceflion, and arc hereby declared to be bodies politick and corporate, and made capable to receive and take any fuch endowments in lands or tythes or both, or any fuch augmentation as (hall be granted to them and their fucccfTors; and from and after the time that any of the faid cures (hall be endowed with a fufficicnt quantity of glebe, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch curate with the approbation of the faid archbifhop or his fuccefiors, to make fuch buildings and improvements on fuch glebe, and he (hall be entitled to receive fuch proportion of the money expended in making or building the fame from his next fucceffor, as any other incumbent is by the laws now in being entitled for buildings or improvements on the glebe of his benefice ; and all fuch pro-vilions for encouraging the making, building, and improvements on glebes belonging to the clergy (hail extend to the faid curates refpedively in the fame manner, as they now do to any incumbent of any rcelefiaftical benefice ; and it (hall be lawful for the truftees and commifiioners of the firft fruits, and they are hereby required, to giant to any of the faid curated a fum not exceeding one hundred pounds to enable fuch curate to build fuch houfe ; which fum the faid truf-tces are empowered to grant, before fuch houfe is begun to be built, upon an aflurance that fuch houfe fhall be built upon a plan and eftimate approved of by the (kid archbifhop, or his fucceffor, and by the faid truftees,

Veftrletfor II* And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, each new parifh That from and after the execution, regiftry, and enrolement on notice for pf fuch inftrument, as is before direded, it fhall be lawful far wardens Cl&c"	^aic* archbifhop Armagh or his fucceffors to appoint

*	'	veftries to be held for each of the faid intended new parilhes;

and the redor of Armagh or his curate (hall give notice of fuch veftries to be held at fugh place, as (hall be thought mo/l

convenient,

The feventh Tear of George IIL convenient, within the faid refpe&ive parifhes or diftri&8» and at fuch time or times, as (hall be appointed in fuch notice, lhall be publifhed in fuch manner, as is ufual for convening veftries for the prefent pari h of Armagh, or by affixing the fame on the doors of the cathedral church of Armagh, or by fuch other ways and means as (hall be thought neceffary ; and at the firit vdlry fo to be held for each of the faid new parifhes two perfon9 lhall be chofen for church wardens for each parifh reipedtively, in fuch manner as church wardens are ufually cicdKd in the prefent parifu of Armagh ; and in cafe of failure in making fuch ele&ion it lhall be lawful for the faid archbiihop or his fucceffors to nominate fuch church wardens for each of the laid parilhcs, where fuch failure lhall happen ; and fuch-church wardens, when fo elecled or nominated, lhall continue in fuch office for one year from the Ealter next after fuch election or appointment ; and new church wardens (hall be chofen annually in fuch manner, as is ufual ia the faid parifh ; and it lhall be lawful for the redW of th * faid parilh of Armagh or hi* curate, and the church wardens, and the majority of the proteltant inhabitants of each of the faid intended new p5u rilhrs, affembled in vellry, to adefs fuch films of money, as lhall from time to time be neceffary for eredling or building, and repairing the church or chapel of their rcfpedHve pa-rilh; which money lhall be aHellcd, applotted, and levied in fuch manner, as cedes for building or repairing other churches arc by the laws now in being directed to be raif-ed.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That as foon as the faid churches or chapels (hall be nominate cu-eretted and fet apart for divine worfhip, the rector of Ar- fatc*» *c-magh for the time being lhall nominate to the faid archbifhop or his fuccedore a fufficient curate for each fuch parilh, where fuch church or chapel lhall be fo erected and fet apart, which curate lhall be approved of and licenfed by the faid archbiihop or his fuccedors in fuch manner, as other curates are by law to be licenfed and approved of; and upon every vacancy of any of the faid cures by the death or removal of fuch curate, or by his acceptance of any other cure, or of any benefice with cure of fouls, another curate lhall be nominated and appointed in manner aforefaid ; and in cafe the faidre&or of Armagh for the time being lhall fail or negleA to nominate a curate for the fpace of two months, after any of the faid churches or chapels lhall be ere&ed and fet apart, or alter any fuch vacancy (hall happen, it lhall be lawful for the laid archbifhop or his fucceifors to appoint and licence a curate for fuch of the faid parifhes and churches, where fuch failure (hall happen, and to allocate fuch falary for every fuch curate, fo to be nominated or appointed and li-

ceufed

Re&or may

Digitized by

Google

The feventh Tear of George III. certfed for any of the laid cures, as he is at preftgnl enabled to do bv the laws now in being, orer and above any endowment of the faid cures granted for the augmentation of the maintenance of any of the faid curates.

IV.	Provided, That if the faid reftor of Armagh or his fucceflbrs (hall by deed in writing with the confent and approbation of the faid archbifhop of Armagh or his fuccef* fore and the chapter of Armagh, teftified by their being parties to and affixing their feals to fuch writing, endow any of the faid cures with a competent portion of glebe or tythts for the maintenance of the curate, the faid reftor of Armagh and his fucceflbrs (hall from thenceforth be difeharged from the payment of the falary to the curate, who (hall be ib endowed ; fuch writing to be regiftered in the regiftry of the (aid diocefe, and enrolled in the rolls office in the chancery of this kingdom; for which enrollment the fame fee herein before fpecified, and no more, (hall be paid.

• V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, di^^r^eTfrom ^at *ke habitants and parifhioners of each of the faid in-repair i»g other tended new pariflies, from the time fuch churches or chapels charchor chapel, (hall be fo erefted in their parifli, (hall be difeharged from *c*	the	repairing any other church or chapel ; and that the mi-

nifter, church wardens, and the proteftant inhabitants of each of the faid intended new pariflies, or the major part of them in veftry aflembled, (hall have power to cleft all parochial officers in fuch manner, as any of the inhabitants of any other parifli are by law empowered, and to aflefs, applot, and levy upon the lands or inhabitants of their faid parifli fuch fums of money, as may be requifite for keeping their church or chapel in repair, and providing fuch neceflaries for the ufe of their refpeftive churches, and the celebration of divine fervice there, and to aflefs, applot, and levy fuch falary for a pari(h clerk in each of the faid intended pariflies in fuch manner, as may by law be raifed for the clerk of any other parifli; and fuch pari (h clerks in each of the faid intended pariflies (hall at all times be entitled to fuch provifion and maintenance, as the clerk of the parifh of Armagh would be entitled to, in cafe this aft had not been made ; and fuch pariflies (hall have all parochial rights by law appertaining to any other pariflies ; faving neverthelefs to the leftorof Armagh, and his fucceflbrs, all his and their right as rectors of Armagh.

fce<ft©r not VI. Provided alfo, That this aft (hall not be conftrned difeharged from fo as to discharge the faid reftor of Armagh or his fticcek cure of fouls and fors from the cure Qf fouk or any other parochial duties in utlc,‘	any	of the (aid intended new parifhes; but fuch cure of

fouls and duties (hall remain in him and them as before the paffing this aft.

CHAP.

Re&or dif-rhargedfrom fa-lary of curate, dec.





The feventh Tear of George III. CHAP. XX.

3 59

A. &

An AS for continuing y reviving, and amending feveral Tem-porary Statutes, and other Purpofes therein mentioned.

XI. A KD whereas by an ad pafled in the laft feflioft of /~\ Parliament ybr encouraging the planting of timber trees (to be planted after the palling of the faid ad) it is en-t&ed as an encouragement, that tenants for life renewable for ever ihould not be impeachable for wade in timber trees : bat fome doubt has arifen, whether perfons holding by fee farm, (thongh feited of an higher eftate^ are included in the laid ad: be it enaded by the authonty aforefaid, That perfons holding by fee farm fhall be entitled to enjoy all Aich exemptions, privileges, and encouragements, as are granted to tenants for lives renewable for ever by the faid ad.

5 0. 3. 17-tenant ly fe« furni mtitlcd to

privileges, ice. then by granted to tcrunu ro* ncv^able lot ever.

XII. And whereas the county of Tipperary from its fi- Prefentmem tuation and circumftances requires large fums to be raifed f°r tr^furcr of for the repair of roads and other publick purpofes, and requires a treafurer converfant in accounts, and who can a year above tbs

aood and fufficient fecurity for fuch large fums, as muft uiu*l fum.

irily be raifed in that county i and whereas the yearly fum, which the grand jury of faid county have' power to prrfent for the treafurer of faid county by the laws now in force, is in no refped adequate to the trouble and expcnce ittending faid office: be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firll day of July, one thoufend feven hundred and fixty eight, the grand jury of the affixes to be held for the faid county of Tipperary from time to time fhall have power, if they think fit, to make preferments in the ufual manner for the raifing any fum not exceeding twenty pounds a year for the treafurer of faid coonty for the time being, over and above the fum which the £rand jury of faid county is empowered by the laws aowrn force to prefent for fuch treafurer, and the judges at fitch affizes fhall and may confirm fuch preferment.

CHAP.

Digitized by

Google

The /eventh Tear of George III.

G H A P. XXL

An A cl to continue and amend an Adi paffed in the third Tear of His Mai-fly s Reign y entitled, An A3 to amend and explain an Act, made in the thirty-third Tear of the Reign of Henry the Eighth, entitled, An A3 for Tythes, and for other Purpofc’s therein mentioned.

Perpetual by 1X7HEREAS by an ad of Parliament made in this 11 and 12 G. 3. VV kingdom in the thirty-third year of the reign of f- 9- King Henry the eighth, entitled, An a3 for Tythes, it is amongft other things enabled, That all and lingular per-fons of this land, of what -edate, degree, or condition fo-cver they be, fhall fully, truly, and cffedually divide, fet out, yield, or pay all and fmgular tythes and offerings according to the lawful cuftoms and ufages of the paroches and places, where fuch tythes or duties fhall grow, arife, and become due : and whereas the good intentions of the faid ad have been in a great meafure defeated by the frauds of the perfons, who ought to pay fuch tythes, in not giving reafonable notice to the perfons intitled to receive the fame, and other contrivances when notice has been given, and the perfons have attended to receive fuch tythes purfuant thereto : he it enabled by the King’s moll excellent Majef-ty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflera-Ovrner of bled, and by the authority of the fame, That every owner corn,hay, peas, of corn, hay, or peas, or beans, (except peas or beans 48 hours Notice	grow	in	gardens) fhall, before he fhall remove the

of fetting out laid corn, hay, or peas, or beans, give notice in writing to tidies, ice. the perfons entitled to receive fuch tythes, or his known prodor or manager, of the time of fetting out fuch tythes forty-eight hours at lead before fuch intended time of fetting out the fame ; which notice fnallbe delivered to theperfonfo entitled to receive fuch tythes, or his known prodor or manager, or, in cafe neither of them can be found at hishoufeor ufual place of abode within the faid pariih, fuch notice (hall be given to fome perfon living in fuch houfe, who is above the age of fixteen years ; and that all perfons, who give fuch notice, fhall without fraud, covin, or wilful delay, truly and effedually divide, fet out, and deliver fuch tythes to the perfons intitled to receive the fame, who fhall attend for that purpofe purfuant to fuch notice ; and that it (hall be lawful for the perfons receiving fuch tythes to make the fame in flocks or otherwife on the field, where the fame grew, and where the fame may remain and be preferved, fo long as the red or any part of the red of the corn, hay,

The feventh Tear of George III.	361

or other things (hail remain on the (aid field undrawn by the A. D. owner.	1767.

II.	Provided always, That if the perfon intitled to re- Chap. 21. ceive the faid tythes, or his known manager or proctor,

have no place of refidence in the faid parifh, or, if many pa- On non-refi-rifhes be united by virtue of any union, in one of the faid united parities, that then and in fuch cafe it (hall be fuffici- notjCC affixed to ent to give the faid notice of the time of fetting out the tythes the church door by affixing the fame on the door of the parifh church forty-	*‘ll	*

eight hours before the time of fetting out the faid tythes ; * acut* which notices (hall continue fo affixed from the hour of ten of the clock in the forenoon ’till the hour of one of the clock in the afternoon of the day, it (hall be fo affixed.

III.	And whereas the clergy in fuits for fubflra&ion of qd ^ for

predial tythes are unncceffimly put to great trouble and cx- fubftration of

pence in producing witnefles to prove their indihdiou and ?rf* hal tithes

other qualifications in cafes, where there is no difpute, who	t0

,	. n	.	rriii	1	prove	incum-

the incumbent is : for the prevention ot fuch delays and ex- J,cnt or impro-

pcnces, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it priator by repu-(hallbe fufficient for every ecclefiaflical perfon or lay impto* tationandaAing priator in any fuit for the fubilrartion of predial tythes to * prove, that filch perfon was and is reputed to be an incumbent or impropriator of fuch parifh, and had afted at fuch at or before the time, the right of the tythes fued for accrued, without producing or proving any other title ; except the title of the perfon promoting fuch fuit (hall be controverted, and it (hall be pleaded by the party fo fued in fuch caufes, that the perfon profecuting fuch fuit is not the true and legal incumbent or impropriator.

IV.	And whereas by the prefent method of proceeding in the ecclefiaflical courts in fuits for fubflra&ion of predial tythes the parties, cited in fuch caufes, are often put to great expences in excommunicating them for contempt in not appearing, and the perfons promoting fuch fuits are delayed in the profecution thereof: and whereas it is by the faid a&, mad? in this kingdom in the thirty-third year of the reign of Henry the eighth, further ena&ed. That in every cafe or matter for detaining or witholding tythes or offerings, the jud^e, having their parties or their lawful procurators before him, (hall and may proceed to the examination, hearing, and determining of every fuch caufe or matter ordinarily or fummarily according to the courfc of the King’s ecclefiaflical laws 2 and whereas notwithflanding the (aid law fuits for predial tythes are carried on in the cccle-fiaflical court in a plenary manner to the trouble and expence of the perfon fo fued, and often for very fmall foms of money : be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That

for the future before any citation (hall iffue under the feal cf	to

any ceclcfiaftical court in any caufc for fubftra&ion of p^: recover "rcdul

dial tythes, 8tz.

Digitized by

Google

T& Jeventb Yt*r tf Georg* III.

A. IX	dial tythes, a petition or complaint in writing (hall be lodg-

1767.	ed in the regiftry of fuch court, in which (hall be infcrted

Chap* a 1. all the predial tythes then due to the perfon, at whofe in-fiance fuch citation (hall be iffued, by the perfon fo to be cited} fo as that no fecond fuit (hall be commenced againft the fame perfon for any fuch predial tythes, which lhafl have become due before that time ; and a copy of fuch petition or complaint, attefled by the regifter of fuch court, (hall be ferved upon the party fo to be cited along with the copy of fuch citation ; which citation (hall alfo contain an intimation to. the party fo to be cited, that whether he (hall appear at the time and place appointed thereby, or (hall contumacioufly abfent himfelf, the judge of the (aid court wiH neverthelefs proceed in a fummary way to hear and finally determine fuch caufe upon the day affigned by fuch citation : provided, that the time afligned in fuch citation for the appearance of the party fo to be cited, (hall not be fooner than thirty (fays after the date of fuch citation $ and that the fame (hall be ferved together with fuch copy of fuch petition or complaint within three days after the date of fuch citation in fuch manner, as citations are ufually ferved in other cafes in the £ud courts; and upon the return of fuch citation and intimation as aforefaid, and due proof made of the fervice thereof, with fuch copy of fuch petition or complaint, aa before dire&ed, by oath in writing on the back of fuch citation or annexed thereto, fworn before the judge of the court from whence the fame iflued, it (hall be lawful for the faid judge thereupon to proceed in a fummary way to hear and determine fuch caufe by examination of witnefTes viva voce) and fuch other legal proofs as (hall be offered to him on behalf of either of the parties, and to give final fentence thereupon either in prefence of the party fo cited and intimated or his prodtor, if he (hall appear, or, in pain of his contumacy, in cafe he (hall abfent himfelf, and to adjudge cofts to the party, who (hall prevail in fuch fuit, not exceeding one pound fix (hillings and eight-pence.

V.	And be it further cna6ted by the authority afbre-

.	faid, That it (hall and maybe lawful to exhibit fuch petition

tion of advocate 9	,	.	..	7.	,	^	,	r	1

or pro&or ne- or complaint m writing without the iublcnption 01 an ad-

ceffary to faid vocate or pro£tor; ano that no exception (hall be admitted petirion, &c. any fuch petition or complaint for any defedt in form; and that it (hall be lawful for either of the parties to appear m fuch c*ufcft without any pto&or, if they (hall think fit fo to do ; and the refpe&ivc judges and rfegifters are hereby required td receive fuch appearances, and to receive fuch proofs at (hall he offered, tod finally to hear and determine fuch cdufds m the mod fumitory manner without any regard to the formality of proceedings, and regarding only the jufiice of the tab $ and that it dfeaU mot be lawful for fitch

judges

Digitized by

Tie Jeveati Tear ef George III. judges or regifters to exaft or receive any fees whatfoeuer from either of the parties in fuch fuiti for predial tythes j but in lieu of fuch fees it (hall and may be lawful for the ordinaries of every diocefe to grant fuch fum out of their proxies due to them at their annual vifitstion to the judge and regider of their refpeftive courts, as they in their discretion (hall think a reafonble recompence for fuch fees, as they would have refpeftively been intitled to in fuch Suits for fubftraftion of tythes, in cafe this aft had not been palled.

VI.	And whereas it is by the faid in part recited aft further enafted, That if any fuch perfon or perfons after Sentence definitive given againft them obftinately and wilfully refuie to pay their tythes or duties, or fuch Sums of money So adjudged wherein they be condemned for the fame, that then two judices of the peace for the fame (hire, whereof one to be of the quorum, (hall have authority by this aft upon information, certificate, or complaint to them made in writing by the faid ecclefiafiical judge that gave the faid Sentence, to caufe the party fo refilling to be attached and committed to the next gaol, and there to remain without bail or mainprize till he or they (hall have fouod Sufficient Securities to be bound by recognizance or otherwife to the King to perform the fame definitive fentcnce or judgment : and whereas the drift execution of the (aid claufe would be very inconvenient to the judices of the peace, who mud meet to grant fuch warrants, and alfo to the perfons who are fo to be attached : be it enafted by the authority afore-laid, That for the future no fuch attachment or committal (hall be made by fuch judices of the peace ; but where any mentor cotn-perfon ox perfons are condemned in any fum or fums of mo- nuttal purfaant ney for predial tythes or cods of fuit in any fuch caufe, and the party fo condemned (hall refufe or negleft after forvice of 0f tythes or a monition for that purpofe from the court, where fuch fen- fums adjudged, tence is or (hall be given, and proof made upon oath of*c* the due fervice thereof, by the (pace of fifteen days after fuch fervice to Satisfy and pay to the party obtaining fuch fentence fuch fum or fums, as (hall be fo decreed, it (hall and may be lawful for the perfon or perfons fo obtaining fuch fentence or Sentences, their executors or adminidrators, to foe for the money fo decreed by civil bill before the next going judges of aflize for the county, where the party, againfl whom fuch Sentence was pronounced, (hall refide, or in any other court where civil bills are or (hall be allowed to he brought, in fuch manner as fuits by civil bills are now allowed to be brought, fo as the fame do not exceed the fum of twenty pounds ; and a true copy of fuch monition under the Seal of the court, from whence the fame idued, and proof upon oath of the due fervice thereof fifteen dap at lead

before

No attach-

Digitized by L,ooQle

364 A. D. 1767. Chap. 21.

Appeal from ecclefiaftical court as before.

Defendant

The /eventh Tear of George III. before the hearing of fuch civil bill, fhall be judged fiiffici-ent and conclufive evidence of the film due ; and the party-obtaining a decree in fuch fuit fhall be intitled to fuch execution and procef3 with the ufual cofts of civil bills.

VII.	Provided, That all perfons fhall be intitled to appeal from fuch fentences in fuch ecclefiaftical courts upon fuch terrm, and in fuch manner, as they might heretofore have done fince the making of the faid ad made in the thir-ty-thi d year of the reign of Henry the eighth.

VIII.	Provided alfo, That if it fhall appear to fuch

may give in evi- judge of aflize, that the matter is of ecclefiaftical cogni-HmttcrUblC^UCnt zance>	lawful for any defendant fued by civil

bill under this adl to give in evidence any matter or thing fubfequent to the fentence in the ecclefiaftical court, which may be fufficient either in law or equity to difeharge him of the whole or any part of the fum or fums decreed againft him by the faid fentence.

IX.	Provided alfo. That the faid court fhall be a court of equity to the defendant fo as to enable the defendant to examine the plaintiff or his known prodtoror manager upon oath, upon giving rcafonable notice to the plaintiff or fuch pro&or that his attendance is expe&ed at the hearing of fuch civil bill.

X.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained fhall extend to or be conftrued to extend to give or confirm a right in the incumbent to any fpecies of tythes, to which he is not already entitled by law or equity.

XI.	And whereas the people called quakers do alledge, that it is againft their confciences to pay tythes and othdr cuftomary dues belonging to the church ; and by reafon of their confdencious fcruples do refufe to fet out or repay the fame, whereby they have fubjedled themfelves to many inconveniences : in order therefore to provide a remedy for the recovery of tythes and other church rights of the value herein after mentioned, where any quaker fhall refufe to fet out or pay the fame?, be it ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That where any quaker fhall refufe to pay, compound for, or fet out his great or final! tythes, or pay any cufto-

or dues 2 juftices mary or other rights or dues belonging to any church or c*»m,nc chapel, \frhich by law and cuftom ought to be paid, it fhall ment,r &c Pay* an<* may ke law^lllt0 an(l f°r tvvo juftices of the peace of the fame county (other than fuch juftice of the peace as is patron of any fuch church or chapel, or any ways interefted in the faid tythes) upon complaint of any re&or, vicar, farmer, or proprietor of tythes, or other perfon who by law and cuftom ought to have, receive, or colle& any fuch tythes, dues, or payments as aforefaid, to fummon, and they are hereby authorized and required to fummon, in writing under

their

May on rea-

fonable notice examine on oath.

No right under this a& to incumbent to illegal tithe.

Quakers re-fufins: tithes

Digitized by

Google

The /eventh Tear of George III.	3^5

their hands and feals fuch quaker or quakers, againft whom A. D. fuch complaint fhall be made ; and after his or their appear- 1767.. ance, or upon default of appearance, the fervice of the faid Chap. 21% fummons being- firft duly proved, to examine upon oath u-**-Y"^***> (which oath the faid juttices are hereby empowered to ad-minifter) the truth and juftice of faid complaint, and determine the fame in afummary way, and to afeertajn and ftatc what is due and payable by fuch quaker or quakers to the party or parties complaining, and by order under their hands and feals to diredf and appoint the payment thereof; fo as the fum ordered as aforefaid exceed not the fum of ten pounds ; and in cafe fuch quaker or quakers fhall refufe to pay the fum, which fhall be foddered to be paid, that then it fhalJ and may be lawful to and for the faid juflicts ly warrant under their hands and icals to levy the money', theieLy oideitd to be paid, by a reafonable diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuch offender, rendering to him the overplus ; tvery fuch diftrefs, if not redeemed, to be fold by ’ publiek cant to the higheft and faircfl bidder at the next market town adjoining the place where fuch diftrefs fhall be taken, the perfon or perfons diftraining firft cakfing notice in writing to be petted up four days previous to the time of fuch fale ; and if any perfon or perfons fhall find him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by any judgment given by fuch two juftices of the peace, he, fhc, or they inay appeal to the next going judges of aflize at the next aflizes to be held for the county, who may and (hall proceed finally to hear and determine, and to reverfe or affirm the faid judgment ; as upon the merits of the caufe fhall appear juft and equitable; and if the faid judges of aflize fhall find caufc to affirm the judgment given by the faid two juftices of the peace, they fhall decree the fame accordingly, and fhall award fuch cofts againft the appellant to be levied by a reafonable diftrefs and fale of the goods of the faid appellant in manner aforefaid, as to them fhall feem jull and reafonable.

XII.	Provided always, That in cafe any fuch appeal be On appeal no

made as aforefaid, no warrant of diftrefs fhall be granted, diflrek tUldo-until after fuch appeal be determined.	termine

XIII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained No remedy fhall extend to give any remedy to any re&or, vicar, or pro- for tithes to prietor of tythes for the recovery of any fpeeies of tythes,

to which he or they is or are not already entitled by law and tom*. cuftom.

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- A•10 Quaker*

faid, That the feveral claufes and provifoes herein contained,	%

relative to the recover)' of tythes and other church dues from y }

the faid people called quakers, fhall continue in force for two years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament, and no longer.

XV- And

/

Digitized by v^ooQle

566	The fiventh Tear of George III.

A. I>.	✓ XV. And whereas with the aid of the Bang's bounty's

1767. granted by the commiffioners of the firft fruits, a new church hath been erefted and confecrated on the lands of Coletrain New church in the county of Fermanagh, and diocefe* of Clogher, in-of ftead of the antient parifh church of Aughalurcher many S^halurd^r.0 Jcar8 in ruins, and divine fervice hath been performed there-m for more than five years laft patft : be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the laid new erefted church on the lands of Coletrain be deemed from henceforth the parifh church of Aughalurcher to all intents and purpofes whatfo-cver.

No prodor to ad as tithe-farmer unlefs proprietor of the land.

Continuance a years, Ac. from 24 June 1768.

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no proftor in the fpiritual courts in any diocefe in this kingdom (hall be allowed to aft as a tythe farmer, or to take any tythes, except of fuch lands of which he is proprietor or occupier.

XVII.	Provided always, That this aft fhall be and remain in force for two years from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight, and to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament.

CHAP. XXII.

Ait Aft far promoting the Trade of Ireland by enabling the Merchants thereof to ereQ an Exchange in the City of Dub* Im.

*T XT HERE AS by an aft paffed this prefent feffion of VV Parliament, entitled, An aft for granting to his Ma-13286I. 18s. 4d J$y an Additional duty on beer, aley Jlrong waters, wine, to-to commiffion- bacco9 hides, and other goods and merchandizes therein meati-ert for widening 0ned> and for prohibiting the importation of all gold and Jifaer Sff^bridge1 ^ace' **cet* °f f^e otanufafture of Great Britain, a fum of thir-&c#	^	9	teen	thoufand	two	hundred	eighty fix pounds,, eighteen

fhi]ting8, and four-pence, was granted to the commiffioners for makin 7 wide and convenient pailages from Eflex-bridge to the Caftle of Dublin, to be laid out by them in the pur-chafe of ground and intereft on Cork-hill, leading to his Majefty's Caftle, to make an open and commodious pafiage thereto, and for a plot of ground fufficient to ereft an Exchange on : and whereas the faid money was granted upon the application and at the inftance of the merchants of the faid city of Dublin : and whereas a convenient and proper exchange for the merchants and traders of the faid city of Dublin to meet in andtranfaft bufinefs is greatly wanted, and the faid merchants have endeavoured with great care and af-fiduity to colleft a fund for the purpofe of building a commodious and convenient Exchange, and they are willing to ereft fuch Exchange, and to keep the fame in repair : and *	* -	I	wberai

Digitized by v^ooQle

Tie feventl Tear of George III. whereas the purchafe of the faid plot of ground for building an Exchange on is not yet compleated by the faid com-miffioners, and it will be neceflary, when the fame (hall be compleated, that the laid plot of ground for building the faid Exchange on (hould be Jet apart and appropriated for ever for the purpofes of the faid Exchange, and that (ome feled body of the (aid merchants and traders with others (hould be vefted with powers and authority to plan out, ere&, and compleat a convenient building for the purpofe of an Exchange, and from time to time for ever to repair and keep the fame In order: for the efie&ing whereof, be it en« a&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpintual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid commiflioners for widening the flreets and paflages, fo foon as they have com- ert for widening pleated the purchafeof the faid ground, (hall and do con- ftreet* to convey vcythe faid plot of ground for building an Exchange upon uoto the guild or corporation, commonly called the mailers,	££r*vcc

wardens, and brethren of the corporation of merchants or chafed for a* guild of the Holy Trinity of the city of Dublin and their exchange, fucceffbrs for ever, and that they be empowered to accept of the faid conveyance.

If. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Tj,c ^ That from and immediately after the faid commiilioners then vefted is (hall have compleated the purchafe of the faid ground pur- faid corporation fuantto the faid recited a& of this feflion, and conveyed the faihc in purfuance of this aft, the faid plot of ground (hall *Ur*K>W* be declared to be vefted in the a&ual feixin and poffeffion of the (aid guild or corporation, called the mailer, wardens, and brethren of the corporation of merchants or jjuild of the Holy Trinity of the city of Dublin, and their fucceffbrs for ever, for the foie purpofes and ufe$ of building thereon a ptnvenient and commodious Exchange and place of meeting for the merchants and traders of the city of Dublin.

III. And for the more convenient and conftant management and tranfa&ing the fevcral matters neceflary for the ere&i.og and building a convenient Exchange and place of meeting on the faid ground, herein before for that purpofe vefted or intended to he vefted in the faid guild of merchants and their fucceflbrs, and keeping the fame from time to time in good order and repair, and regulating the fame and all matters re'ating thereto, he it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the following perfons, all of the Trnfteesfar city of Dublin, merchants, to wit, Thomas Read, Mat- ^mpj^iogfaid thewWeld, Robert Jaffray, TheophilusThompfon, Travers exchange. Hartley, Jofeph Fletcher, Edward StretteH, Jofeph Lynam,

George Sutton, George Maquay, Alexander Jaffray, Robert Magee, Abraham Wilkinfon, William Thompfon,

WilUani

ComnilEM.

Digitized by CjOOQle

368	The fevcnth Tear of George III.

A. D. William Colvill, and George Godrey Hoffman, together 1767.	with the lord mayor and (heriffs of the faid city of Dub-

Chap. 22. lin, the two citizens representing the faid city in Parliament, the treafurer of the faid city, and the Senior matter of the guild cf merchants, all for the time being, be conttituted and appointed truftees for the purpofes of planning, ered-iug, and compleating according to their judgment and discretion the faid exchange and place ot meeting for the merchants and traders of the faid city of Dublin, and for keeping the lame in good order and repair, and for regulating all matters relating thereto ; and that it Shall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, to plan, defign, ered, compleat, and finiSh a building for the purpofe of an exchange and place of meeting for the merchants and traders of the faid city of Dublin, and to keep the fame from time to time in order and repair, and to regulate all matters relating thereto.

IV.	Be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, VaT*sto rniat for the fupplying and continuing a number of fit and in fodays’after a^e merchants to be truftees for putting in execution the notice by furvi- powers and trufts contained in this ad, when any of the vore or any 7, merchants herein before named (that is to fay) Thomas Read, *c#	Matthew	Weld,	Robert Jaffray, Theophilus Thompfon, Tra-

vers Hartley, Jofeph Fletcher, Edward Strettell, Jofeph Ly-nam, George Sutton, George Maquay, Alexander Jaffray, Robert Magee, Abraham Wilkinfon, William Thompfon, WriHiam Colvill, and George, Godfrey Hoffman, (hall die, or refufe to ad, or refign, that then and in fuch cafe the matters for the tijne being of the Said guild or corporation, called the guild of merchants of the faid city, at fome con-* venient time within ten days after notice given to them thereof by the furviving truftees, or any Seven of them, (hall by publick notice to be given for that purpofe in the Dublin Gazette convene at the common hall of the faid guild an affembly of fuch members, not being lefs than thirty, as (hall have at the time of holding fuch affembly the allowance of fix and ten per cent. at the cuftom houfe as wholesale rtierchants, and then and there (hall eled a merchant, or, in cafe there (hall be then more than one vacancy, a number of merchants, fufficient to fill up fuch vacancies, and qualified as aforefaid for three years next before fuch day of eledion, in the room and (lead of the faid merchant or merchants herein before named, fo dying, refitting, or refigning as aforefaid, and fo from time to time for ever upon the death, refufal, or refignation of any of the faid merchants, fo from time to time to be eleded, one or more merchant or merchants, fo qualified as aforefaid, (hall be eleded and chofen in manner aforefaid from time to time in the room and itead of the merchant or merchants fo dying, 9	refitting,

Digitized by L»ooQle

The fcventh Ytcr of George til.	36$

tefuiing* or refigning j fo as that there may be always a bo* A* D. dy of fixteen merchants, qualified as aforefaid, fubfilling 1767. for the purpofes aforefaid, over and above the faid lord Chap. 22* tnayor, Iheriffe, reprefentatives in Parliament, treafur*er, and fenior mailer for the time being.

V.	And be it further cnaded by the authority afore- Thifteei to faid. That the faid truftees* or any feven or more of them* weet11 t>uild fhall and may meet and affemble themfelves at the place, *c‘ called the Guild Hall in the city of Dublin, on the full

Monday next after the palling of this ad, and afterwards at fuch times and at fuch places in the city of Dublin* as the faid truftees or any feven or more of them fhall from time to time think proper, until the faid exchange fhall be ereded and finiihed, and from and after the fame fhall be ereded and finiihed then to meet and aftemble themfeltes at the faid exchange ; at which faid feveral and refpedivc meetings fo to be had from time to time the lord mayor of the faid city of Dublin for the time being, when prefent, (hall be prefident*

VI.	And be it further cnaded by the authority afore- Trcfler^in-faid, That the faid truftees herein before nominated and ap- enrj-oiatcd, by pointed, and hereafter to be eleded and chofen purfuant to c^mnl’on'/tal* this ad, and their fuccefibrs, (hall be for ever a body politick Jtt.

and corporate 5 and (hall be perforts capable in iaw to fue andbefued, plead and be impleaded, anfwer and be anfwer-ed unto, in all courts of law and equity by the name of the truftees of the Royal Exchange of Dublin, and (hall make and ufe a common fcal for the purpofc9 aforefaid j and alio ihall be capable in law by fuch name to take fecurities for any Aim or fums of money due Or to be due to them a9 trustees as aforefaid* and for performance of any agreement or eontrad entered into or to be entered into with them, or for the due execution of afty power or authority committed by them to any perfon or perfon3 concerning the faid exchange , m the building and ereding thereof* or in repairing and keeping the fame in good order and condition ; 2nd alio that the laid truftees or any feven or more of them may enter into and execute all fuch contrads and agreements, as fhall be neceflary for or relative to the execution of the faid truft ; bnd alfo fhall and may nominate and appoint a treafurer, and clerk or regifter, and other neceftary officers and fervants, with fuitable {Salaries or wages refpedively from time to time to hold during their pleafure ; and that fervice of fuch clerk or regifter for the time being with any fubpoena* order, decree, or proccfs of any court of law or equity, with fuch fubpoena, order, decree, or proctfs, fhall be fufficient fer-rice of the faid truftees ; fo as fuch fervice be made twenty days at leaft before the return of fuch fubpoena, order, decree*

Vo'l. V.	A	a	or

Digitized by L.ooQle

7 may make arul vary bye laws.

The feventh Tear of George III. or procefa, or the time appointed by fuch order, decree, or procefs for obedience thereto.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid truf-tees and their fuccefTors, or any feven or more of them, from time to time to make reafonable bye laws, orders, and directions for the better regulation of the faid royal exchange and place of meeting, and for the government of their officers and fervants, and to vacate, vary, or alter the fame from time to time, as to them fhall feem meet and convenient.

Itruftees may VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-convene a n.ect- faid, That it fhall and may be lawful for any three or more of >ng by fum-	the faJ^ truflees, or their fuccefTors, from time to time to

,noD8*	convene the faid truflees or their fuccefTors, and for that

purpofe that any three or more of the faid truflees or their fuccefTors fhall and may fign a direction in writing, containing the time and place in the faid city of Dublin where fuch meeting fhall he had, to the perfon, who fhall be appointed clerk or regifler to the faid truflees or their fuccefTors by virtue of this act ; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch clerk or regifler to ifTue a fummons to the faid truf-tees or their fuccefTors purfuant to fuch direction.

* days notice IX. Provided always. That two days previous notice of meeting. fhall be given of fuch meeting in the ufual manner to the faid truflees refpectively, or to fuch of them as fhall be then refident in the faid city of Dublin, or the liberties thereof or thereto adjoining ; and that any feven or more of them, fhall and may tranfad any bufinefs at the time of fuch meeting.

The ground X. And whereas it is apprehended, that one part of the deemtd part of ground, whereon the faid royal exchange and place of meet-the ci°tUnt^	*s *ntenc^ to built, is in the county of Dublin, and

e Clt^‘	another	part	thereof	is	in	the	county	of	the	city of Dublin,

which may be productive of many inconveniencies, if the fame fhould remain under fuch uncertainty : be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and immediately after the faid plot of ground, by this and the faid recited act appropriated for the building of the faid royal exchange and place of meeting, fhall be conveyed to the faid guild of merchants, the fame fhall from thenceforth for ever be part of the county of the city of Dublin, and bd deemed, adjudged, reputed, and taken in all courts of law and equity to be part and parcel of and fituated in the county of the city of Dublin. '

Suits to be XI. 'And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

^terILdtdonc18 ^at ^ any action fhall be brought or fuit commenced ^cr a on > ^gainft perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfu-

6	ance

Digitized by

Google

The feventh Tear of George III.	371

smceof this aft, or in relation to the premises, or any of A. D. them, every fuch aftion or fuit (hall be laid or brought with- 1767. in fix months next after the faft done, ai d (hall be laid or brought in the county of the city of Dublin, and mot elfc-where; and that the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion may plead the general iflue, and give this aft and thefpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuanee and by authority of this aft ; and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch a*lion or fuit (hall not be brought within the time before limited, or (hall be brought in any other county or place than as aforefaid, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants ; or if tho plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or fuller a discontinuance of his, her, or their aftion or anions, or if a verdift (hall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgment (hall be given again ft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the laid defendant or defendants fhaL have double coils, and (hall have fuch remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- ApnbKcka& faid, That this aft (hall be declared to be a publ'ck aft, and (hall be deemed and t'ak.a notice of as fuch hy all judges, jtiilices, and others in all courts and places without pleading the fame.

CHAP. XXIII.

An Act for the further Pnf rvalion of Woods and Timber Tries.

WHEREAS the feveral afts pr.fTcd for the preferva- Amended tj,

tion of woods and timber trees have in a great *4 G. 3* <>. 39*

mefthre proved ineffeftual : be it cnafted by the King’s mod **

excellent Mttjeily by and with the advice a:.d confent of the

lards fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent

Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That from and after the^firft day of Auguft, one thoufand Grubbing Ac.

feven hundred and lixty eight, every perfon or perfons, who With°u: owner*# n n .	r	I	\ 1	r	*	authority tre-

Ihall grub up, law, otncrwile cut down any tree or trees, kje vuluc ac-

not being thereunto authorized bv the owner or owners of cording to the fuch tree or trees, (hall 011 conviftion thereof before one juf- valuation herein tice cf the peace on the oath of one credible witnefs, for- m*utlon::d. frit for every' fuch offence to the owner or owners of fuch tree or trees treble the value of fuch tree or trees, according to the valuation hereinafter for that purpofe mentioned ; every a(h, elm, beech, or fycamore tree of half an inch diameter, (hall be valued at no lefs than fix pence halfpenny; and every fuch tree of one inch diameter fhall be valued at « A a a	bo

$1* r\

A. D.

1767. Chap. *3*

C/’V'^w

Tk feventh Tear of Geprge III. no lefs than one (hilling; and every fuch tree of two inches diameter, (hall be valued at no lefs than two (hillings; and every fuch tree of, three inches diameter (hall be valued at no lefs than two (hillings and fix pence; and every fuch tree of four inches diameter (hall be valued at no lefs than three (hillings ; and every fuch tree of five inches diameter (hall be valued at no lefs than four (hillings ; and every fuch tree of fix inches diameter (hall be valued at no lefs than four (hillings and fix pence > and every fuch tree of feven inches diameter (hall be valued at no lefs than fix (hillings ; and every fuch tree of eight inches diameter (hall be valued at no lefs than eight (hillings; and every oak tree from half an inch diameter to eight inches diameter (hall always be valued at double the value of any of the above mentioned trees; and every fuch oak, afh, elm, beech, and fycamore tree above eight inches diameter (hall be valued by two apprr.izen fworn for that purpofe ; and the diameter of every fuch tree (hall be meafured at the butt end ; the faid penalty at treble value according to the valuations aforefaid to be levied by diffrefs and fale of the goods of the offender or offenders; and where no diftrefs can be found, the faid offender or offenders (hall be committed to the common gaol of the county, where fuch offence was committed, by warrant under the hand and fe?I of fuch j tiff ice for any time not exceeding twelve months, there to remain without bail or mainprize; and every perfon buying or receiving any tree or trees, knowing the fame to be (tolen, (hall on convi&ion as aforefaid be liable to all the pains and penalties aforefaid.

II.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of Auguff one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight, no perfon (h$ll ftrip bark value of the from any grow{ng tree or trees, unlefs being thereunto au-*****	thorized	by the owner or owners of fuch tree or trees, on

pain of forfeiting to the faid owner or owners on conviction thereof before one juftice of the peace on the oath of one credible witnefs treble the value of fuch tree or trees ; and every fuch tree from one inch diameter to eight inches diameter (hall he valued according to the valuation above mentioned ; and every tree above eight inches diameter fhall be valued by two appraizers fworn for the purpofe ; and no none,fave tan- perfon, except publick and known tanners and dyers, and ,ner, dyer, &c. perfons poffeffed of woods, (hall keep any bark or rind of trees in their houfes or other places, under pain of forfeiting to any informer a fum not exceeding fifty (hillings, nor lefs than thirty, on conviction as aforefaid j the faid penalties to be levied by diilrefs and fale of the goods of the offender or offenders ; and, when no difirefs can be found, the faid offender or offenders (hall be committed to the common gaol of the county, where fuch offence was committed, by war-1	rant

Stripping bark of growing tree, tre-

to keep bark, under penalty to informer not above 50I. nor under 30I.

Die ' by L )Qle

The feventb Tear of George III. rant under the hand and Teal of fuch juftice for any term not exceeding fix months, there to remain without bail or mainpnze; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for any condable, officer, or other perfon, by warrant under the hand and feal of any one juftice of the peace, granted upon information on oath, to make fearch in all fufpecied houfes and other places, for bark or rind of any tree.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That from and after the firll day of Auguft one thou- trees, Ac. find feven hundred and fixty eight, it (hall and may be law-

fid for any conftable, officer, or other perfon by warrant un- ^ dcr the hand and feal of any one juftice of the peace, grant- jnj? hrmtftly cd upon information upon oath, to make fearch iu all fuf- bought or pe&ed houfes and places for any wood, trees, poles, or tim- 6|*enj con* her; and if fuch perfon (hall find any of the premiffes in Vic c the poffeffionof any perfon or perfons fufnedted to be guilty ©f the offences aforelald, he (hall bring luch fufpefted perfon or perfons before fuch juftice of the peace ; and if inch fufpe&ed perfon or perfons (hall not make full and clear proof to the fatisfa&ion of fuch juftice, that fuch wood*, trees, poles, or timber, were fairly aud honcllly bought by fuch perfon or perfons, or given to him or them by the owner •r proprietor thereof, in default thereof fuch fufpeded perfon or perfons (hall be judged, and deemed, and (hall (land convided of a breach of this ad, and (hall be fubjed to the feveral penalties above in Aided for the firft offence, in	>

manner and form there limited and exprefled ; and no writing or writings of any perfon or perfons acknowledging the receipt of a valuable confideration for fuch wood, trees, poles, or timber (hall be deemed a fufficient proof of an honed and fair purchafe, until the truth of fuch writing or writings be afeertained.

IV.	Provided always That if any perfon or perfons (hall Appeal to find him or themfelves aggrieved by any adjudication or de- dflion*. termination of any fuch juftice of the peace, it (hall and may

be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons to appeal againft the fame to the next general quarter fefiions of the peace to be held for the county or place, where fuch offence is (uppofed to have arifen, whole determination there (hall be

jmat

Or for wood.

CHAT.

Digitized by v^ooQle

37+

A. D. 1767. IVv—

The feventh Tear of George III.

CHAP. XXVI.

An AB for applying the Sum of Six Thoufand Pounds, granted by Parliament to the Corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland Navigation in this Kingdom, to be by them applied in carrying on a Navigation from the City of Lime-, rick to the deep navigable Water above the Town of Kil-laloe, and for encouraging other Perfons to fubferibe for carrying on and compleatirg the faid Work at their own Expence.

7 G. 3. I. fcc. 7.

The corporation to open a fubfcription for 10000L

Subscribers in a month after clofmg to pay ao per cent*

WHEREAS by an a£ patted this fefiion, entitled, An aft for granting and continuing to his Mayfly an additional duty on beer, ale, Jlrong waters, ovine y tobacco, hides, and other goods and merchandizes therein mentionedy and for Prohibiting the importation of all gold and fiver lace, (except of the manufacture of Great Britain,) the fum of fix thoufand pounds was granted to the corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in this kingdom, to be by them applied towards carrying on the navigation of the river Shannon from the city of Limeiick to the deep navigation water above the town of Killaloe, as foon as the fum of ten thoufand pounds Shall be fubferibed for compleatlng the faid work, and twenty pounds per cent. thereof (hall be paid into fuch perfon or perfons, as Shall for that purpofe be appointed by the faid corporation : and whereas it is reafonable and juft, that the perfons, who (hall advance their money in pur-iuance of the faid a&, ttiould be entpufted with the conduA of the faid works, and (hould alfo have fome compenfation . for their expence and trouble: be it enaded by the King's moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, that the faid corporation (hall on or before the firft day of June next open a fubfcription for carrying on and com-pleating the faid navigation ; and that the fame (hall be kept open, until the fum of ten thoufand pounds (hall be fubferibed for the purpofe aforefaid.

II. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That fuch fubferibers (hall, within the fpace of one calendar month after fubfcription (hall be clofed, pay in twenty pounds per cent. of the Turns by them refpe&ively fubferibed to fuch perfon or perfons, as (hall be appointed for that purpofe by the faid corporation ; and in default thereof the fubfcription of every perfon fo failing to pay (hall be absolutely void to all intents and purpofes ; and the faid corporation (hall open a new fubfcription for filling up fuch deficiency,

Digitized by

Google

Tie feventh Tear of George III.	375

ficiency, and proceed therein in the manner herein before A. D. dire6te<L	1767.

III.	Provided always. That no perfon fhaU be admitted to Chap. 26.

fubferibe Ids than fifty pounds.	k-——•>r—

IV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That None under

the faid corporation (hall give to the faid refpe&ive fubferib-

ers, after they (hall have respectively paid in twenty pounds ^	.

’	. r .u * c a- 1* t r • .*	r7	r-j	Certificate of

per rent, ot their rdpeCtive fubfcnptions as aforefaid, a paying 2o per

certificate under the feal of the faid corporation, in which cent.6

(hail be mentioned the fums by them respectively fubferibed

and paid.

V.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That

as foon as twenty pounds per cent, upon ail Inch fubferiptions fcribert ereAcd (hall be paid in as aforefaid, fuch fubferibers (hall be united into a coj&pany. and erected into one company for carrying on the faid navigation, and (hall from thenceforth be one body politic and corporate, by the name of the company of undertakers for making the river Shannon navigable, and (hall have perpetual fuccdUon and a common find, and by that name may fue and be fued.

VI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That	tn<j	re*

it (hall be lawful to and for the faid company from time to gulations agreed time, as often as occafion (hall require, to afiemble in the upon by the city of Limerick, and from time to time to adjourn fuch	^lod-

aflemblies, and at fuch afTemblies or the adjournments thereof to make fuch bye laws, rules, and orders for the better government of their affairs and of their members, and for

making fuch contrails and agreements, and for appointing fuch fervants and perfons for carrying on 'the faid navigation, as they (hall think fit, and to vary or repeal fuch bye laws, rules, and orders, and make new ones ; provided all fuch bye laws, rules, and orders (hall be confident with law: provided alfo, that eight days notice at the lead, including the day of fuch notice and the day of meeting, previous to fuch meeting (hall be given of the time and place of holding fuch aflemblies in the publick news papers of the city of Limerick.

VII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That The joint the joint dock of the faid company (hall be the faid fum of dock iooool. ten thoufand pounds fo fubferibed as aforefaid; and the

fame (hall be divided into (hares of fifty pounds each ; and in cafe it (hall be found neceffary to fubferibe any further fum or fums for complcating the faid navigation, fuch further fums fo fubferibed (hall be added to and become part of the joint dock of the faid company.

VIII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Perfons only ho perfon (hall vote at any affembly of the faid company, or qualified as have any right to intermeddle in any fort in the affairs of the

company.

Digitized by LjOOQle



7 Prefcnt of I>y pioxy.

Book* of fic-CPuut kept.

The corporation to pay the company frid 6000I. and fubferip lions, 4c.

Lands, locks, fee. now yefted jn the corporation, and unapplied, to be vef^ed in the fomp^ny,{ub« jedl to the rc-}fcri&ions pherein mtnti-

The fiventh Year of George III. faid company, unlcfs he or (he (hall have in his or her own name $md right, or in right of }m or her teftator or intef-tate, at lead five (hares of fuch joint Hock, and that every member of* the faid company (hall have one vote in all fuch aflemblies for every five (hares, he or (he (hall have in fuch joint dock ; and that the refpe&ive members, who (hall have a right to vote at fuch aflemblies, may appear either in perfon or by proxy appointed by an inflrument in writing under their reipe&ive hands and feals ; and that the majority of votes at fuch aflemblies (hall determine all matters in queflion; and if there (hall be an equality of votes the chairman of fuch aflemblies (hall have a calling vote befides his vote as a member of the faid company.

IX. Provided always, That at every fuch aflembly tjiere (hall be prefent either in perfon or by proxy feven members at the lcaft, wbq (hall have a right to vote thereat.

X* ^\nd be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all the apcoqnts, tranfa&ions, and proceedings of the faid Company (hall be regularly and fairly entered in books to be kept for that purpofe ; to which every perfon, having in hj$ own name ana right any (hare in fuch joint dock, 01 his or her reprefentative or reprefentatiyes, may have accefs at all reafonable times to infpeft.

XI.	And be it pnadled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid corporation (hall pay to the faid company, or to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be authorized by the faid company to receive the fame, the fum of fix thou-fand pounds, and alfo fuch furps as (hall have been pai4 in upon fuch fubferiptions, tq be applied by them in carrying on the faid navigation, and to be accounted for tq Parliament.

XII.	And be it cnadled by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral lands, tenements, and hereditaments, bridges, locks, fluices, drains, banks, dams, towing paths, and other ways, which are now veded in the faid corporation for the purpofes of carrying on the faid navigation between the city of Limerick and the deep navigable water above the town of Killaloe, and alfo all the materials and utenfils which have been or (hall bp provided before the fird day of June next for carrying qn the faid work, and alfo all fums of money which have been granted for parrying on the faid work, and which remain unapplied, (hall, from and immediately after fuch company (hall be fo eredled as aforefaid, be veiled jn the faid company and their fuccefiors ; and that fuch pompany and their fuccefiors (hall from and after the time aforefaid be invefted with, and (hall hold and enjoy, all and

Angular

Digitized by

y Google

The fcventb Tear of George III.	377

Angular the powers, privileges, advantages, and authorities A. D. in all things for the purpofes of carrying on the (aid navi- 1767, gation, as are now veiled in the laid corporation by virtue Chap, a6. of fevcral a£U made in this kingdom; lubjedl neverthelefs to the feveral reftri&ions in the faid a&s mentioned, and fubjed neverthelefs from time to time to the controul of the faid corporation.

XIII.	Provided always. That the faid company (hall

not be fubjed to any debts or damages already contracted or ®ut not to incurred, or which (hall be contra&ed or incurred before the the corpo-firfl day of June next, by the faid corporation or any perfons ration, afting under their authority.

XIV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That

in confideration of the expence and trouble which the faid Rate* pays* company lhall be put to in making and maintaining the faid to tllc navigation, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid company and their fucceflors from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to aik, demand, receive, and fue for to the ufe of the faid company the feveral rates and duties herein after mentioned (that is to fay) for every boat, barge, or pther velfel, navigating the faid river betweeu the city of Li-* merick and O’Brien’s bridge either upwards or downwards, in which any goods, merchandizes, or commodities lhall be carried, the fum of fifteen pence for every tun of the burthen or tunnage of fuch boat, barge, or other veflel, and for each paflenger in the fame two pence; and for every boat, barge, or other velTel, palung to or from the town of i£iljalpe or the deep navigable water above the £aid town, in which any goods, merchandizes, or commodities lhall be carried, the lum of two (hillings and fix pence for every tun of the burthen or tunnage of fuch boat, barge, or other yeflel, and for every paflenger in the fame four pence.

XV.	And be It enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Qn refufal, in cafe of refufal to pay the faid feveral rates and duties, it diftrel* as for lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid company and rcnt*

their fervants either to diltrain fuch boats, barges, or other juilice of veffels, or the goods therein, for the fame, and to difpofe thc pice ot the thereof as is ulual in cafes of dillrefs for non payment of county or city* rent, or to fue for and recover the fame by civil bill; and in cafe any difpute lhall arife concerning the fum to be paid for any fuch rate, the fame lhall be adjulled by any juilice of the peace of the county or city of Limerick, with liberty of appeal to either party from fuch determination to the next going judges of alfize for the county of Limerick, whofe determination therein lhall be final.

XVI.	And be it ena£ted by the authority aforefaid. No other duty That no duty, rate, or cuftom whatfoever, fave the rates take* for goods, herein mentioned, lhall be taken for any goods, merchandizes,

or

Digitized by v^.oog

No duty but u herein.

Proprietor* entitled in pro* portion to their mtereft*, Jcc.

Affignments of ftock entered.

AJTembly may call on proprietors to pay fubfcriptions, and on refufal, ten days notice of the file, Ac.

The feventh Tear of George III.

-Jr commodities, which (hall be carried by the faid navigation to the city of Limerick. <

XVII.	Provided always, That boats or other veffels laden with dung or manure only, or boats ufed for pleafiue only, (hall pay no duty; and that boats or other veffels laden with turf only (hall pay no more than at the rate of two pence per ton.

XVIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the proprietors of the faid joint dock, their executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns, (hall be entitled to the tolls, duties, advantages, and profits, hereby veiled in the faid company, in proportion to their refpe&ive interefts in the joint dock of the faid company; and that their faid feveral inter-efts therein (hall be deemed and confidered as peifonal ef-tatc, and not fubje& to any of the laws made to prevent the growth of popery.

, XIX. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That every aflignment, which (hall be made of any part of the (aid joint (lock, (hall be entered and made in a book for that purpofe, to be kept at fuch place as (hall be appointed by the faid company,

XX.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the affemblies, convened as herein before is dire&ed, from time to time and at all times, as occafion (hall require, to make one or more call or calls upon the feveral proprietors of the (aid joint dock to pay in the remainder of their refpe&ive fubfcriptions, and alfo fuch further fums as (hall be found neceffary for compleating the faid navigation : provided, fuch further fums (hall not exceed in the whole twenty pounds per cent, of the original fubfcriptions ; and in cafe of any of the proprietors of the faid joint (lock, their representatives or afiigns, (hall refufe or negle£l to pay the fums fo called for within tea days after the time, appointed by fuch affemblies for the payment thereof, notice (hall be given in the pub- ' lick newfpapers of the city of Limerick, that the faid company will proceed to fell by publick cant on fuch day, as (hall be fpecified in fuch notice, the (hare or (hares of die perfon or perfons fo refufing or negle&ing to pay the fum or fums fo called for; and unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall before the day fpecified in fuch notice to pay the re-fpc&ive fums fo called for, the faid company, or fuch perfon as they (hall appoint for the purpofe, (hall fell by pub-lick cant at the thoifel of Limerick the (hare or (hares of the perfon or perfons fo refufing to pay ; and the money, for which the fame (hall be fo fold* (hall be paid to the fail company for the ufe of fuch proprietor or proprietors 5 and fuch proprietor or proprietors (hall from thenceforth be for

ever

Digitized by

Google

The feventb Tear of George IIL	579

ever -barred of fuch (hare or (hares, and all profits arifing	A. D.

therefrom, and of all intcreft in the fame both in law and	' 1767.

equity ; and fuch (hare or (hares, and all profits and advan- Chap. 26• tages arifing therefrom, (hall from thenceforth be veiled in fuch purchafer or purchafers.

XXI.	Prodded always. That fuch notice (hall be given 2l 4*7* no-at leaf! twenty one days previous to every fuch falc, ties of (ale. including the day of fuch notice and the day of fuch

fale.

XXII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- T^nipikes laid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid ere&cd and toW# cvmpany to ere& one or more turnpike or turnpikes upon taken as herein, and acrof$ any of the track ways, which now are or (hall

be made on either (idc of the (aid navigation, and to take

and receive at the fame the following tolls, for which thejf

may didrain and fell, as is ufual at other turnpikes (that is

to fay) for every coach, berlin, chariot, or chaife, drawn by

fix horfes, one (hilling ; for every coach, berlin, chariot, or

chaife, drawn by lefs than fix horfes, and more than one,

fix pence; for every waggon, cart, or carriage with four	.	.

wheels, fix pence; for every chaife with one horfe, three

pence; for every carr or cart with more than one horfe, two

pence; and for every carr or cart with one horfe one

penny.

XXIII.	Provided always, Tliat fuch toll (hall be paid ^ cmcm

only at one gate, and but once only in the fame day.	a	day.

XXIV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, A

That it (haQ and may be lawful to and for the faid company Rebough, and and tbeii fucceflors to eftablilh and keep a ferry over the river toll atufiaL Shannon from Rebough to the oppofite fide of the faid river, and to take at the fame the following tolls, for which they may didrain and fell, as is ufual in cafes of ferries, (that is to (ay) for every coach, berlin, chariot, or chaife, drawn by fix horfes, one (hilling ; for every coach, herhn, chariot, or chaife, drawn by more than one horfe,	N

bx pence; for every chaife with one horfe three pence ; for every cart or car with one horfe three half pence 5 for every horfe, mare, or mule one penny 5 and for every pa£ fengerone halfpenny.

XXV.	And be it enacled by the authority aforefaid, proportion* That the clear profits, which (hall arife to the laid compa- blc dividend*, nv from the feveral duties hereby veiled in them, or other-

wife, or fo much thereof as (hall be thought proper, (hall from time to time at Lady day and Michaelmas, or within fixteen days after the (aid feaft days refpe&ively, he paid and divided to and amongll the refpe&ive proprietors of the laid joint dock in proportion to their (hares and intered therein.

XXVI.	And

3*0 A. D.

1767. Chap. 26.

Owner'* name and abode with the tunnape fee on their veffel*.

penalty 40a.

to profecutor

The feventb Tear of George III.

XXVI. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the owners of all boats, barges, and other veffels, navigating the faid river between the city of Limerick and the town of Killaloe, (hall caufe his, her, or their name or names and places of abode together with the dimenfions or tunnage of their refpedive boats, barges, or other veffels, to be fet on fome confpicuous part of fuch boats, barges, or other veffels; and in default thereof every fuch owner (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, to be recovered by any perlon, who (hall fuc for the fame by civil bill, or his own ufe.

Anfwerable for damage by Che crew.

Perfon* breaking or damaging the work* forfeit treble the fum ofthe damage, and impnlmcd till paid, Sec,

General iffue may be pleaded;

apublkk ad.

XXVII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the mafter of every boat, barge, and other veffel, navigating the faid river, and the owner thereof (hall be anfwerable for any damage or mifehief, which (hall be done by any of the crew or perfons belonging to fuch boat, barge, or other veffel to any of the works of the faid navigation, or to any of the goods laden in fuch boat, barge, Or other veffel.

XXVIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully break down or damage any of the works, which are already made or which (hall be made for the ufe of the faid navigation, all and every perfon and perfons fo offending, and being thereof convided upon an information or indidment, (hall forfeit to the faid company treble the fum neceflary to be laid out in repairing fuch damage ; which fum (hall be afeertain-ed by the jury, who (hall try fuch offence ; and the judge, before whom fuch offence (hall be tried, (hall commit fuch offender or offenders to the common gaol, till he or they (hall pay to the faid company the fum or fums fo af-certained; and fuch offence may be layed or tried either in the county or in the county of the cky of Limerick.

XXIX.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons for any thing, which (hall be done in purfuance of this ad, fuch perfon or perfons may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence 5 and this ad (hall be deemed and taken to be a pub* lick ad.

CHAR

Digitized by

Google

The feventl Tear of George III. CHAP. XXVII.

381 A. D. 1767.

Am A3 for the further Improvement of His Mayfly's Revenue, and for continuing and amending fevered Ads therein particularly mentioned.

WHEREAS by an ad made and pafTed in the I4^ncn^1^ thirty third year of the reign of his late Majefty f ,^ j6g. King George the fecond, intitled, An ad for the better re-	c. 15.L10. *

gulating the eolleding of bis Majcjly's revenue, and for pre-venting of frauds therein, and for repeating an ad made the left fejfons of Parliament, entitled, An ad for continuing and amending fevered laws heretofore made, relating to bis Ma~ Wi*** dam*pd9 jfly's revenue, and for the more effectual preventing of frauds in his Majefly's cufloms and exeije, and the feveral ads and 3*	*•	lo	fee.

Hatutes which are mentioned m the (aid aa, and continued *° *C" thereby, it was among feveral other things emtded, That in cafe any merchant or other perfon {hould find his wine or any part thereof ia his judgment fo damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, as not to be worth the duties, in fuch cafe fuch merchant (hould have liberty immediately after the landing the faid wines to Have 01 fpill the fame, or mix each hogfhead with twenty pounds weight of fait, and fo in proportion for any greater or leflbr cafk, in manner as by the faid recited ad is direded; and that the merchant, fo Having and fpilling or mixing fuch wine with fait, fhould be repaid the whole duty paid by him for the fame; and that over and above the duties repaid for the fame the merchant or other perfon (hould for every ton of wine fo deHroyed, if of the growth of Germany or wines which pay duties as fuch, be allowed as a compenfation for the freight and other charges the fum of four pounds, and for every tun of wine of the growth of France the fum of forty (hillings, and for wines of the growth of Portugal, Spain, and elfe-where, the fum of fix pounds, and fo proportionably for a greater or leffer quantity : and whereas fince the palling of evaded by im-the faid recited ad frauds have been attempted by import- po™11* other ing brandy and other liquors, mixed withfome fmall portion COrrapt of damaged or corrupt wine in order to colour the fame, wines, anddif-with intent to entitle themfelves to the repayment of duty tilling after brand alfo to the compenfation allowed by the faid recited ad	Wlttl

for freight, and, after being mixed with fait as by the faid ad is direded, the liquors fo mixed are difiilled, and thereby

liquors, had the fame been fairly entered as fpirits, as alfo the amount of the freight which is direded to be allowed and paid by the faid recited ad for damaged or corrupt

wine:

Digitized by v^ooQle

3 commifli-oners, Sec. where liquors are imported as wine, may Hare or ipill fuch as alltdged to be damaged.

Stills.

3 commiflioners may grant licenfe to che-mift, to ufe a ftill not above 40 gallons.

tool. Security by fuch chemift, &c. not to diftil fpirits, &c. liable to excife,

penalty icol. on ufing a ft ill before fecurity

The feventh Tear of George III. wine: for remedy whereof, be it enabled by the King’s moil excellent Majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritaal and temporal and commons in this present Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful to, and for the commifli-oners of his Majefty’s excife, or any three of them, or the collector or other chief officer of the port where any liquors fhall be imported as wines, to caufe all fuch liquors as (hall be fo imported as wines, anc^ alledged by the merchant or importer to be damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable wine, to be {laved, or fpiDed, or mixed with fait, as they (hall judge to be mod expedient, any thing in the faid recited ad to the contrary notwithftandmg; and that upon {laving, fpilling, or mixing with fait the merchant importing faid liquors (hall be repaid the duties and compenfa-tion for the freight and other charges, as by the faid ad is direded.

II.	And* be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the com-miffioners of his Majefty’s excife, or any three or more of them, to grant and iffue a licence or licences to any chemift, apothecary, or druggift to make ufe of any ftill, black pot, or alembick for the making or diltilling of fimple or compound waters, the full contents whereof fhall not exceed or contain more than forty gallons ; which licence or licences fo to be granted fhall exprefs the exa& contents of fuch ftill, and alfo the metal of w'hich fuch Hill is intended to be made; and alfo that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners of excife, or any three or more of them, to grant a licenfe or licenfes to any brazier or ma-nufadurer in metal to make fuch ftill, black pot, or alembick, as above mentioned, for the ufe of any chemift, apothecary, or druggift, that fhall be fo licenfed as afore-faid ; any thing in this ad or any other ad or ads of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

III.	Provided always. That no fuch licence or licences fhall iffue or be granted to fuch chemift, apothecary, or druggift, until a bond fhall be entered into to his Majeftv, his heirs and fucceffors, with fufficient fecurities in the penal fum of one hundred pounds, conditioned not to diftil therein or make any aquavitae, fpirits, or other ftrong waters, which, by any ad or ads now in force are fubjed or liable to the payment of any duty or excife to his Majefty ; which bonds fhall be valid and effedual in the law for the recover}7 of the penalties therein mentioned ; and in cafe any chemift, apothecary, or druggift fhall make ufe of any ftill, black pot, or alembeck, before fuch bond fhall be entered into, and executed, the perfon or perfons fo offending in the pr£

miffei.

Digitized by

Google

The feventb Tear of Gerogt III.	3§J

mifics (hall forfeit and lofe one hundred pounds Her- A. D. ling.	1767.

IV.	And whereas by an a& made in the fourteenth and Chap, a 7. fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fccond, *—■— entitled)	ad for fettling of the excife or new impojl upon h'u Gaugers re-

Ma)ejly> bis heirs and fueeeffors, according to the book of rates therein infested, it was among other things ena&cd, That if a# g f. ^ any common brewer, diftiller, or maker of aquavit*, or cited, ftrong waters, or it any vintner, innkeeper, vi&ualler, ale- penalty on re-boufe keeper, or other perfon brewing and felling beer, ale, fufing entrance aquavit*, or ftrong waters, fhould refufe or deny any gau-	*

ger or fearcher to enter into his or their houfes, brew houfes, ftillmg houfes, out-houfes, ftores, or other places what-foever of or belonging unto them, or any of them, to gauge or take an account of his or their brewing veflels, coppers, fats, kieves, or other veflels, and of his or their beer, ale, aquavit*, or ltrong waters brewed, made, or diftilled, fuch common brewer, diftiller, or maker of aquavit* or ftrong waters, vintner, innkeeper, victualler, or ale-houfe keeper, for denying entrance and liberty of gauging, or concealing any beer, ale, aquavit*, or ftrong waters, fhould be presently forbidden by fuch gauger or fearcher to carry or deliver any beer or ale, or retail any more beer, ale, aquavit*, or ftrong waters; which if he fhould nevcrthelefs do, he or they relpeCtively fhould befides the forfeiture of double the value of all fuch beer and ale, aquavit*, and ftrong waters, forfeit more, to be paid by every common brewer, fifty pounds, and by every vintner, innkeeper, alehoufe keeper, diftiller, or other, the fum of five pounds : and whereas doubt3 have arifen, whether the penalties and forfeitures, impofed by the faid laft mentioned aCi for denying entrance, can be fued for or recovered, unlefs denial be made by the common brewer, diftiller, vintner, innkeeper, victualler, or alehoufe keeper in perfon, who frequently in order to evade the penalty of the law keep out of the way, and leave their brewing houfes and diftilleries under the care of fome of their fervants, or other perfons refiding in their families: for remedy whereof, and for obviating and taking away all fuch doubts, be it further cna&ed and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the penalties impofed by the faid recited a<St of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fecond, on brewers, diftillers, vintners, innkeepers, victuallers, and alehoufe keepers refpeCtively for denying entrance and liberty of gauging, or concealing any beer, ale,. aquavit*, or ftrong waters from the gauge, view, or fight of the gauger or gaugers, fearcher or fearchers, appointed to gauge, view, and take an account of the fame,, fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to every common brewer, diftiller, vintner, innkeeper, victualler, and alehoufe

keeper,

Digitized by LjOOQle

Diftillers*

on hiring or lending veflel* fod iff 11,24 hours notice to the offi-

penalty 5!.

Brewer*.

33 G- *• l0* f. 73*

excife officer* may feize brewing veffels hired out without notice. ^

The feventh Tear tfCxtorgt lit. keeper, whofe wife in the abfence of the hufband, ot whfcfe principal fervant, or other perfon or perfons ufually intruded with the cuflody of his or their ftcfck in the abfence of the hufband and wife, (hall refufe or deny entrance, in the fame manner as if ftich refufal or denial of entrance had been by fuch brewer, diftiller, vintner, vidualler, and alehoufe keeper in perfon.

V.	And for the more effedual preventing clandeftine diddling of fpirits for fale, be it enaded by the authority aforefaia, That all and every perfon and perfons, who (hall lend or let out for hire any blaekpot, or Other veffel or veffels ufed in the making or diddling of ftrong waters, fhall, before he, flic, or they fhall lend or let out the fame for hire, give twenty four hours notice in writing to the gauger or other excife officer of the diftrid, W'hefein he, (he, or they do or fhall refide, of the name and place of abode of the perfon or, perfons, to whom he, fhe, or they (hall have agreed to lend or let out fuch blaekpot or other veffel Or veffels for diftilling, tinder the penalty of five pounds for" every time be, fhe, or they fhall lend or let out for hire fuch blaekpot or other Veffei or veffels for didiiling fpirits, without giving fuch notice as is before mentioned.

VI.	And whereas by the faid recited ad, made in the thirty third' year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, it is among feveral other things enaded, That all and every perfon and perfons, who fhould have or keep any brewhoufe, keeve, or pan for brewing, and (tiould let out the fame for hire, fhould, before he, fhe, or they fhould let out fuch brewhoufe, keeve, or pan, give notice in writing to the gauger or other officer of the diftrid of the name and place of abode of the perfon or perfons, to whom he, fhe, or they agreed to let out the fame, under the penalty of five pounds : and whereas it has been found, that keeves and pans have been often let out for hire without giving notice, as by the above recited ad is direded, and when difeovered by the officers of excife, the perfon or perfons, to whom the fame belonged, in order to avoid the penalty thereby incurred have difclaimed their property therein; for remedy Whereof, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any keeve, pan, blaekpot, or other veffel for brewing fhall be let out for hire, without .notice been given as by the faid recited ad is direded, and that any officer of excife fhall find or difeover the fame, and that no perfon or perfons fhall claim property therein, then and in that cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch officer of excife to feize and carry fuch keeve, pan, blaekpot, 01 Other veffel to the next office of excife, and if not claimed* within twenty one days after the day, ou which fuch

ieizwft

Digitized by

The fcventb Tear of George III.	385

feizure (hall be made, the fame (hall be forfeited and con- A. D. fifeated.	1767.

VII.	And whereas great frauds are frequently pra&ifed Chap. 27.

by common and retailing brewers of beer and ale for fale by v—— concealing their beer, ale, guile, and worts from the ofli- Common cers appointed to view and gauge the fame: for remedy and rcta,1,n^ whereof, be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That	0g|„

every common and retailing brewer of beer and ale for fale, cer, (hall u»ew and the perfon or perfons employed by him, her, or them their ftock; pe-to attend their refpe&ive brewhoufes or (lorehoufes, (hall naity ^

from time to time, and as often as he, (he, or they (hall be required by the officer or officers appointed to view, gauge, and take an account of the fame, (hew to fuch officer or officers all the flock then in hand, or beer, ale, guile, or wort belonging to fuch common or retailing brewer or brewers, under the penalty of twenty pounds to be forfeited by fuch common or retailing brewer or brewers in cafe of re-fufal, and of ten pounds to be forfeited by the perfon fo refufing ; and if fuch officer or officers (hall upon fearch find or difeover any beer, ale, guile, or worts of the (lock then in hand, which (hall not have been declared or (hewn, fuch common or retailing brewer or brewers (hall refpedlively and 51. every forfeit and lofe the lum of five pounds for every barrel of barrel concealed, beer, ale, guile, or worts, which (hall be found or difeo- tilc hquors. vered to have been concealed as aforefaid, together with all fuch beer, ale, guile, or worts, as (hall be found to have been fo concealed as aforefaid; which faid penalties and forfeitures (hall be over and above all other penalties and forfeitures, which fuch common and retailing brewers are liable and fubje& to by any law of excife now in being.

VIII.	And whereas common didillers of ftrong waters Diftillers, for (ale do often make ufe of large calks for the (loring of

their fpirituous liquors, and in order to prevent the officers of excife from gauging the fame, or taking (lock therein, make ufe of various contrivances by placing the fame in fuch fituations, as that the officers cannot without great inconvenience and lpfs of time execute their duty with effedt: for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That every common dilliller or maker of fpirits or ^ ^ j aquavit* for (ale (hall caufe all their calks and veflels, in t^ci°r vcfi^Uas which fuch fpirits (hall be tlorcd, to be placed in fuch to he readily fituations refpedlively, as that the officers of excife may gauged, ftc. readily and effe&ually take the gauge thereof 5 and in default of their being placed in fuch fituations for the purpofe aforefaid the faid officers of excife are hereby dire&ed and authorized to take the dimenfions of the outfide of fuch calks or veflels, and to charge the duties of excife according to fuch dimenfions, as if fuch calk or veflel were of the lame contents within.

VQfc v,	Bh	IX.	And

Digitized by v^oosle

Licence*.

17 and 18. C. A. 19 f *.

3 G. j. 21. f. XI.

Licence to retail fpirits or ftrong: waters purluant to 17 And iS C. a. 19 f. 2. as herein.

The feventh Tear of George III,

IX.	And whereas by an aft made in the feventeenth and

eighteenth years of the reign of his Majefty King Charles the fecond, entitled. An aS for the better ordering a cellary of wines and aquavit*, together with all the forts ofjhrong waters, by retail, it is enafted among other things, that every retailer of aequavitae, or other kmd of ftrong waters whatfoever, (hall be obliged to take out a licence for that purpofe, and fhall for fuch licence pay fuch fum, aa (hall be agreed upon, fo as none do pay lefs than the fum of ten fhillings yearly, and none be compelled to pay more in the city and county of the city of Dublin than ten pounds yearly, and in all other places than five pounds yearly : and whereas by an aft pa{Ted in the third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An aft for continuing and amending two feveral a8s of Parliament therein mentioned, and for the more ejfeEtual pro-, venting of frauds in his Majejly's cujloms and excife, anafor other purpofes therein mentioned, it is enafted, That from the pafiing of the faid aft there fhould be paid for every licence for felling aquavitae pr other fttpng waters'in the city of Dublin or within four miles thereof fuch fum, as fhould be agreed on, fo as none do pay lefs than four pounds or >morc than ten pounds : and whereas ft nee, the pafiing the faid aft the duties arifing from fpirit licences have been found greatly to encreafe, and it is apprehended, that the publick revenue may in this particular be ftill further augmented, at the fame time that many obfeure and disorderly fpirit fhpps may be fuppreffed; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and immediately after the palling of this aft there fhall be payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, for every licence to be granted for felling aquavitae or any kind of ftrong water or fpirits whatfoever by retail in the faid city, and within four miles of the Tholfel of the faid city, as well within the franchifes and liberties as without fuch fum as fhall be agreed to be paid for fuch licence purfuant to the direftions of the faid aft of the feventcenth and eighteenth of Charles the fecond, fo as none do pay lefs than the fum of fix pounds yearly, and none to be compelled to pay more than ten pounds yearly $ and alfo for every fuch licence in any other city or town corporate, and the liberties of the fame, fuch fum as fhall be agreed to be paid as aforefaid, fo as none do pay lefs than the fum of four pounds yearly, and none to be compelled to pay more than fiye pounds yearly 5 and alfo for every other fuch licence tp be granted in any other part of this kingdom, (the faid city of Dublin, and the diftrift within four miles of the Tholfel thereof, and all cities and towns corporate, and the liberties thereof, excepted) fuch fum as fhall be agreed to be paid as aforefaid, fo as none do pay lefs than the fum pf three pounds yearly, and none to be compelled to pay *	*	more

Digitized by

Google

Tie feventi Tear of George 111.	387

more than fire pounds yearly; any law to the contrary m A. D. any wife notwithftanding.	1767.

X.	And whemu by a claufe in tbe faid recited ad, Chap, made and paffed in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, it was ena&ed, That Tobacco, tea, from ami after the twenty fourth day of June, one tboufand ^ ^pealed feven hundred and fixty, all merchantable tobacco and tea, *	¥*****•

which (hould be feized and condemned purfuant to any of the laws now in force relative to his Majefty’s revenue, (hould within ten days after fuch condemnation (if there (hould be no appeal) and in cafe of any appeal within ten days after the fentence of condemnation (hould be affirmed or the ap-peal difmiiTed, be publickly and openly fold by cant to the higheft and beft bidder by the collet or or other chief officer of the place, where fuch tobacco or tea (hould be condemn* ed; and that publick notice (hould be given by fuch collector or other chief officer of the time and place of fuch iale four days at the leaft before fuch fide, and that the pur-chafer of fuch (ale (hould pay the duties payable to his Ma-jefty upon fuch tobacco and tea ; and that the feizing officer or officers (hould receive from the collector or head officer of the diftri& out of the revenue for every pound of tobacco, which (hould be fo feized and condemned, the fum of four pence, in cafe the faid tobacco (hould upon fuch fale fell for the fum of eight pence per pound or more including the duty thereof; but m cafe the faid tobacco (hould not fell upon fuch (ale for the fum of eight pence per pound or more including the duty thereof, then and in that cafe the fum of three pence per pound, and no more, (hould be paid to fuch feiz* mg officer; and for every pound of green tea three (hillings, and for every pound of bohea tea two (hillings, in cafe fuch green tea (hould upon fuch fale fell for the fum of five (hillings per pound or more, and fuch bohea tea for the fum of four (hillings per pound or more; and in cafe fuch green and bohea teas (hould not on fuch fale fill for the refpettive prices lad mentioned, then and in fuch cafe the feizing officer or officers (hould only be paid for each pound of green tea the fum of two (hillings, and for each pound of bohea tea one (hilling and (ix pence, and no more; and that the purchafe money anting from fuch fale (hould be accounted for to his Majefty; and in cafe fuch collector or other chief officer (hould negled or refufe to do his duty therein, he (hould forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds to be recovered by civil bill before the juft ice or juftices of aflize of the county or place, within which fuch port or diftri& lies, and in the county of Dublin before fuch judge or fuch of his Majefty’s council as (hould attend at. the quarter feffions to he held for the faid county, and in the county of the city of Dublin before the recorder, in a B b 2	fummary

19*

A. T>4

The feventb Tear of George IIL CHAP. XXVIII.

An, AS to amend qn AS made for the better PreferoaAon of Corn.

$ O. s* I**

1

1

tht loot t>T 5 0. 3.18. fee. 1. divided a» herein.

WHEREAS the premiums given by the faid a& have had a good effeft, and have encouraged feveral landholders and farmers in different parts of the kingdom to ered (lands in the open air, and to preferve their corn thereupon j which experience hath proved to be the beft method in this climate of keeping corn for any length of time clean, found, and fafe from vermin : and whereas it is fuppofed, that if the premiums were divided into diftind ckffes, one for landholders and the occupiers of extenfive farms, and another for the occupiers of farms not exceeding two hundred and fifty acres nor lefs than forty acres, they would operate more generally, and the intent of the (aid ad be more fully earned into effed: and if fmall premiums were alfo given to the poorer fanners, who hold not more than forty nor lefs than five acres, to enable them likewife to preferve their corn upon Hands, it would promote tillage, and prevent that great deftrudion of their com, which at prefent is caufcdby vermin : be it enadedby the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confeot of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the two hundred pounds given by the faid ad in each county, indead of being divided into the proportions or premiums therein fet forth, fhall be divided in the following manner ; one hundred pounds thereof (hall be divided into four premiums; one premium of forty pounds for any quantity of qorn not lefs than four thousand Hone of wheat, or eight thoufand Hone of any other com ; one premium of thirty pounds for any quantity not lefs than three thoufand done of wheat, or fix thoufand Hone of any other corn ; one premium of twenty pounds for any quantity not lefs than two thoufand Hone of wheat, or four thoufand (lone of any other com 5 and one premium of ten pounds for one thoufand done of wheat, or two thoufand done of any other corn 5 the faid clafs of premiums to be payable on the firft of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty nine, in each county to the landholders or fanners, occupying in their own poffeffion any quantity of land not lefs than two hundred and fifty acres, who fhall then have the greatefl quantity of corn the produce of their land, and fhall have reaped the harved precedent not lefs than the quantities aforefaid, preferved upon Hands erefted in the open air, as

Digitized by v^ooQle

Tie Jeveatb Year ef George III.	jp*

tn faid vEt mentioned : and if it (hall happen, than toy of A. D. the higher premiums for any county (hall remain not claim- 1767. cd, and at the fame time thm (hall be two or more claim- Chap. 28* ants in that county for any of the lower premiums, in fuch cafe the premium or premiums not claimed (hall be difpofed in paying a premium or premiums to the perfon or perfous, who (hall have the greateit quantity of corn, not lefs than the quantities herein mentioned, for the kfler premiums.

II. And be it cna&ed by the authority fiforefaid, That The other the other one hundred pounds, the remaining part of the ,co1 in 5 p»e-(aid two hundred pounds, may be divided into five premi-

___	*	r	r	3	j	r	r	r	and	id.

tons; one premium of thirty pounds, one of twenty five pounds, one of twenty pounds, one of fifteen pounds, andx one of ten pounds ; the laid dak of premiums to be payable on the (aid firft of January one thoufand feven hundred and fixty nine to the five landholders or farmers in each county, occupying in their own pofiefiion any quantity of land, not lefs than forty acres nor exceeding two hundred and fifty acres, who (hall then have the greateft quantity of corn, reaped from the land occupied by them the harveft precedent, and preferved upon (lands in the open air, as in faid a& di reded.

III.	And whereas the fum of four thoufand five hundred 45191- fw

and thirty nine pounds, which was intended by the laid ad

to be paid in premiums for the year ending the firft of Ja- t},c ^r^mling-

nuary one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, remains 1 Jan. r 767, and

not claimed, and the fum of two thoufand nine hundred and 294$l foi i-68,

forty five pounds, which was by the faid act intended for ^cin^

the fame purpofe for the year one thoufand feven hundred

and fixty eight, alfo remains not claimed: be it ena&ed by

the authority aforefaid, That a further fum of fifty pounds further 50I.

may be yearly paid in each county to the lowed clafs of paid yearly

farmers, who hold not more than forty acres nor kk than ,n *ach counf7

five acres; the fame to be divided into five premiums, one

.	*	cr	,	r	1	r 1	not more than

premium of fifteen pounds, one of twelve pounds, one of 40. nor lefs than

ten pounds, one of eight pounds, and one of five pounds, 5 acres,

and to be paid upon the firft of January one thoufand feven 1,1 5 premiums

hundred and fixty nine, to the five farmers of the faid lowed °D<{ ^	*

dak in each county, who (ball then have the created quan- jan 1*569 to

tity of corn reaped from their farms rcfpc&ively the haiveft 5 favh lowed

precedent, and preferved upon ftands in the open air, as in f*rxDcr*>

the faid is direded; and that landholders or farmers,

living within any county of a city or county of a town, (hall

be confidered as entitled to any of the premiums aforefaid

in the fame manner to all intents and purpofes whatsoever as

the inhabitants of the county at large, within which fuch

town or city Iks, fo as they may claim and receive any of the

X	premiums

39*	71* feventh Tear of George III.

A. D. premiums given ibr fuch county at large, in the fame manner 1767. as if they were inhabitants of the county at large.

Chap. 28. IV. And be it enaded by the authority aforcfeid, That every perfon intending to claim any of the premiums afore-

Notice by faid (hall give fuch notice, as the faid a d requires, to the DubHrTsoc^et ’s ^ecretaiT or afliilant fecretary of the Dublin Society; in fecretary or ai- which notice mention is to be made of the pariih, barony, fiftant, as by faid and county, wherein the corn and Hands lie, of the number ad fee. 3. with of Hands, and number of barts upon each Hand, and of the n*C and^cmnT* num^cr ^arts each fpecies of corn upon each Hand; ftandsi, and harts an<* & there fhall be more than one fpecies of com upon the of each fpecies, fame Hand, then the proof barts mull be taken from each is herein. fpecic of corn, and the produce thereof be returned, as the laid ad direds; and the faid fecretary fhall publifh the feme weekly, as he receives the feme, dillinguilhing the parifhes, baronies, and counties, until the firft of January in each year; and if there fhall not be more than four hundred barts of corn upon any one Hand, or if there fhall be different fpecies of corn upon the fame Hand, and no more than four hundred barts of any one fpecies of corn upon fuch Hand, then in fuch cafe, inftead of taking down ten proof barts to thrafh, as the faid ad direds, it fhall be fufficient to take down only fix barts from fuch ftand or Hands, containing no more than four hundred barts of any one fpecies of corn, and to return the exad produce of the feme, when thralhed, as the faid ad direds ; and the faid fix proof barts, or ten proof barts in cafe the number of barts of every one fpecies of corn upon any ftand (hall exceed four hundred barts may be taken down from the ftand or Hands, as the corn is making up, provided the fame be taken indifferently and without any choice of the largeft fheafs, half thereof from one part and half from another part of fuch Hand or Hands.

Affidavits and V. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That certificate* re- the affidavits and certificates, neceffary by this and the faid turned by claim- ad to entitle the claimants, to their premiums, fhall by the ants to fecretary, ^y^i ^,^^3 be returned to the fecretary or affiftant fociety* as here-6 ^ccrctaiT the Dublin Society, who is to lay the fame in.	without	delay	before the laid fociety, who are hereby em-

powered to judge from the feme of the merit of each claimant ; in framing wffiich judgment one ftone of wheat is always to be confidered by them as equal to two ftone of any other fpecies of corn ; and barley or here are to be preferred to oats, whenever the number of Hones are equal; and in cafe feveral claimants fhall appear before thb fociety for the fame premium, whofe merits are fo nearly equal, that a doubt may arife, in fuch cafe the claimant, who fhall appear to have tilled the largeH proportion of his farm,. and *:	.t©

Google

Tiefsventi 'Test of George III.	'	jj}

to bate the grtateft return of corn by the aae from the land A. D. fo tilled by him, (haM hate the preference.	I	767.

VI.	And be it eroded by the authority afbrefiud. That Chap. sS. where the fanner or owner of the corn fail himfdf affifi in

the Hacking and management of hit corn, there hit own Where the affidavit with the affidavit of one other perfon affifting him !*rJ***®®* (hall be fufficient: but where the owner of the com does ItRrU^t Sai of not alfiH himfelf in the management of hit corn, in fuch ooe afljftmnt fuf-cafe there muft be the affidavit of two perfont employed Hcicnt, kx. by him, as the (aid ad direct; but the affidavit of the owner of the corn need in fuch cafe only fet foith the quan-	'

tity of the land tilled by him or hit order, and that the fame it occupied by him, and in what barony, pari(h, and county the fame lies, the quantity of each fpcaet of corn, the produce of faid lands fo tilled, or part of the produce then upon hit Hands, to the beft of hit judgment, foppo-fing the fame to be then all thrafhed and cleaned, and that he verily believes, the affidavits of the two perfont employed by him in the management of hit com to be Hridly true.

VII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Certificate of when the Dublin Society (hall determine the merit of the premium dcli-feveral claimants, their fecietary or affiHant fecrctary (hall Jercd by the deliver to the claimant or claimants, to whom they (hall ad-

judge the premium or premiums, a certificate (igned by the fecretary or afiiHant fecretary, or by the prefident or one of the vice preddentt of the faid fociety, or by five members of the faid fociety, fettiag forth the premium or premiums adjudged to him or them; upon the delivery, of which, and the claimants receipt upon the back of fuch certificate for the fame, to the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, or his or their deputy or deputies, he or they (hall pay the fum, which (hall be allowed to him or them in hit or their

account.

VIII. And whereas fickneft or other accident may pre- Where the vent the redor, vicar, or curate of the parifh from viewing minifter pre-the claimants Hands of cbm, fo as to give fuch certificate as	m

the faid ad requires, in fuch cafe a neighbouring juHice of jufljclo/peaca. the peace, certifying for the claimant in the manner men- may. tioned by the faid ad, (hall anfwer for the purpofe : but no claimant (hall be entitled to a premium, who (hall not produce fucli certificate cither of the red or, vicar, or curate,

or juftice of the peace to the fecretary or afhflant fecrctary of the Dublin Society.

IX.	And whereas this ad is calculated as well to encou- Bere or barley rage tillage as the prefervation of corn, and that the keeping	^ifitts

here and barley too long unthrelhed may tend to tlie preju- performed,1 may dice of the malting trade: be it enaded by the authority hethreftiedal-aforefaid, That every perfon, who (hall make up any quan- tho* before ift

3	tity	J40,	J*"1*

Digitized by

Google

claim allowed a if preferred on fiapds till tktn.

Forged certificate and falfe affidavit punched as forgery or perjury.

Like premiums y years from I Jan.

1769, kc.

Thefevcntb Tear tf George ttt* thf tS bore er barky upon ftands, and fhaH perform fh*

other requifites in this and the (aid recked aft, may take down and threflt his (aid here or barley, as foon as he may think aeceflary, akho’ it (hall be before the firft of Janu-1 ary in every year; and fuch perfon (hall have the benefit of £uch here or barley, and thall be allowed for the fame in his claim, as dffrftually as if he had preserved the fame on the (lands, on which it (hall be erefted, until the firfl of January in every year.

X.	And be it cnafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully forge any falfe certificate, or wilfully fwear faifely in any affidavit aforefald, fuch perfon or perfons, when convifted, (hall fuffer ao perfons convifted of wilful and corrupt forgery or petjury.

XI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefald, That the like premiums, fuhjeft to the fame conditions and re-ftriftions in this and the (aid former aft, (hall be paid yearly for the term of feven years from the firft of January, one thoufand feven hundred ami fixty nine, and to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament,

The Eleventh Year of GEORGE III.

An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending ftveral Temporary Statutes, and for other Purpofes*

Burning land; A ND whereas by feveral afts paffed in this kingdom burning con- JE\. the burning of land by any tenant, without the per* uary to 17 G.^ mifijon 0f his landlord, has been declared to be an offence, %. c. i^inUcu of and 38 has been prohibited under a penalty ; and penalties there* whereas the faid penalty has been found infufneient to de-ter men from committing the faid offence; be it cnafted by the authority aforefaid, That any perfon who (hall after the tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy one, burn the foil or furface of the earth or caufe or permit the foil or furface of the earth to be burned on any lands in this kingdom, contrary to the provifions of the faid aft of the feventeenth of his faid Majefty King George the fecond, or of an aft paffed in the firfl year of m’s prelent Majefly’s jrign, entitled, An a3 for reviving and amending feveral temporary Jiatutes9 and for other purpofes therein mentioned\ or contrary to the intention of this aft, (hall, inftead of the penalties inflifted by the faid afts, forfeit the fum of five pounds for every Englifh ftatute acre (over and above fill rent) (o to be burned, to be recovered in the fame

manner

A. D. 1771.

Digitized by L,ooQle

The eleventh Tear of George III*	|9f

manner as the penalties given by the (aid ada may be re- A. D. covered*	1771*

CHAP. V.

An AS to prevent Combinations to raife the Price of Coals m the City of Dublin.

WHEREAS feveral unlawful combinations have been ^mtfter or entered into to raife the price of coals in the city of owner ©f Uy Dublin, to the great prejudice of the publick ; for remedy coal (hip to give whereof, and to prevent the like for the future, be it enad- or promife any cd by the King’s moil excellent Majetty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpintual and temporal, and ^ (elling cosh, commons in this prefent Parliament attembled, and by the penalty *ooL authority of the lame, That from and after the twelfth 1	$•	c*I0*

day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-onc, no mailer, owner, or mate of any coal (hip or veffel within the port or city of Dublin, (hall give, or promife to give, any fee, gratuity, reward, or allowance whatfoever to any fador, purfer, agent, or other perfon for felling of any coalsand that no fador, purfer, agent, or other perfon, ihall receive, or contrail to receive, from any matter, owner, or mate of any fuch coal fhrp or veffel, any fee, gratuity, reward, or allowance whatfoever, for felling of any coals $ and that every perfon who ihall, after the time aforefaid, offend herein, ihall, for every fuch offence forfeit the fi*n of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied in the manner direded by an ad patted in the firtt year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aO to prevent the ex-ccjjive price of coals in the city of Dublin.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Cods fold on* That from and after the time aforefaid, no perfon or per- *7 hjr thofe fon3 whatfoever, except the .matter or mates of futh coal	*C~

(hips of vettels, and the perfons authorized by the (aid ad,

(hall fell any coals within the port or city of Dublin, and that every perfon offending herein (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered sad applied in the manner herein before mentioned.

III.	And whereas feveral large coal (hips or vettels draw No allowance, too much' water to pafs Ring’s-End point, and the matters (*▼* herein* and owners of gabbards and lighters frequently refufe to bring the caols from fuch (hips or vettels to the quays of the city of Dublin, uniefs an allowance, called the Old Man, is made to them ; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that no matters, owners, or mate of any fuch (hip or vef* fel, (hall after the time aforefiiid give, or promife to give, to any matter or owner of fuch gabbard or lighter, or other

perfon,

Digitized by

Google

S9«

The eleventh Tear of George III.

A. D. *77**

lri(h cot! by inland canal con-fid errd m imported.

Continued to 94 June 1796, 30 O. 3. c. 45. i 3.

perfon, any fee, gratuity, reward, or allowance whatfo-ever, except freight, not exceeding the rate of one fhilHng and fix pence per ton, for carrying any coals from fuch (hips or veffels to the quays 5 and that no matter or owners of any gabbard or lighter, or other perfon, (hall receive, or contract to receive, any fee, gratuity, reward, or allowance whatfoever, except freight, not exceeding the rate aforefaid, for carrying any coals from fuch (hips or veffels to the faid quays 5 and that every perfon offending herein (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein before is mentioned.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That all coals which (hall be brought into the faid city of Dublin from any colliery in this kingdom by means of any inland canal, made or to be made in this kingdom, (hall be confidered as imported into the faid city 5 and the maf-ter or owner fo importing the fame (hall be intitled to all premiums and encouragements granted for bringing Irifh coals into the faid city.

V.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, that this a & (hall continue in force until the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, and to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament.

CHAP. VI.

An A3 to prevent the pernicious PraStce of burning Brick within the city of Dublin, or the Neighbourhood thereof

Brides not "V XT’HE REAS large quantities of bricks are frequently made or burned V V burned within the city of Dublin, and in the neigh-within two bourhood thereof, by means whereof the inhabitants of the Ump*. forfeited, £iddI	fe	annoyed, and the lives of many

and 1 c*. per	weakly perfons have been loll; for remedy whereof, be it

icco.	ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with

the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and hy the authority of the fame, that from and after the tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy one, do perfon (hall make, or caufe to be made, bum, or caufe to be burned, any bricks within the diftance of two xneafured miles from the publick lamps of the city of Dublin, on pain of forfeiting the bricks, and ten (hillings for every thoufand bricks made or burned within the aforefaid limits.

II.	And

Digitized by UooQle

The eleventh Tear of George HI.	397

II.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, A. D.

That upon complaint made before two or more jufticei 1771. within their refpeftive jurifdiftions, fuch juftices are hereby ^ authorized and required to fummon the perfon or perfons fo Two juftice* complained of before them, and upon appearance or dc-	^

fault of the perfon or perfons fo complained	of, and the ^	^	*

due proof of fuch offence by the oath of one	or more ere- penalty,

dible witnefs or witneffes, to conrift fuch offender or offenders, and to order by warrant under their hands and feals

the bricks to be fold by publick cant, and the laid penalty of ten (hillings per thoufand to be levied by diftrefs and (ale of the offenders goods.	^

III.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That farmer and

one moiety of the faid penalty, and of the produce of the	Mercer's bofpi-

bricks, (hall, after dedufting the aeceflary	expences at- ^ &c*

tending the fale of the bricks and levying the penalty, be

paid to the firft informer, the other moiety to the governors of Mercer's hofpital for the ufe of faid hofpital; and for want of fufficient dillrefs fuch juftices are hereby authorized and required to commit the perfon or perfons fo offending to the common gaol of the city, or county, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any term not exceeding three months.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid. That the parifhioncrs and inhabitants of the parith, liberty, or precin 1, where any offence againft this aft (hall he committed (except perfons receiving alms) (hall be admitted and allowed to be competent witneffes, notwithftand-ing his, her* or their being a pariihioner or parifhioners, inhabitant or inhabitants, in fuch parifh, liberty, or precinft.

CHAP. VII.

An AS for puni/bing fuch Perfons as Jhall do Injuries and Violences to the Perfon or Properties of bis Majeffs SubjeSs, with Intent to binder the Exportation of Corn.

TXT HERE AS many diforderly and evil minded perfons V V have of late frequently affembled themfelvcs in great numbers, and committed great violen es, and done many injuries to the perfons and properties cf his Majeily’s fub-je*ts, with intent to hinder the exportation of corn or potatoes, or the carriage thereof from one part of this kingdom to another, whereby many of ftis Majefty’s fubjefts have been deterred from buying corn and grain, and potatoes, and following their lawful bufinefs therein, to the great icis and damage as well as the great damage and prejudice of the farmers and landlords of this kingdom, and of the

nation

Digitized by L,ooQle

&c. con vi^ed by two jufticet, or at femons, publickly whipped.

The eleventh Tear of George III. nation In general: for the better preventing fuch wicked" and disorderly practices, and more eafily and effectually bringing fuch offenders to condign punifhment, be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the feme. That if any perfon (hall from and af-corn, potatoes* ter the firft day of June next wilfully and malicioufly beat,

* “ * wound, or ufe any other violence to or upon any perfon or perfons with intent to deter or kinder him or them from buying of corn, or grain, or potatoes, in any market or other place within this kingdom, or fhall unlawfully flop or Seize upon any waggon, cart, or other carriage, or horfe loaded wheat, flour, meal, malt, or other grain, or potatoes, in or on the way to or from any city, market town, Seaport, or other ufual place of lhipping corn or potatoes in this kingdom, or wilfully and malicioufly break, cut, Separate, or deftroy the fame, or any part thereof, or the har-nefs of the horfes drawing the fame, or fhall unlawfully take off, drive away, kill or wound any of fuch horfes, or unlawfully beat or wound the driver or drivers of fuch waggon, cart, or other carriage or horfe fo loaded, in order to flop the fame, or fhall by cutting the facks or otherwffe Scatter or throw abroad fuch wheat, flGur, meal, malt, or other grain, or potatoes, or fhall take and carry away, Spoil, or damage the fame, or any part thereof, or fhall diftribute the fame, or compel the owner or his Servant, or the carrier of fuch wheat, flour, meal, malt, or other grain or potatoes, to diftribute or otherwife depart from the poffeflion thereof, or of any part thereof, contrary to his confent, every and all fuch perfon and perfons being thereof lawfully convifted before any two juitices of the county, county of the city, cr county of the town or place corporate, wherein fuch offence or offences fhall be committed, or before the juitices of the peace in open feflion, who arc hereby authorized and impowered Summarily and finally to hear and determine the fame, upon the confeflion of the party, Or upon the oath of one or more perfons, (which oath the faid justices are hereby impowered to adminifter) fhall be fent to the common gaol or to the houfe of correction, there to continue and be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding the Space of three months, nor lefs than one month, and fhall by the fame juftices be alfo ordered to be once publickly and openly whipped by the mafter or keeper of fuch jail or houfe of correction, in fuch city, market town, or Seaport, in or near to which fuch offence fhall be committed, on the firft convenient market day at the market

crofs

Digitized by

Google

The eleventh Tear of George III. erofs or market place there between the houn of eleven and two o’clock.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That if any fuch pcrfon or perfons fo convifted (hall com* For fecood of* mit any of the offences aforefaid a fecond time, or if from fence, dcfboyinf and after the faid firft day of June next any perfon or per-

fons (hall wilfully and malicioufly pull, throw down, or tion’for fire*1** otherwife deftroy any flore houfe or granary, or other place, year*, and re-where corn (hall be then kept, in order to be exported, or taming, death* Cent from one part to another of this kingdom coaftways, or fhall unlawfully enter any fuch flore houfe, granary, or other place, and take and carry away any corn, flour, meal, or grain therefrom, or (hall throw abroad, or (hall fpo3 the fame, or any part thereof, or (hall unlawfully enter on board any (hip, barge, boat, or veflel, and (hall wilfully and malicioufly take and carry away, call or throw out therefrom, or otherwise fpofl or damage, any meal, flour, wheat, or other grain therein, intended for exportation, or to be Cent coallways as aforefaid, every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convifted, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (Hall be tranfported for the fpace of five years, in like manner as other felons are direfted to be tranfported by the laws and (latutes of this realm ; and if any fuch of* fenders fo tranfported (hall return into this kingdom before the expiration of the faid five years, he or (he (hall fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

III.	Provided always. That no attainder from any of* No corrupt fence, made felony by virtue of this aft, (hall xqake or tioo of blood/ work any corruption of the blood, lofs of dower, or difin*&c* heritance of his or their heirs.

CHAP. Vllf.

An A3 to repeal an Ad, intituledAn A8 for the Relief of Debtors, with Rcfped to the Imprifonmcnt of their Per* fonsf

^^^^HERE AS an aft of Parliament made in the eighth g c tg * * year of his prefent Majefty*s Reign, intituled. An affe&mg perfo-' ATt for the relief of debtors, with refped to the impriforment nil credit. of their Perfons, has been found by experience greatly to affeft perfonal credit, and prejudicial to the trades and ma-nofaftures of this kingdom ; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and commons' in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the aforefaid aft, and every daufe thereof, be henceforth repealed, and made null and void.

CHAP,

Digitized by CjOOQle

A. D.

I77I-

The eleventh Year of George III.’

CHAP. IX.

An AS to explain and amend an AS faffed in the fifth Year of Hu Majefly King George the third, intituled, An A3 for amending the Publick Roads•	4

HU. HUMJC OI

the breadth in 5 G. 3. c. 14.

in Ulfter

Roads m Ul- TTT^THEREAS there are many publick roads in the ^ * province of Ulfter, which cannot without great expence and wafte of ground, be made of the breadth required by the (aid ad, and which neverthelefs, ought to be kept in proper repair : be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That a veftry (hall and may be held in every parifh or uni-Michaelmas vef- on in the province of Ulfter, on the firft Tuefday, Wed-trie* held	nefday, or Thurfday after the feaft of faint Michael in every

altered by	year, in the church of	fuch parifh or union, or at fome

13 and 14 G. 3. place within fuch parifh	or union to be appointed for that

c. ia. f.41.	purpofe by the re&or,	vicar, or officiating curate in fuch

parifh or union where there is no church ; and that the pro-teftant parifhioners of fuch parifh or union in fuch veftry af-fembled, or the major part of them, fhall and may prefent fuch fum or fums of money to be raifed upon fuch parifh or union, as they fhall think neceftary, not lefs than one penny, nor exceeding two pence, for each acre (at the rate upon the feveral owners and occupiers of the lands and See. to levy pre- houfes within faid parifh, as the fame have been ufually rated onlrdhfoU<rdif at m vc^7 presentments) for amending or repairing the train and fell, roads in or through the faid parifh or union for the enfu-ing year; and fhall or may chufe one or more proper over-feer or overfeers to take care, that the money fo prefented Audi be properly expended in amending or repairing fuch roads in the (aid parifh or union, as fhall be directed by fuch veftry, and to allow fuch overfeer or overfeers any fum not exceeding eighteen pence a day each for his or their wages, while they are employed in overfeeing fuch roads; and alfo to appoint one or more proper perfon or perfons to collelt the money fo prefented or aflefled, and to allow the faid perfon or perfons any fum, not exceeding twelve pence in the pound for colle&ing the fame; and alfo to chufe one or more dire&or or dire&ors of the faid roads; and alfo to chufe two or more proper perfons, to be applotters for fuch parifh or union; each of which perfons, fo chofen to bean applotter, fhall, within one month after fuch prefent meat made, fwear before fome joffice of the peace of the county, in which fuch parifh or union is fituated, that he will, ac-•	cording

Majority of proteuants to prefent not under one penny, nor above two pence per acre, to ebaue overfeers, dire&ors.

tin 13 and 14 C. 3 c. 32. f 4*

Digitized by

Google

7 he eleventh Tear of George III.	^

cording to the belt of his (kill, knowledge, and judgment, A. D. and without favour or partiality to any perfon whatsoever, 1771. jufUy applot the feveral fums of money, that (hall be prefent-ed or aflelTed by the veftry of fuch parifh for the purpofe aforefaid, on the occupiers of land within the faid parifh or union : and the faid two or more perfons, fo as aforefaid chofen to be applotters, within two months after fuch prefent-ment or afltfTment (hall be made by fuch vellry, (hall accordingly applot the fums fo prefented and aflefTed, and (hall return their applotment of the money prefented by fuch veftry to the re&or, vicar, or officiating curate of fuch pa-rifti or union, figned by them ; which applotment (hall be afterwards figned by fuch redtor, vicar, or officiating curate, and delivered to the perfon or perfons, who (hall be appointed as aforefaid to collect the fums of money therein mentioned, and (hall be a fuflicient warrant to the perfon or perfons, appointed to collcdl the faid money, for levying within every fuch parifh or union fuch fums as (hall be fo prefented or aflefTed: and if any perfon (hall refufe to pay the fum, which he or fhe ought to pay, according to fuch applotment, it (hall be lawful for the perfon or perfons, appointed to collect fuch money, to levy the fame by dif-trefs and fale of fuch perfon’s goods, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner: and that all fuch money, as (hall be fo collected, (hall be paid to fuch director or dire&ors ; and that fuch direftor or directors (hall pay fuch money to fuch overfeer or overfeers in fuch (hares and proportions, and at fuch times, as he or they (hall think proper; and that fuch director or directors (hall, at a veftry to be held on the firft Tuefday, Wednefday, or Thurfay after the feaft of faint Michael in the next fucceeding year, account fully and faithfully upon oath, (which oath the re&or, vicar, or officiating curate, is hereby impowered to adminifter) for all fuch fum and fums of money a9 he or they (hall have received or expended as aforefaid.

II.	Provided always, That no perfon (hall have a right Oath, if de* to vote at any fuch veftry, until he fhall have firft taken the to entitle following oath, or, if a quaker, his folemn affirmation, jftovolCJtvc defired by any parifhioner, which oath or affirmation the

(aid re&or, vicar, or officiating curate, is hereby impowered to adminifter, viz.

I A. B. do /weary (ory if a quaker, do folemniy affirm) that I am a proteflant parijbioner of this pari/hy and that I am worth twenty poundsf over and alove all the debts I owe.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- where no tef* faid, That in cafe any parifh or union within the faid pro- try held, Sec. vince of Ulller (hall neglect, or omit to hold fuel) veftry, *tCtsrg”?* and make fuch preferment or 'preferments as aforefaid, £ jA^ihall bo*

Vcl. V.	C	c	that	’



Digitized by kjOOQle

S02 A. D.

1771-Chap. 9.

in full force as to 6 days labour.

Grand jury in Uliter not appointing colledoras by 5G 3. c. 14 a warrant to levy the ap-plotmcut.

The eleventh Tear of George III. that from thenceforth and for and during fuch year or years as the laid parilh or union lhall omit or forbear to hold fuch veilry, and make fuch prefentinent or prefentments, the fe-veral ads of Parliament, which were repealed by the faid ad, and by virtue whereof the fix days labour were before the pafling of faid ad, enforced and applied to the making and repairing of the roads of this kingdom, fhall in all fuch articles and claufes thereof, or any way related to the faid fix days labour, be in full force within the faid parilh or union ; and the faid fix days labour (hall and may be enforced and applied to the making or repairing the roads in the faid parilh or union, according to the provifi-ons and regulations of faid ads, during fuch time as the faid parilh or union lhall omit or forbear to hold fuch vef* try, or make fuch prefentment or prefentments as aforefaid; any thing in the faid ad of the fifth year of hispre-fent Majdty’s reign in any wife to the contrary notwith-itanding.

IV.	And whereas great inconvenience has been felt in the province of Ulfier, from a difficulty in finding colledors duly qualified, to colled the publick money, purfuant to an ad palled in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty, intitule-1, yin ad for amending the publick roads, by which great arrears have incurred within feveral baronies, to the great interruption and delay of fuch work ; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, that as often as the grand jury of any county in the faid province of Uifter IhaU ne-gled or omit to appoint a colledor purfuant to the laid ltatute for any barony or baronies in faid county, that the treafurer of fuch county lhall ifiue his warrant to the high conllable of fuch barony or baronies, requiring him to levy . fuch fum as lhall be ceded and applotted on the barony within his diltrid, together with any fum that may have remained in arrear on fuch barony by any former neglect of appointing a colledor; which warrant the faid high conllable is hereby impowered and required to execute, and to colled and levy the him fo applotted off the barony as aforefaid, and to pay over the fame to the treafurer of the county, on or before the firll day of the next enfuing affixes; and fuch high conllable (hall be allowed for his trouble in colleding the fame fixpence in the pound, in like manner as the colledors appointed by grand juries.

CHAP*

Digitized by v^ooQle

7*he eleventh Year of George III.

CHAP. X.

An 'ft to enable the Speaker cf the Houfe of Commont to tjfue his Warrants to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to ferve in Parliament in the Room of fuch Members as ft all Die during the Recefs of Parliament*

TTTHEREAS many irconveniencies have happened, and Amended 15 many aiforders have been occalioned, for want 0f*nd^i6 0. 3. more fpecdv elections of members of the houfe of commons in the room of fuch, who have died during the recefs of Parliament ; f->r remedy whereof, be it enacled by the King's moll excellent M;.jjlly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritiril and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament alfembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the end of the prefent leflion of the fpeaker to Parliament, it lltall and may be lawful for the fpeakerof the houfe of commons for the time being, during the recefs of Dew writs to Parliament, for more than twenty days, whether by proro- eleft members, gation or adjournment, and he is hereby required, to lflue ** herein, his warrants to the clerk of the crown to make out new writs for eleding members of the houfe of commons, during fuch recefs of Parliament, upon fuch notice thereof, and in fuch manner as is herein after provided, and not otherwife ; when the death of fuch member (hall have been certified to the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, for the time being, by any two members thereof by writing under their hands, the faid fpeaker (hall forthwith after the receipt of fuch certificate caufe notice of the death of fuch member to be in- , ferted in the Dublin Gazette ; and at the end of fourteen days after the faid infection thereof in fuch Gazette, the day of fuch infertion excluded, the fpeaker (hall forthwith iflue his warrant in manner aforefald, unlcfs the faid houfe of commons (hill have met again after fuch prorogation or adjournment before the ifluing thereof.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That nothing herein contained (hall ex*	**4

tend to authorize the fpeaker of the houfir of commons for 0f the icfiion the time being to iffue his warrant to the clerk of the preceding, crown to make out a new writ for the electing a new member of the houfe of commons in the room of any member deceafed, unlefs the return of the writ, by virtue of which fuch member deceafed was eleded, (hall have been brought to the office of the clerk of the hanaper fifteen days at the kaft before the end of the feffion of Parliament immediately preceding the death of fuch member, and no petition (hall bare been preferred, or other queftion be depending in the C c 2	houic

404 A. D.

7he eleventh Tear of George III. houfe of commons touching the validity of fuch return, or of the ele&ion upon which the fame was made.

CHAP. XL

An A3 to oblige Ships more ejfeSually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Ireland, and to hinder tbefprcading of InfeSion.

A11 (1, ip?, per-tons, and goods imported from lul'pected place, obliged to per-form quarantine as notified bv proclamation.

WHEREAS the laws heretofore made in this king-* * dom to oblige (hips coming from places infe&ed to perform quarantine, and to prevent the plague being brought into and fpreading in the kingdom of Ireland, are expired, and it is neceflary, that fome provifion be made by Parliament for obliging (hips and perfons, coming from places infe&ed with or frequently fubje& to the plague, to perform quarantine in fuch manner as hath been or lhall be ordered by his Majelly, his heirs, or fuccelfors, and for pu-nilhing offenders therein in a more effe&ual manner than can be done by the ordinary methods of law, and for preventing the fpreading of infe&ion, be it ena&ed by the King’s moll excellent Majelly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all Ihips and velfels arriving, and all perfons, goods, and merchandizes whatfoever, coming or imported into any port or place within the kingdom of Ireland from any place, from whence the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom by and with the advice of the privy council lhall judge it probable, that the infedlion may be brought, lhall be obliged to make their quarantine in fuch place and places for fuch time and in fuch manner, as hath been or lhall from time to time be directed by the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being by his or their order or orders made by the advice of the privy council, and notified by proclamation; and that until f Jch fhips, velTels, perfons, goods, and merchandises lhall have refpedtively performed and be difeharged from fuch quarantine, no fuch perfon, goods and merchandizes, or any of them, lhall come or be brought on Ihore, or gu or be put on board any other Ihip or vefiel in any place within his Majelly’s dominions, unlefs in fuch cafes, and by fuch licenfe as lhall be dire&ed or permitted by fuch order or orders, made by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, by the advice-and confent of the privy council, and notified as aforefaid; and that all fuch Ihips and velfels, and the perfons or goods coming

Digitized by kaOOQle

The eleventh Tear of George III. or imported in, or going and being put on board the fame, and all (hips, veffels, boats, and perfons receiving any goods or perfons out of the fame, fhall be fubjeft to fuch orders, rules, and dire&ions concerning quarantine, and the preventing infe&ion, as have been or (hall be made by the faid chief governor or governors of this kingdom in council, and fhall be notified by proclamation as aforefaid.

II. And to the end it may be better known, whether any fhip or vefTel be a&ually infe&ed with the plague, or whether fuch fhip or vefTel, or the mariners or cargo coming or imported in the fame, are liable to any' orders touching quarantine ; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That when any country or place is or fhall be infe&ed with the plague, and any order or orders is, are, or fhall be made by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or govemois of this kingdom and council, concerning quarantine, and the prevention of infe&ion, and notified as aforefaid, as often as any fhip or vefTel fhall attempt to enter into any port or place in this kingdom of Ireland, the principal officers of his Majefty’s cuiloms in fuch port or place, or fuch perfon as fhall be authorized to fee quarantine duly performed, fhall go off, or caufe fome other perfon, to be by him appointed for that purpofe, to go off to fuch fhip or vefTel, and fuch officer or other perfon authorized to fee quarantine performed as aforefaid, or the perfon fo by him appointed for that purpofe, fhall at a convenient diltance from fuch fhip or veffel demand of the commander, matter or other perfon having charge, of fuch fhip or veffel, and fuch commander, mailer,' or other perfon having charge of fuch fhip or veffel, fhall upon fuch demand give a true account of the following particulars, (that is to fay) the name of fuch fhip or vefTel; the name of the commander or perfon having charge thereof; at what place or places the cargo and every part of it was taken on board ; what place or places the fhip or veffel touched at in her voyage ; whether fuch places, or any and which of them were infe&ed with the plague ; how long fuch fhip or veffel had been in her paflage ; how many perfons were on board, when the (aid fhip or veffel fet fail; whether any and what perfons during that voyage on board fuch fhip or veffel had been or fhall be then infe&ed with the plague ; how many died in the voyage, and of what diftemper ; what (hips or veffels he or any of his (hip’s company with his privity went on board, or had any of their company come on board his fhip or veffel in the voyage, and to what place fuch fhips or veffels belonged, and alfo the true contents of his lading to the beft of his knowledge : and in cafe it fhall appear upon fuch examination or otherwife, that any perfon, then on board fuch fhip or

veffel.

On (hips attempting to enter a port, the officer to interrogate the commander, as to the veffel, lading crew, &c. and any matter concealing infection, or coming from infe&-ed phccs, felony, death.

Digitized by

4o6 A. D.

Quitting fhip, ©r lutfering others, before quaran ine ^•rfori cd, penalty 500L

The eleventh fear of George III. veflel, {hall at the time of fuch examination be a&ually infected with the plague, or that fuch fhip or veflel is obliged to perform quarantine, in fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful t© and for the officers of any of his Majefty’s (hips of war, or any of his Majelly’s forts or gnrrifons, and all other his Majelty’s officers whom it may concern, upon notice thereof given to them or any of them refpe&ively, and to and for any other perfon or perfons whom they fhall call to their aid and afiiftance, and they are hereby required, to oblige fuch fhip or veflel to go and repair to fuch place, as hath been or fhall be appointed for performance of quaran? tine, and to ufe all neceflai y means for that purpofe, he it by firing of guns upon fuch fhip or veflel, or any other kind of force or violence whatfoever; and in cafe any fuch fhip or veflel fhall come from any place vifited with the plague, or have any perfon on board actually infc&ed, and the commander, mafter, or other perfon having charge of fuch fhip or veflel, fhall conceal the fame, fuch commander, mafter, or other perfon having charge of fuch .fhip or veflel, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fuffer death as in cafes of felony without the benefit of clergy ; and in cafe fuch commander, mafter, or other perfon having charge of fuch fhip or veflel, fhall upon fuch demand made as aforefaid, not make a true difeovery in any other of the particulars afore, laid, fuch commander, mafter, or other perfon haying charge of luch fhip or veflel, for every fuch offence fhall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the King, his heirs and fucceffors,' and the other moiety to him or, them who will fue for the fame by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majelly’s courts of record at Dublin.

ill. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any commander, mafter, or other perfon having .charge of any fhip or veflel liable to perform quarantine, having notice thereof, fhall himfelf quit, or fhall knowingly pevmit or fuffer any feaman or paffenger coming in fuch fhip or'veflel, to quit, fuch fhip or veflel, by going on fhore, or by going on board any other fhip, boat, or veflel, before fuch quarantine fhall be fully performed, unlefs in fuch cafes, and by fuch proper licence, as fhall be diredled or permitted by fuch order or orders, made or to be made concerning quarantine, and the prevention of infeflion, and notified as aforefaid ; or in cafe any commander, mafter, or other perfon having charge of fuch fhip or veflel, fnall not, within convenient time after due notice given for thatpur-pofe by the proper officer, caufe fuch fhip or veflel, and the Jading thereof, to be conveyed into the place or places ap-

Digitized b'y L,ooq le

The eleventh Tear of George III. pointed for fuch (hip, veffel and lading, to perform quarantine refpe&ively, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch commander, mailer, or other perfon Iraving charge of fuch (hip or veffel, for every fuch offence (hall forfeit the fum of live hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the King, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall fue for the fame; and alfo if a^y peifon lhall fo quit fuch (hip or veil'd by going on (hore, or by going on board any other (hip or veffel, contrary to the true meaning of this acl, it (hall and may be lawful for all perfons whatsoever by force of violence to compel fuch perfons to return on board fuch (hip or veffel, and every' fuch perfon, fo quitting fuch (hip or veffel, lhall for every fuch offence fuffer imprifonment for the fpaoe of fix months, and (hall penalty 6 alfo forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, one moiety to *«*»«* h» impri-the King, his heirs, or fucceffors, and the other moiety to ^™cnt anJ him or them who will fue for the fame ; the fame refpectivc penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in and of his Majclly’s courts of record at Dublin.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefud, ships or h-

That when any country or place is or lhall be infected with zarets provided

the plague, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord <^uaf inr^nj

lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this	^onv^ment

kingdom, by and with the advice of the privy council, to j>|jCo appointed

order (hips to be provided, or to caufe houfes or lazarets for for airing the

the receiving and entertaining of perfons obliged to per-&c. with r	c • ,	* i r .	V	other	rc^ula-

form quarantine as atorehud, during Inch time as they lums a$ hiruQ

(hall continue infedled, or until they lhall have performed fuch mentioned.

quarantine refpeciively; and alio (heds, tents, and other

places proper for the depofiting, opening, ami auing of

gotxls and merchandizes comprized within any fuch order or

orders, made or to be made and notified as aforefaid, to be

provided or ereeled to continue for fuch time or term as the

faid chief governor or governors of this kingdom (hall

think proper, and diredt in convenient places within any

part of Ireland, to be allowed and approved by two or

more neighbouring juilices of the peace for the county,

where the fame lhall refpeciively lye, under their hands

and feals, either in waftc grounds or commons, or where

fuch waite grounds or commons are not fufficient, in the fe-

veral grounds of any peifon or perfons whatfoever, not

being a houfe, park, garden, orchard, yard, or planted

walk, or avenue to an houfe, paying fuch rate, rent, or

confederation for the fame to the perfons intereiled therein

refpedlively, according to their feveral interells in the fame,

as (hall be agreed on between the perfons fo intereiled, their

guardians or truftees, and any two perfons to be appointed

for

Digitized by

Google

Proper officers to compel performance of orders.

Not perform* ing quarantine alter due notice, fee felony, ileath.

The eleventh Tear of George III. for that purpofe, by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom ; and in cafe of any difference concerning fuch rate, rent, or confideration, between the perfons fo interefted, their guardians or truftees, and fuch perfons fo to be appointed by the faid chief governor or governors, as aforefaid, the juftices of the peace at the next general quarter feffions of the peace, to be held for fuch county, wherein fuch ground {hall lye, {hall and may order the fheriff to impanel a jury, and upon the ver-difit of fuch jury adjudge, determine, affefs, and fettle the fame ; and fuch judgment and determination {hall be final, and his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, {hall and may hold and enjoy fuch ground for and during all fuch time and term, a$ the faid lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom {hall judge neceffary for the purpofes aforefaid, paying for the fame fuch rate, rent, or other con-fideration, as {hall be agreed upon or affeffed, and judged as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the proper officers authorized to put in execution fuch orders, made or to be made and notified as aforefaid, {hall, and they are hereby impowered and required, to caufe and compel all perfons obliged to perform quarantine as aforefaid, and all goods and merchandizes comprized within any fuch orders made, or to be made, and notified as aforefaid, refpe&ively to repair or be conveyed to fome of the faid {hips, houfes, or lazarets, fheds, tents, or other places, provided as aforefaid, according to fuch order or orders made, or to be made, and notified as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon, obliged to perform quarantine as aforefaid, {hall wilfully refufe or negledf to repair within convenient time after due notice, for that purpofe given to him, her, or them, by the propet officer, to the fiiip, houfe, lazaret, or other place, duly appointed for him, her, or them, or having been placed in fuch {hip, houfe, or lazaret, or other place, {hall efcape, or attempt to efcape, out of the fame, before quarantine fully performed, it fhalland may be lawful to and for the watchmen, and other perfons appointed to fee quarantine duly performed, by any kind of violence, that the cafe {hall require, to compel every fuch perfon fo refufing or negle£ling as aforefaid, and every fuch perfon fo efcaping, or attempting to efcape as aforefaid, to repair or return into fuch (hip, houfe, lazaret, or other place, fo appointed for him or her as aforefaid ; and every fuch perfon fo refufing or negletting to repair within convenient time after fuch notice, as aforefaid, into fuch {hip, liouie, lazaret, or other place, appointed for him or her,

1	as

I

Digitized by

Google

The eleventh Tear of George III.	409

as aforefaid and alfo every perfon a&ually efcaping, as afore- A. D. laid, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer 1771. death as a felon without benefit of clergy.	Chap. 11.

VII.	And whereas difobedience or refra&ory behaviour

in perfons under quarantine may be attended with great dan- All liable to ger and inconvenience ; be it enabled by the authority afore-faid, That all perfons liable to perform quarantine, whether propcr in (hips, houfes, lazarets, or elfewhere, (hall be fubje& dur- officers to affift. ing the faid quarantine to fuch orders, as they (hall receive from the proper officers authorized to fee it duly performed ; and the faid officers are hereby impowered and required to enforce all neceffary obedience to their faid orders, and may in cafe of neceffity call in others to their affift-ance, and all perfons fo called are hereby required to affift accordingly.

VIII.	And be it further enafred by the authority afore- Prrfons not faid. That if any perfon not infe&cd with the plague, nor infe^ed enter-liable to perform quarantine, (hall prefume to enter any j^^dattem*1* (hip, houfe, lazaret, or other place, fo appointed as afore- ing to rctlim/ faid, whilft any perfon or perfons infe&ed with the plague, compelled to or being under quarantine, (hall be therein, and (hall return, perform qua-or attempt to return, from thence, unlefs in fuch cafes and riUlunc-

by fuch licence, as (hall be directed or permitted by fuch order or orders, made, or to be made, and notified as afore* faid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the watchmen, or other perfons appointed to guard or fecure fuch (hip, houfe, lazaret, or other place, fo appointed as aforefaid, by any kind of violence, that the cafe (hall require, to compel fuch perfon fo returning, or attempting to return, to repair into fome (hip, houfe, lazaret, or other place, fo appointed as aforefaid, there to continue and perform quarantine ; and in cafe fuch perfon (hall a&ually efcapc out of fuch (hip, houfe, lazaret, or other place, where he or (he (hall be fo placed for performance of quarantine, before he or (he (hall have fully performed the fame, he or (he (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a felon without the benefit of clergy.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Officers on

That if any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms or any neglc3 forfeit

officer or officers, perfon or perfons, whatfoever, to whom «mpl°T1"cnt> ... n 11 r ^	.	7	rr	n	*	•	and iocl. to K.

it doth or (hall appertain to execute or amit in executing or embezzling

any order or orders, made or to be made concerning qua- goods, &c. tre-rantine, or the prevention of infection, and notified as afore- blc damages, faid, or to fee the fame put in execution, (hall be guilty of ^ coa4a any wilful breach or negle& of his or their duty in that behalf, every fuch officer and perfon fo offending (hall forfeit his office or employment in the cuftoms, or other office or employment, and (hall from thenceforth become incapable to

hold

Digitized by GooQle

Goods, kc. liable to infection, or if imported from any foreign place, to perform quarantine.

On proof on oath and certificate of due performance, the (hip and perfone dilcharged.

The eleventh Tear of George III. hold and enjoy the fame, or to take a new grant thereof, aad fhall alfo forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, one moiety' thereof to the king, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who fhall or will fue for the fame by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Dublin ; and if any fuch officer or perfon fhall embezzle, or fhall knowingly and willingly damage, any goods performing quarantine under his diredion, he fhall be liable to pay treble damages and full coft of fuit.

X.	And whereas cotton, (kins, human hair, and certain other fpecies of goods and merchandizes, are more efpecially liable to certain infedion, and may be brought from places infeded into other countries, and from thence imported into his Majefty’s dominions in fhips not obliged to perform quarantine ; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That when any foreign country or place is or fhall be infeded with the plague, all fuch goods and merchandizes, as are or fhall be particularly fpecified for that purpofe in any order or orders, made or to be made concerning quarantine, and the prevention of infedion, and notified as aforefaid, which fhall be imported into any part of the kingdom of Ireland from any foreign country or place in any fhip or vefTel whatfoever, fhall be fubjed and liable to fuch order or orders made or to be made concerning quarantine, and the prevention of infection and notified as aforefaid.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That after quarantine fhall have been duly performed by any fhip or vefTel, perfon or perfons, obliged to perform quarantine according to fuch order or orders, made or to be made, and notified as aforefaid, and this ad, and upon proof to be made by the oaths of the mafter, or other perfon having charge of fuch fhip or vefTel, and of two of the perfons belonging to fuch fhip or veffel, or upon proof to be made by the oaths of two or more credible witneffes before the cuftomer, comptroller or colledor of the port, where fuch quarantine fhall be peiformed, or the next port thereunto, or before any of their deputies, or any juftice of peace living near to fuch port, or when fuch quarantine fhall have been performed within this kingdom (which perfons are hereby authorized and required to adminifter fuch oath) that fuch fhip or veffel, and all and every fuch perfon and perfons refpedively, have duly performed quarantine as aforefaid, and that the fhip or vefTel, and all and every fuch perfon and perfons, arc free from infedion, then, and in the faid refpedive cafes, fuch cuftomer, comptroller, or collector, or any of their deputies, together with the faid juftice of the peace as aforefaid, refpedively are hereby required to give a certificate thereof, and thereupon fuch fhip or veffel, and ajl and every fuch perfon and perfons fo having performed

The eleventh Tear of George III.	41X

ed quarantine, (hall be liable to no further reftraint or de- A. D-tention upon the fame account, for which fuch (hip or vef-	1771 •

fel, perfon or perfons, /hall have performed quarantine as Chap. 11. aforefaid.	~

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-	on

faid. That the officer, before whom fuch oath (hall be made, cmifi^atc°r and by whom fuch certificate (hall be given, (hall for fuch refpeftive oath and certificate demand or take no fee or reward whatfoever.

XIII.	Provided nevertheless, and be it enabled by the Goods after authority aforefaid, That all goods, wares, and merchan- performance dizes, imported in any (hip or veffel coming from a place in- opened and fe&ed, or on board which any perfon (hall be found infe&ed, a,rc<l* by (hall after quarantine performed be opened and aired in fuch

place or places, and for fuch time, and in fuch manner, as	*

(hall be dire&cd by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by fuch order or orders to be made and notified as aforefaid : and after fuch order (hall have been duly complied with, and proof fhallbe made thereof by the oaths of two or more credible witneffes before the cuftomer, comptroller, or collc&or of the port lying next to fuch place or places, where fuch goods, wares, or merchandizes (hall have been opened and aired as aforefaid, or any of their deputies, and anyjuftice of the peace living near tbe fame, (who are hereby authorized and required to adml-nifter fuch oath) upon certificate and return of fuch proof by fuch cuftomer, comptroller, or colle&or, or any of their deputies, and fuch jullices of the peace as aforefaid (who are hereby rcfpe&ively required to make fuch certificate and return to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s revenue of this kingdom) fuch goods, wares, and merchandizes (hall be forthwith difeharged from any rellraint or detention on the fame account	by order of the faid commiffioners, or any

two of them,	for every which oath, certificate, and or-

der, no fee or reward whatfoever (hall be demanded or taken.

XIV.	Provided always, and be ft enabled by the autho- To demand

rity aforefaid,	That if any officer or other perfon (hall de- or take any remand or take	any fee or reward whatfoever for any fuch	cm

oath, order, or certificate, to be adminiftcred or made in fccu*0r" purfuance of this a&, every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit

the fum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who will fue for the fame by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty's courts of record at Dublin, in which cafes coils (hall be allowed to cither party as in other cafes.

XV. And be it further ena6ted by the authority afordaid,	officer or That if any officer or other perfon, appointed to fee quaran- watchman de*

tine

Digitized by	It.

ferting duty. See. without licence, felony, death.

Concealing goods. See. from officers, punifh-ed as herein.

Running goods in fmall veffels dangerous in time of infc&ion.

vtffels ‘prohibited from failing till bond with fureties in 300I. not to touch at places in proclamation &c. as herein di-re&ed.

The eleventh Year of George III. tine duly performed, or any perfon placed or appointed as a watchman, upon any {hip, houfe, lazaret, or other place for performance of quarantine, in purfuance of this a&, {hall defert from his or their duty when employed on the faid bu-finefs of quarantine, or {hall knowingly and willingly permit or fuffer any perfon, {hip, goods, or merchandizes, to depart or be conveyed out of fuch {hip, houfe, lazaret, or other place refpe&ively appointed for performance of quarantine, unlefs in fuch cafes, and by fuch licence, as are or fhalj be dire&ed or permitted by fome order or orders made, or to be made, and notified by proclamation, as aforefaid, or if any perfon dire£ed as aforefaid, to give a certificate of a fhip having duly performed her quarantine, or airing, {hall knowingly give a falfe certificate, then, and in every of the faid cafes, every fuch officer, and perfons fo offending, {hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and {hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall knowingly or willingly conceal from the officers of quarantine, or /hall clandeftinely convey any letters, goods, wares, or merchandizes from any fhip under quarantine, or liable to perform quarantine, by any fuch order to be made as aforefaid, or from any lazaret, or other place, where goods (hall be performing quarantine, every fuch perfons fo offending (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of

clergy-

XVII.	And whereas it is notorious, that notwithftand-ing the many good laws made to prevent the clandeftine importation of cuftomable and prohibited goods and meichan-dizes, a pernicious trade of that kind is {till carried on in open boats or veffels of fmall burthen, which privately and in the night put into creeks and feqret places on the coaft, thereby efcaping the obfervation of the officers of the revenue, which pra&ices may prove highly detrimental to the fafety of this kingdom, during a time of infedlion ; for prevention whereof, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That when any part of Ireland, Great Britain, or the iflesof Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, or any part of France, Spain, Portugal, or the Low Countries, fhall be infefted with the plague, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, by his or their proclamation, to prohibit and reftrain all fmall boats and veffels under the burthen of twenty tons from failing or paffing out of any port or place of Ireland, until fecurity be firft given by the mailer of every fuch boat or veffel refpedtively to the fatisfadf ion of the principal officer of the cuftoms, or the chief magiftrate

of



Digitized by

Google

The eleventh Tear of George III.	413

of the port or place from whence fuch boat or veffel (hall A. IX fail, by bond taken to the King, his heirs or fucceflors, 1771. with fuflicient fureties in the penalty of three hundred Chap. 11, pounds, with condition that if fuch boat or veffel (hall not go to or touch at any country, port, or place, to be mentioned for that purpofe in fuch proclamation, and if the maf-ter, or other perfon, having charge of fuch boat or veffel, and all and every mariner and mariners, paflenger and paf-fengers, going in fuch boat or veffel, (hall, during the time aforefaid, not go on board any other (hip or veflel at fea ; and if fuch mailer or other perfon, having charge of any fuch boat or veflel, (hall not permit any perfon or perfons to come on board fuch boat or veflel at fea, from any other (hip or veflel, and (hall not, during the time aforefaid, receive any goods and merchandizes whatfoever out of any other (hip or veflel, then fuch bond (hall be void, or to fuch effect ; for the making of which bond no fee or reward whatfoever (hall be taken : and in cafe any boat or velTcl, for which fuch fecurity (hall be required by fuch proclamation,

(hall fet fail, or pafs out of any port or place of this kingdom, before fuch fecurity be given as aforefaid, every fuch boat or veflel, fo failing or pafling out of any port or place contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a&, together with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, (hall be forfeited to the King, his heirs, and fucceflors, and (hall and may be feized, fued for, and recovered in his Majefty’s court of Exchequer at Dublin to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors; and the mafter of, and every mariner (ailing in any fuch boat or veflel, being thereof lawfully convi&ed, upon his or their appearance or default, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, by one or more juftice or judices of the peace, where fuch offender (hall be found (which oath fuch juffice orjuflicesof the peace are hereby impowered and required to adminiffer) (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the pa-rifli where fuch offender (hall be found, the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods by warrant under the hand and feal or hands and feals of fuch juftice or judiccs, before whom fuch offenders (hall be committed as aforefaid ; and for want of fuflicient did refs every fuch offender (hall by fuch juftice or juftices be committed to prifon, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of three months.

XVJII. And to the end that all perfons may knowhow Proclamation to demean themfelves in the premiffes, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That when and as often as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this

kingdom,

3

Digitized by LjOOQ le

Defendants may plead general illuc, &c.

No corruption of blood or for-. feiture on attainder.

To commence I May 1771,

continued 7 years, &c.

\ further 7 &c. 17 and i8 G. 3. c. a

Perp. 30. G. 3. c.4S f. 9-

The eleventh Tear of George III. kingdom) fhall make any order or orders concerning quarantine, and the prevention of mfedion, and notify the fame by proclamation as aforefaid, fuch proclamation (hall be publickly read upon the next Sunday after the receipt of the fame, and the firll Sunday in every month afterwards, during the time fuch order (hall continue in force, immediately after the prayers, in all parifli churches, and other places fet apart for divine worfhip, within fuch counties and places as (hall be fpccified for that purpofe in fuch proclamation.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any adion or fuit (hall be commenced agamfl any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this prefent ad, the defendant or defendants in fuch adion or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of the faid ad 5 and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, and the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants, and if the plaintiff (hall be non-fuited, or difcontlnue his adion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgment (hall have been given upon any verdid or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant, or defendants (hall and may recover treble colls, and have the like remedy for the fame, as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

XX.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no attainder of felony by virtue of this ad (hall extend to work any corruption of hlood, or forfeiture of any goods, chattels, lands, tenements, or hereditaments.

XXI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That this ad, and the feveral claufes and provifoes therein contained, (hall commence and take effed from and after the firft day of May in the year of our Lord, one thou-fand feven hundred and feventy one, and that the fame (hall continue in force for the fpace of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of Parliament, and no longer.

6

The

Digitized by L300Q le

*The eleventh and twelfth Teart of George III. The Eleventh and Twelfth Years of GEORGE III. CHAP. III.

4*5 A. D. 1771-2.

An At7 _/or Licenfing Hawkers and Pedlars ; and for Encouragement of .Engli/b Protejlant Schools•

XVII.	A ND for the further encouragement of EngWh Bifliopt,

.XJL proteftant fchools, be it enaCted by the an- "“X dcniifc 30 thority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for J^porawdSo-* every archbifhop, bifhop, and to and for ever)’ dean, arch- cicty. deacon, dignitary, prebendary, reCtor, vicar, and ecdefiaf-tical perfon whafoever, with the confent of the archbifhop or bifhop of their refpeCtive diocefe, fignified under the hand and feal of fuch archbifhop and bifhop refpe&ively, and to and for every perfon, being feized of an eflate for life inpofTeffton of any lands, with immediate remainder over to hisiffue in tail, by deed or deeds indented, to demife for any term or number of years or livca, with covenants of perpetual renewal, any quantity of land to them refpeCtively be-longing, not exceeding thirty acres, plantation meafure, to the laid Incorporated Society, and their fuccefTors, referv-ing a rent, not lefs than the improved yearly value of the fame at the time of making fuch demife, payable to thofe who are or (hall be intitled to the freehold and inheritance thereof ; and that all grants fo to be made (hall be good and effectual againft the fucceffors of every fuch archbifhop, bifhop, dean, archdeacon, dignitary’, prebendary, reCtor, vicar, and other ecclefiaftical perfons rcfpeCtively, and againft all perfons claiming or to claim any citate, right, title, or intereft in fuch land by virtue of, or under any limitation, remainder, or reverfion expectant upon fuch eftate for life.

XVIII.	Provided always, That in cafe the faid lands and To 1>« applied premifes, fo demifed as aforefaid, (hall not be applied and t0^^tcr made ufe of tor the benefit and fupport of the charter 1 s» &c* fchools or narfrrics, or fome of them, that are or (hall be ereCted and cflablifhed by faid fociety, fuch demife (hall be abfolutely null and void to all intents and purpofes wbatfo-ever.

CHAP.

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. CHAP. IV.

An AB for granting and continuing to his Majejly the fevered Duties, Rates, and Impofitions therein mentioned, for the Ufe of the Corporation for promoting and carrying on an Inland Navigation in Ireland.

III.

ND whereas the method of carrying on inland

A:	.	.

navigations altogether at the expence of the pub-

lick may be found in many inflances inconvenient, burthen-

fome, and attended with great delay, and the improvement

of this kingdom might be much promoted, if private fub-

feribers could be found, who would carry on fuch works at

their own expence, and it would be reasonable to give fuch

fubferibers fome encouragement fo to do: be it enacted by

When inland the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for

navigation too the faid corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland

expenfive, the navigation in this kingdom, wherefoever it fhall appear to corporation may -	°	&	-	.	,	,	rrm

transfer the pro- them, that the making or compleating any inland navigation

perty as herein, (the property of which is by any law veiled in the faid corporation) will be too expenfive to be compleated at the pub-lick charge alone, in every fuch cafe to transfer the property of fuch navigation or river with its foil, banks, back drains, houfes, tolls, duties, utenfils, and all other matters appertaining thereunto, unto any company of private undertakers, who fhall be willing to carry on and compleat the fame, and who fhall propofe to the faid corporation a fcheme for the carrying on the faid work, fuch as the faid corporation fhall at their diferetion judge beneficial for the publick fervice, and in which fcheme the faid fubferibers fhall propofe to pay the fum, at which the compleating the faid work fhall be eflimated, and fhall alfo propofe to compleat the faid work within a certain time to be limited by the faid corporation : and that in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid corporation, out of the feveral duties granted by this ad, to give to fuch fubferibers an aid towards carrying on fuch navigation, not exceeding in the whole one fixth part of the fum which fhall be necelfary for carrying on and compleating fuch navigation: no payment neverthelefs to be made by fuch corporation on account of or towards any fuch aid, until fuch company of fubferibers fhall make it appear to the fatisfadion of the faid corporation, that fince the time of entering into the con trad herein after mentioned there has been fubferibed, paid in, and adually expended in and on account of faid work five "times fo much money as fhall be then demanded, and has been at any time granted by the faid corporation fince the time of their entering into fuch contrad for or on account of faid work ; upon which, proof having been made to the fatisfadion of faid corporation,

\

Digitized by L,ooQle

inf the proper*

ffc eleventh and twelfth Tears of Georgp III. tion, they (hall iflue their warrant for the payment of fuck fixth part of thefum fb expended at aforefaid.

IV.	Provided neverthclefs, That the property of any _	__

fuch river or navigation (hall not be transferred to any com- 7 nuAbe pit* pany of fubfcribcrs, until an application for the lame dial f*1 tnn,fcr be firft made to the faid corporation at fome meetio*, at which (even members of the laid corporation at the leaft (hall be prefent; which members (hall caufe publick notice to be given in the Gaxette, that they will proceed on fuch bufi* nrfs (fpecifying the fame) on a certain day, which (hall be diftant thirty days at the leaft from the day9 on which fuch notice (hall be fiift inferted in the faid Gaxctte; and until the laid application (hall be firft agreed to at a meeting held in coufequence of fuch notice, at which no left than fifteen members of the (aid corporation (hall be prefent and afient-ing.

V.	Provided aHb, That every fuch agreement (hall be ro* duced into writing by deeds executed between the fiud cor* •*> poration and the faid fubferibers : which fubfcribcrs Audi bind thcmfelves to the execution of the (aid wotk accord* ing to fuch agreement under a penalty, or under terms of forfeiting all property and benefit in the (kid work, at the difcre-tioo of the (aid corporation.

CHAP. VI.

Am A8 for amending and explaining a Provfo or Claufe eon* taint din an AS, faffed m the fourteenth and fifteenth Tears of the Reign of King Chants the Second, intituled. An AS for fettling the Subfidy of Poundage, and granting a Subpdy of Tonnage, and other Sums of Money, unto His Royal Majefy, His Heirs and Succejjbrs, the fame to Be pend upon Merchandizes imported and exported into or out of the Kingdom of Ireland, according to a Book if Rates hereunto annexed.

WHEREAS by an a&pafled in the fourteenth andfif- lUtftali4«4 teenth years of the reign of his Majefty King 14 C. a.c*p. Charles the fecond, intituled. An a8 for fettling the fubjidy of poundage, and granting a fubfidy of tonnage, and otherfums of money unto bis royal Majefty, his heirs and fueeejfors, the fame to be paid upon merchandizes imported and exported into or out if the kingdom of Ireland, according to a book of rates hen* unto annexed, reciting, that by the laws of this realm our fovereign lord the Kang, and his heirs, are to have, receive, and levy one fubfidy of poundage (that is to fay) for all Manner cf ^ and every twenty (hillings of aU manner of merchandises	******

and wares, brought into this realm of Ireland by any per-{on or perfons, to be fold within the laid realm, twelve Vol. V.	Dd	penna

Digitized by CjOOQle

418

A. P-

,i77*-a. Chap. 6.

1

eleventh and twelfth Tears of George IIL pence p£. lawful, money of England, wine and oil only excepted, and reciting that as the prices of all fuch merchandizes aud wares brought in and fold, and the duties therefore, or fubfidy of poundage of the fame was uncertain, and not. poflibly to be had, received, pnd levied in fo regular a way, as the nature of fucli an affair required, un-lcfs fomc certain and fet rates be conceived, by which the faid duty and fubfidy may be paid, it is by the faid aft, amongft otlier things enafted, that the rates mentioned and expreffed in one book of rates thereunto annexed, entitled, as in the laid aft is particularly expreffed, lhall be the rates, according to which all goods and merchandizes of every' merchant, natural born fubjeft, denizens and aliens, to bp brought into all or any part of this realm, or carried out of the lame, of .the value of every twenty (hillings of the fame goods and merchandizes, according to the fevcral and particular rates /Uid values of ,thc fame goods and,merchandises, as they are particularly a:id refpeftively rated and valued in the fore-mentioned book, (hall pay twelve pence Englifh money; and that the faid hook of rates, together with certain rules, orders, and directions, thereunto annexed, entitled, as in the faid aft is exp red eel, and every article, claufe, fentence, and rule, in the before-mentioned book of rates, and certain rules, orders, aud directions aforefaid, fliould from and after the fil'd day of December, one thoufand fix hundred and fixty-one, be and remain as effectual to all intents and pur-poles as aforefaid, as if the fame had been particularly included in the body of the faid aft : and whereas in the faid book of rates, fo annexed to the faid aft, fpiri^ perfeftly made arc rated at one pound or twenty (hillings the gallon, whereby a duty of twelve pence as aforefaid is impofed upon each and every' gallon of fuch fpirits, brought into this realm of Ireland by any perfon or perfons to be fold within the faid realm : and whereas amongft the faid rules, orders, and direftions, annexed to the faid aft, there is a rule, whereby amongft other things it is provided, that all fugars, indigo, ginger, cotton, wools, as- all other wools, and all other commodities of the growth or manufafture of any of the Englifh plantations, lirft imported into and. landed in England or Wales, and afterwards exported from thence into this your Majefty’s kingdom of Ireland, do pay but half part of all fuch cuftom and fubfidies, as according to the faid book of rates is impofed and fet upon the faid commodities ; and whereas notwithftanding by the law9 in being rum may be imported into this kingdom immediately from his Majefty’s fugar colonies without being imported into and being landed in Great Britain or Wales 5 yet nc-verthelefs in order to avoid one moiety or half part of the cuftom or duty, impofed by the faid recited aft, great quan-

Digitized by

Gc i

Duty on rum,

The eleventh and twelfth Teats of Ocorgt IFL tides of rum dnd fpirits of the growth and manufafture of his Majefty*s fugar colonies and plantations, and brought from thence, have of late been imported into and landed in Great Britain or Wales, and afterwards exported from thence into this kingdom, whereby, not only great dday and hazard hath ariftn in the carriage and importation of fuch rum and fpirits, but a great lofsand injury hath thereby happened to your Majefty’s hereditary revenue, which hath thereby been deprived of oae half part of the cuftom and duty meant and intended to be granted by the faid aft, although fuch rum and fpirits could not have been in the contemplation of the makers of the laid aft ; for remedy whereof, and to the end that all rum and fpirits, which (hall be imported into this kingdom, may be fubjeft to and pay to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefLrs, the full and whole cuftom and duty impofed by the laid aft according to the (aid book of rates upon rum or fpirits perfectly made, be it enafted by the King's mod excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, Stc. repealed, the faid provifo or rule herein-brfore recited, and all and every provifo, rule, order, direftion, or claufe annexed to or contained in the faid aft, whereby rum and fpirits, as a commodity of the growth or manufafture of any of his Majefty’s plantations may or might be exempted from one half part of the cuftom or duty by the faid aft and book of rates impofed and fet, (hall, as to rum and fpirits to be hereafter imported into this kingdom as aforefaid be wholly repealed and of none effect, and the fame is and are hereby repealed, made void, and of none effeft, as to all fuch rum and fpirits which (hall hereafter be imported into this kingdom as aforefaid, as tliough fuch provifo, rule, order, direftion, or claufe, had never been made; any thing in the laid recited aft, or in the faid rules, orders, and direftions, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CHAP. VII.

dn AB for the further Improvement of Mis Majejbfs Revenue, end the more ejffeSml preventing of Frauds therein ; and for continuing and amending feveraf Laws heretofore made, and now m Force, relative to His Majefy’s faid Revc-

W HE REAS the feveral laws heretofore made for the improvement of his Majefty’s revenue, and the prevention of frauds therein, have on account of many D d 2	clandcftine

Digitized by v^ooQle

No drawback on	&c.

except at herein.

Tobacco mixed with rabbifti, &c. fori'eittd with package and 101 each.

No duty on timber, Uc.

The eleventh andivxtfib Tears of George III. daodeftine practices, made ufc of to elude the lame, proved in* effedtual to>anfwcr the feveral purpofes thereby intended : be it ena&ed by the King's mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand (even hundred and feven-ty-two, no debenture (hall be ifTued, nor any drawback, allowance, or repayment made for any tobacco, fjpirits, or ftrong Waters whatfoever, when exported or entered outwards for exportation to any part or parts beyond the Teas, unlefs fuch spirits or ftrong waters be (hipped and exported in calks or vefTels containing fifty gallons gauge, or upwards; and fuch tobacco in packages containing five hundred pounds weight at the leaft, and in fome (hip* or veflel of the burthen of one hundred tons or upwards ; and if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall fhip or caufe to be (hipped any tobacco, fpirits, or ftrong waters for exportation, for which he or they fhall claim any drawback, allowance, or repayment in any (hip or veflel under the burthen of one hundred tons, or in packages or quantities lefs than is hereby dire&ed, all fuch tobacco, fpirhs, and ftrong waters (haQ be forfeited ; and if any drawback, allowance, or repayment (hall have been made or paid, the fame (hall be repaid by the perfon or perfons, who received the fame, to the collector of the port who paid the fame, to be accounted for to his Majefty : and all and every perfon and perfons, who ♦hall (hip or caufe to be fhipped any fuch tobacco, (pints, or ftrong waters for exportation in any (hip or veflel under the burthen of one hundred tons, or in packages or quantities lefs than is herein before directed, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty poutkis for each cafk or package.

1L. And be ft further enabled by the authority afore-fcid. That no drawback, payment, or allowance (hall be made or allowed for any tobacco, which is or (hall with intent fraudulently to increase the drawback be mixed with rubbilh or dirt, or with any other matter or thing whatfoever ; and all and every perfon or perfons, who (nail enter or (hip, or caufe to be entered or fhipped for exportation, tobacco fo mixed with rubbilh or dirt, or with any other matter or thing whatfoever, or who (hall enter any thing as tobacco for exportation, and which upon examination by the proper officer (hall appear not to be tobacco, (hall forfeit all fuch goods, and the calks or other package in which they are contained, and alfo the fum of twenty pounds for each and every calk or other package.

XL' And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That fyom and after the firft day of June next, there (hall be no duty whatfoever paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccelfors,

during

Digitiz by

Google

Fortli

ncipi ►nek or

*fbe eleventh and twelfth Yean of George III. duriog the continuance of this ad, for or on account of afey timber, balk, deals, wainfeot, or any other wood fit for building or manufacture, or rofm imported into this kingdom from any of his Majcfty’s plantations in America, or the Weft Indies, in (hips, the property of any of his Majefty*s fubje&s, being navigated according to law.

XII.	Whereas the cambrick manufactures of this kingdom have received great prejudice by means of foreign cam-bricks and lawns fraudulently run into different parts of this kingdom, and fold under the denomination of Britifh or Irifli cambricks and lawns: for the prevention of fuch frauds, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That any

perfon or perfons, who (hall after the twenty fourth day of,_____

June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, intro- laws,* offered a duce into any part of this kingdom any foreign cambricks Britifli or Irifb, or lawns, or (hall, knowing the fame to be foreign cambrick h*jf«itcd, sod or lawns, offer the fame to (ale as Britifh or Irim cambricks

nr lawns, or fhall denominate fuch foreign cambricks or lawns, or affert the fame to be Britifh or Irifh cambricks or lawns, knowing the lame to be foreign cambricks or lawns,

(hall for every fuch offence, over and above the forfeiture of fuch foreign cambricks or lawns, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, one moiety thereof to be paid and applied to the ufe of the governor and company for carrying on the cambrick manufacture in Dundalk or elfewhere in this kingdom; and the other moiety to the informer or informers.

XIII.	And whereas the clandeftine and Illicit importation ^	..

of fevend goods and merchandizes is carried on upon the 1to«oJro5'* coafts of this kingdom (and more efpcciaDy by veffrlt of or fessure on board belonging to the ports of Ru(h, Skerries, Malahide, Ro- veffeb, Arc. the gerftown Bay, Buldovle, and Howth) by force of arms,

and in open defiance ot law, and the civil power by law efta-bKfhed, to the great detriment of his Majefty’t revenue, to the prejudice of the fair trader, and increafe of all forts of enormities among the lower ranks of people: for remedy whereof, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the (aid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy*two, if any perfon or perfons on board any (hip, boat, or veffel, being within the limits of any port or harbour of this kingdom, or being within three leagues of any of the (bores of this kingdom,

(hall with arms forcibly refift or prevent any officer of his

Majefty's revenue from boarding or entering into fuch (hip,

boat, or veffel, to fee, furvey, and make fearch for excue-

able goods and commodities, that may be found therein; Refilling

orelfe, permitting them fo to do, (hall after fuch entry niake though not with

reliftance, and by force of arms fhall prevent or hinder fuch cTTV* t s**!. 3.

officer or officers from feizing and carrying away any fuchf

cxcifcablc

Digitized by Google

. *Thc eleventh and twelfth Tears ef George III. «*cifeablc goods or commodities, which by any law now in being they have power to feize, then, and in either of the faid cafes, fuch (hip, boat, or veffel, with all her guns, tao-kle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and all prohibited goods and commodities found therein, (hall be forfeited, and (hallaq<d may be feized and profecuted as herein after diied-ed.

XIV,	Provided always. That if fuch forcible refiftance (hall be given contrary to the intentions and endeavours of the erfw, or a majority of them, the claufe herein before mentioned, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend to any fuch cafe,

XV.	And whereas by the faid a£l pafled in the fourteenth

*5 C aT>d	years of the reign of King Charles the fe«-

cjctencfid to cat- C°ud, entitled, An a3 for the fettling of the excife or new tie '•w; ying «c- anpofl upon his Majejly, his heirs and fucccJforsy according to cifabltf goods aot the book of rates therein inferied, it is among other things en-emzrtd.	a&ed, that evety pi ter, carman, or other perfon whatfor

ever, who (hould at any unfeatonable hour, or from any unlawful place, draw, carry, or convey, any goods or merchandizes excifeable, in any coach, cart, waggon, tumbrtU, pr other manner of draught, pr plfe by way pf burthen j and every porter, carman, or other perfon, that ih«uld knowingly at any other time wbatfoever, though feafocable, load, drive, carry, or convey any goods and merchandizes, which (hould have been landed or laid op fhore, before entry firil made, at any unfeafonable hour, or at any unlawful place, (hould for his or their fo doing not only lofe apdpay five pounds, to be levied by diftrefs, or elfe punifhed as therein is dire&ed $ but the coach, cart, or other draught, with the horfes or cattle drawing of them, or their value, (hould be forfeited and coqfifcated ; and whereas doubts have arifen, whether the faid recited claufe doth extend to a horfe, or other cattle, carrying goods and merchandizes by way of burthen, and not drawing of the fame : for remedy whereof, and for obviating and taking away all fuch doubts, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid re-pited claufe (hall extend to all horfes and other cattle what-foever, that (hall carry by way of burthen or otberwife any goods or merchandizes excifeable, that have not been duly entered, and his Majcily’s duties paid according to Jaw.

No replevin XVI. JSe it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, without leave That no writ of replevin, writ of deliverance, or writ of from Exchequer, recaption, (hall at any time hereafter, without leave firft gnlcfs acquitted obtained for that purpofe from his Majefty’* court of Ex-P/ courfc. chequer, be executed for any goods pr chatties, feized by any officer pf excife for being run, or intended to be run, without payment of the cities payable to his	or

. ' '	  6	for

Unlefs contrary to intent of the crew.

Digitized by L,ooQle

33G. 2. c. io.

ao,

3* c. 7.

77* eleventh and twelfth Tears of George IIL for goods and commodities detained to anfwer *he payment of duties due and chargeable thereupon to his Majdly, un-Ws fuch goods and chatties (hall be firll acquitted by due COurfe of law.

XVII.	And be it further cnaded by the authority afore-faid, That the faid ad, made in the thirty-tfbird year of the reign of his late Majelty King George the fecond, entitled, jin ad for the better regulating the collection of his Majcjly’s revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein, and for repeal-mg an a3 made the lajl fejftons of parliament, entitled, An ad far continuing and amending feveral laws heretofore made, relating to bis Majejlfs revenue, and for the tnore ejfedual preventing of frauds in bis Majcjly’s cvftoms and excife, and the feveral ads and Jlatutes winch are mentioned in the faid ad, and continued thereby ; and alio one other ad made in the fecond year of his prefen t Majeily’s reign, entitled, An ad for continuing and amending an ad, c:;titled. An act for the better regulating the colled ion of hb - Maycf.y's revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein, and for repealing an ad made the laft fejftons of parliament, entitled. An ad for continuing and amending feveral laws heretofore made, relating to his Maje/ly*s revenue, and for the more ejfedual preventing of frauds in his Majefty,s cuftoms and excife, ami the feveral ads and Jlatutes which are mentioned in the faid ad, and continued thereby, and alfo one other ad made in the third year of his prefent Ma-jefty’s reign, entitled, %An ad for continuing and amending two feveral ads of parliament therein mentioned, and for the more ejfedual preventing of frauds in his Majjly's cujl'ms and excife, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, and alio one other ad made in the fifth year of his prefer.t Majefty’s reign, entitled. An ad for continuing and amending feveral laws relating to his Majcfly's revenue, and for the more ejfedual preventing of frauds therein, and for other purpofes therein mem turned, and alfo one other ad made in the feveuth year of hit prefent Majelty’s reign, entitled, An ad for the further improvement of bis Majrjly’s revenue, and for continuing and amending feveral ads therein particularly mentioned, and all and every the claufes therein refpedively contained (except fuch parts ^hereof as are altered, repealed or amended, by

this prefent ad, or by any or either of the faid recited ads) continued **vc fhall continue and be in force for the fpaee of two years, cr * from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament, and no longer.

XVIII.	Provided always. That the feveral claufes con- Claufes in tainedin the ad above recited, and faid to be made ia the 2 G. 3 c 7 re-fecond year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, relative to the m2Al perpetual, appointment of the commiifioners of excife and culkoms,

fliall be and remain perpetual, as in the faid ad is declared.

XIX. And

3 O. 3. c. si.

S G. 3. c. 16.

7 O. 3. c. 27.

Digitized by

Googli

All penalties by thjtor laid •cb, levied end implied at by 14

•ad 15 C. »^c.

1

Continued ft Tears, Ac. and by *3, >4

<*, 3- f• 7-£ ** and 15, x6 O.

3. c. 15. f. jo. pod 17, 18, 19, ao G. y

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.

XIX.	An<l be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures, infli&ed by this a£t, or by the faid five fcveral ads of Parliament herein before laft particularly mentioned and recited, or by »ny of them (other than and except fueh as by this a£, or by any pf the faid fire recited a<Ms of Parliament herein before laft mentioned, are otheryrife provided for) fhall and may be fued for, recovered, levied, and applied, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and authorities, as are prescribed, directed, and appointed, in and by the faid a& of Parliament, made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fepond, entitled. An aft for fettling the ex-fife or new tmfofi upon hi* Majefy> his heirs and fuccsffbrsj Recording to toe hook of rates therein infertedy as fully and effectually to all intents, conftruCtions, and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned! exprefled, and re-enaCted, in the body of this prefent ad, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who Aral! think him, her, or tbemfelves aggrieved or injured, a, m pnd by the faid aft of excife is provided.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority afqrefaid, That this ad, and the feveral further provi-fions hereby made, (hall continue and be in force for the fpaee pf two years from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou fand feven hundred and feventy-two, and from thence to the pnd pf the then next fefilQP of parliament and uo lpnger.

CHAP. VIII.

An Act to prevent Frauds committed by Bankrupts.

WHEREAS divers perfons adually exercifing the trade of merchandise ip grofs or by retail, feekiog their living by buying and felling, as alfo feriveners, falef-mafters, bankers, brokers, and fa&ors, as well natural bom fubje&s as denizen^ and aliens, do frequently abfeond, and keep their houfes, or otherwife feek to evade the payment of their juft debts not fo much by reafon of a&ual Ioffes or unavoidable misfortunes, as to the intent to defraud their creditors, and oftentimes make copveyances of their eftates and effe&s, and execute bonds and other fecurities to fome, in prejudice to others of their creditors: and whereas many well difpofed perfons by the cafualties, to which trade is liable, are freq gently laid under grievous hardfhips by the pbduracy of one or more creditor or creditors, and are thereby prevented from doing that equal joffice to their creditors general, which they are willing to dp : for remedy where.

The eleventh amt troefftb Tears ef George III	4$f

of, be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by	A. D.

and with the advice and confent of the lords fpintnal and	1771-2.

temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflcm- Chap. 8. Med, and by the authority of the fame, That from and V——v— after the twenty-fourth day of June, in the year of our Merchants, Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, every	g*.dtjr of the

pcrfon and pcrfons ufing or that (hall ufe the trade of mer- d^cmed^nk-ehandize in grqfs or mail, or feeking his, her, or their liv- rapu from firft ing by buying and felling, or dealing in exchange, or a&- arrcfL iog as fcrivener, (alefmafter, banker, broker, or factor, at well natural born fubje&s as denizens and aliens, who (hall abfcond or depart from this realm, or begin to keep his, her, or their houfe or houfes, or othcrwue abfent him or herfelf, fo that his, her, or their creditor or creditors cannot have accefs to him, her, or them, or take sanctuary, or fuffer himfelf, or herfelf willingly to be arrefted without any juft or lawful caufe, or good conlideration or purpofe, or (hall fuffer him or herfelf, or themfdves, to be outlawed, or yield him or herfelf or themfelves to prifon, or willingly or fraudulently procure him or herfelf or themfelves to be arrefted ; or his, her, or their goods, money, or chatties, to be attached of fequeftered, or taken in execution, or depart from his, her, or their dwelling houfe, or make, or caufe to be made, any fraudulent grant or conveyance of his, her, or their lands, tenements, goods or chattels, to the intent or whereby his, her, or their creditors (hall or may be defeated or delayed from the recovery of his, her, or their juft and true debts, or (hall by himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, or by the means of others by his, her or their procurement, obtain any protection or protections, other than fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be lawfully prote&ed by the privilege of Parliament, or (hall prefer or exhibit unto his Majefty, his heirs or fucceiTors, or unto any of the King’s courts, any petition or petitions, hill or hills, againft his, her, or their creditor or creditors, or any of them, thereby defiring or endeavouring to compel or cnfoice them, or any of them, to accept lefs than his, her, or their juft and principal debts, or to procure time or longer days of payment, than was given at the time of their original contracts; or, being arrefted for debt, (hall after his or her arreft lie in priioia two months or more upon that or any other arreft or detention in prifon for debt; or, being arrefted for the fum of one hundred pounds, or more, of juft debt or debts, (hall at any time after fuch arreft efcape out of prifon ; and every trader having privilege of Parliament, who (hall negleCt to make (atisfaCtion for any juft debt to the amount of one handled pounds, or more, within two months after fcrvice of legal procefs for fuch debt, (hall be deemed and adjudged bankrupts; and ip the cafes of arrefts, or lying is prifes for

Digitized by LjOOQ le

426	The eleventh and twelfth Tears tf George III.

A. D. fudi debt or debts, (hall be deemed bankrupt from the time 1771-3*	of, Ip's, her, or their faid firil arreft.

Chap. 8. II. Provided always, That no farmer, grazier, or drover of cattle, (hall be entitled as fuch to any of the benefits given No farmer, by this ad, or be deemed a bankrupt within the fame, unlefs fadL“ltitled “ ^UCk perfon or perfons (hall a&ually and bona fide ad as a ferivener, fidefmafter, banker, broker, or fador, or dealer in exchange, or as a merchant or merchants within the meaning of this ad.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Commiffion- That the lord chancelloi of Ireland, or the lord keeper or eis appointed commiffioners for the cuftody of the great feal of Ireland, !Tdiraca^.hCrC’ ^°r t^1€ t*me	upon every complaint made to him or

them in writing againft fuch perfon or perfons being bankrupt, as or are before defined, (hall have full power and authority by commiffion under the great feal of Ireland to name, affign, and appoint fuch wife, honeft, and difereet perfons, as to him (hall feem good, who, or the major part of them, by virtue of this ad and the faid commiffion (hall have full power and authority to take by their diferetion fuch order and diredion with the body and bodies of fuch perfon, wherefeever he or (he may be had, either in hi3 or her hdufe or houfes, privileged place, or elfewhere, as well by imprisonment of his or her body or bodies, as alfo with all his or her lands, tenements, hereditaments, or freehold, and all covenants of renewal of fuch freehold which he or (he (hall have, or be any way intitled to in his or her own right, before he or (he became bankrupt; and alfo with all fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as fuch perfon (hall have purchafed or obtained for money or other recompence jointly with his wife, children, or child, or with any other perfoaor perfons to the ufe of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, or of or for fuch ufe, intereft, right, or title, as fuch bankrupt pr bankrupts then (hall have in the fame, or in truft to any fccret ufe of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts; and alfo with all lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whereof he or (he fhall be any ways feized of any eftate in tail in pofleffion, reverfian, or remainder, and whereof no reverfiom or remainder is or (hall be in the King’s Majefly, his heirs or fuccef-fors, of the gift or provifion of his Majefty, his progenitors, his heirs or fucce(fors; and alfo with his or her money, goods, chattels, wares, merchandizes, and debts, wherefo-ever they may be found or known, and caufe the faid lands, tenements, hereditaments, fees, annuities, offices, goods, chattels, wares, merchandizes, and debts, to be fearched, t	viewed,	rated, and appraifed, to the bed value they may,

and by deed indented and inrolled in one of the King’s courts of record to make fale of the faid lands, tenements, and heredkameats, and of all deeds, writings, and evidences *	'	touching	J

Digitized by kjOOg

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George 1{I.	4#7

torching only the fame, belonging to fuck bankrupt or A* D* bankrupts, and alfo all fees, annuities, offices, goods, and 1771-0* chattels, or otherwise to order the* fame for the true fatis- .Chap* 8. fa&ion and payment of the faid creditors; that is to (ay, to every of the laid creditors a portion rate-like according to the quantity of his or their debts, fo that every creditor and creditors, having fecurity for his or their feveral debt* by judgment, ftatute, recognizance, fpecialty, with penalty or without penalty, or other fecurity, or having no fecurity, or having made attachments in Dublin, or any other place# by virtue of any cuftom there ufed, of the goods and chattels of any fuch bankrupt, whereof there is no execution or extent ferved and executed upon any lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels, and othei eftate of fuch bankrupt, before fuch time as he or (he (hall or do become bankrupt, (hall not be relieved upon any fuch judgment, ftatute, recognizance, fpecialty, attachments, or other fc* cunties, for more than a rateable part of their juft and due debts, with the other creditors of the faid bankrupt, without refpeef to any fuch penalty, or greater fum contained in any fuch judgment, ftatute, recognizance, fpecialty, with penalty, execution, attachment, or other fecurity; and that every dire&ion, order, grant, bargain, fale, conveyance, and other thing, done by the faid perfons fo authorized as is aforefaid, (hall be good and effcdoal in the law againft the faid bankrupt or bankrupts, his or their wife or wives, heir or heirs, child and children, and fuch perfon and perfons as by fuch joint-purchafe with the faid bankrupt or bankrupts as i3 aforefaid have or (hall have any eftate or intereft in the premifles, and againft all and every the iffues of the bodies of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, and againft all and every perfon and perfons claiming any eftate, right, title, or intereft, by, from, or under the (aid bankrupt or bankrupts, after fuch time as fuch perfon (hall become bankrupt, and againft all and every other perfon and perfons whatsoever, whom the laid bankrupt by common recovery, or other ways or means, might cut off or debar from any remainder, reverfion, rent, profit, title, or poffibility, in, tc, or out of any of the faid lands, tenements, or hereditaments ; and that if any perion, who (hall become a bankrupt, and hath heretofore granted, conveyed, or affured, or (hail at any time hereafter grant, convey, oraffureany lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels, or other eftate, unto any perfon or perfons upon condition or power of redemption by payment of money, or otherwife, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffionert, or the major part of them, to affign and appoint under their hands and fesds fuch perfon or perfons, as they (hall think fit, to make tepder or payment of money, or other performance,

according

Digitized by v^ooQle

The eleventh end twelfth. Tears rf George III. according to the nature of fuch condition, as fully as the bankrupt tn^ght have done ; and that the laid commiffioners, or the major part of them, (hall, after fuch tender, payment, or performance, have power to fell and difpofe of fuch lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, and chattels, and other eftates fo granted, conveyed, or allured, upon condition, to and for the benefit of the creditors, as fully as of any other eftate of the bankrupt.

Execution on	IV. Provided, That no creditor or creditors of any

ferivener, falefmafter, banker, broker, fa&or, dealer in ex* rtteably wuh change or merchandize, within the defeription of this ad, others.	though	for valuable confideration who fhall fue execution

upon any judgment obtained by default, confeflion, or nil &at^ (hall avail him, her, or themfelves of fuch execution to the prejudice of other fair creditors, but the peifon fuing out the fame fhall be paid rateably only with other creditors.

Judgments V. Provided always. That nothing heren contained fhall JP10*h®c®m* extend to any fecurity or fccurities by judgment, obtained fKrtJfedccL** before the bankrupt fhall become ferivener, falefmafter, banker, broker, fa&or, dealer in exchage or merchandize; but all debts fo fecured fhall have the fame force and effed, priority, and preference, as if this ad had not been made.

Nor purchafe VI. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded by the an* impeached, un- thority aforefaid, That no purchafe for good and valuable *	confideration (hall be impeached by	virtue of this ad, unlefs

1	the commiffion to prove him or	her, who fhall become a

bankrupt, be filed forth againft fuch bankrupt within five years after he or (he fhall become a bankrupt.

Conveyance VII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-by haukrupt, to. That if any perfon, who fhall be a bankrupt by the of* as	toEt	i°tent tk*»	fhall convey,	or caufe to be conveyed,

own life.	to any of his or her children, or	other perfon or perfons,

any manors, lauds, tenements, hereditaments, offices, fees, annuities, leafes, goods, or chatties, or transfer his or her debts in other men’s names, except the feme fhall be pur-chafed, conveyed, or transferred for or upon marriage of any of his or her children (both the parties married being of the years of confent) or fome valuable confideration, it fhall be in the power and authority of the commiffioners in this behalf to be appointed, or the major part of them, to bargain and fell, grant, convey, demife, or otherwife to dif-pofc thereof, in as ample manner as if the faid debts were in the bankrupts own name, or as if the faid bankrupt had been adually feized or poffefTed of the like eftate or intereft to his or her own ufe, at fuch time as he or fhe became bankrupt; and that every fuch grant, bargain, fale, conveyance, and difpofition of the faid commiffioners, or the

major

4tS

A. D. 1771-2* Chap* 8*

Digitized by L,oc 1

72* eleventh ami twelfth Tears ef George III. major part of them, (hall be good and available to all intents, coafbu&ions, and purpofe* in the law againft foch bub rupt, his and her heirs, executors, admin id rators and sffigns, and fuch children and perfons, as (hall be (ubjed to this ftatute, and againft all other perfons claiming by, from, or under fuch bankrupt, or fuch other perfon or perfons to whom fuch conveyance (hall be made by the (aid bankrupt, or by his or her means and procurement.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Acquifitioi* (aid. That if any perfon or perfons, who (haD be publi(hcd ^y^JSpoTed and declared to be bankrupt by virtue of this ad, (hall at of aetherSk any time after purchafe any lands, tenements, hereditaments,

offices, fees, goods, or chatties, or that any lands, tenements, hereditaments, offices, fees, goods, or chatties, (hall defeend or revert, or by any means come, to fuch period or perfons being bankrupt, before fuch time as their debts due to their creditors (hall be fully fstished and paid, or otherwise agreed for as is herein after mentioned, that then the (aid lands, tenements, hereditaments, offices, fees, goods and chatties (hall by virtue of this ad by the (aid com-miffioners to be appointed as afore (aid, or the major part of them, be bargained, fold, extended, delivered, and ufed for and towards the payment of the faid creditors in fuch like manner and form, as other the lands, tenements, hereditaments, offices, fees, goods, and chatties of the hud bankrupts, which they had, when they were declared to be firft bankrupt, (hould or might have been bargained, ibid, difpofed or ufed by virtue of this ad.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore*

(aid. That if at any time herafter any perfon or perfons (hall ^ become bankrupt, and at fuch time (hall by the consent and in bankrupt's permiffiou of the true owner and proprietor have in their pofleffion, as pofleffion, order, and difpofition, any goods or chatties, ”Cin* whereof they (hall be reputed owners, and take upon them

the fale, alteration, or difpofition as owners, fuch goods excepted as (hall be in the cuftody of fuch bankrupt by con-iignment or fadorage, that in every fuch cafe the faid com* million era, or the major part of them, (ball have power to (ell and difpofe of the lame to and for the benefit of thn creditors, who (hall feek relief by the laid oommiffion, as fully as any other part of the eftate of the (aid bankrupt.

X.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefiud. That One petition, no commiflion of bankrupt under the great fell of Ireland in* creditors (hall be awarded and iflued out agaixitt any perfon whatib* ^

ever upon the petition of one or more creditors, uolefs the ^m^Mtoseeh Ungle dc*bt of the creditor, or of two or more perfons, being partners, petitioning for the (ame, do amount to the fum of one bundled pounds or upwards, or unlefs the debt of two creditoio fo petitioning as aforefaid (hall aopuat to one 3 '	hundred

Digitized by v^ooQle

D.

Ln»-*•

3p« S*

of two Ijcl. of three or more 200I.

lord chancellor in 200I.

The eleventh and tmdfth Teat* of George III. hundred and fifty pounds, or upwards; or unlefs the debt of 1771-2. three or more creditors fo petitioning as aforefaid fhall ^^ap. 8. amount to two hundred pounds 'or upwards ; and all the creditor or creditors petitioning for fuch commiflion (halt, before the fame (hall be granted, make an affidavit or (being one of the people called quakers) make a folemn affirmation "affidavit before *n	before One of the matters of the high court of

a mailer by all chancery (which oath or affirmation they are hereby im* petitioning ere- powered to admmifter, and which (hall be filed with the r ProPcr officer) of the truth and reality of fuch his, her, and of th/det** ^eir refpe&ive debt and debts, and likewife give bond to and bond to the lord chanoeUer, lord keeper, or commiffioners of the great feal for the time being, in the penalty of two hundred pounds, to be conditioned for proving his, her, or their debt, as well before the commiffioners named in fuch com-miffion as upon a trial at law, in cafe the due ifTning forth bf the fame (hall be contefted and tried, and alfo for proving the party a bankrupt at the time of taking out fu<?h com-miffion, and further to proceed on fuch commiflion, as herein after is mentioned: and if fuch debt or debts fhall not be really due or owing, or if after fuch commiflion taken out it cannot be proved, that the party was a bankrupt at the time of the iffuing of the faid commiflion, but on the contrary it fhall appear, that fuch commiflion was taken out fradulently or malicioufly, that then the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commiffioners of the great feal for the time being, fhall ?nd may upon petition of the party or parties aggrieved examine into the fame, and order fatisfaftion to be made to him, hei^ or them, for the damages by him, her, or them fuftained; and for the better recovery thereof may, in -	cafe there be occafion, affign fuch bond or bonds to the

1	'	aggrieved party or parties fo petitioning, who may fue for

. * ‘ " ‘the fame in hi** her, and their name and names.

One creditor ' XI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-privitely receiv-fold, That if any bankrupt or bankrupts fhall after ifluing " und^ht" oods an7 comn^^°n againtt him, her, or them, pay to the or other fatSac-* perfon or perfbns, whofued out the fame, or other wife give tion, t million Or deliver to fuch perfon or perforts goods, or any other fuperfeded, &c. fetisfa&ion Or ’fecurity for his, her, or their debt, whereby fuch perfon or’ perfbns fuing out fuch commiflion fhall privately have and receive more in the pound in refpe& of hi?,

*	~ her, or their dfcbt, than the other creditors, fuch payment

of money, delivery of goods, or giving great or other fecu-\	rity or fatfofa&ion, fhall be deemed and taken to be fuch an

,.;v ....... a& of bankruptcy, whereby on good proof thereof fuch

commiflion fhall and may be fuperfeded ; and it fhall be lawful for the lord ehancellor, lorn keeper or commiffioners for the cuftody of the great feal of Ireland for the time being, to award to any creditor or creditors petitioning another i •	commiflion,

Digitized by L,ooQle

7~he eleventh and twelfth Years of George III. commiflion, and fuch perfon or perfons, fo taking or receiving fuch goods or other fatisfe&ion as aforefeid, fhall for-fat and lofe as well his, her, or their whole debt, as the whole he, (he, or they (hall have taken or received, and {ball pay back and deliver up the fame, or the full value thereof, to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid commiflioners acting under fuch new commiffion (hall appoint, in truft for and to be divided amongft the other of the bankrupt’s creditors in proportion to their refpe&ive debts.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

laid, That the creditor or creditors, who {hall petition for	till

and obtain any commiffion of bankrupt, (hall be, and is, aflignee* chofen, and arc hereby obliged at his, her, or their own cods and Sec. expences to fue forth and profecutethe fame, until an affig-

nee or affignees (hall be chofen of fucli bankrupt’s eftate and effects, as herein after preferibed; and the commiinoners to be named in any fuch commiffion (hall at the fame meeting, which (hall be appointed for the choice of the affignees, afeertain fuch cods, and by writing under tlirir hands (hall direct and order the aflignee or affignees of fuch bankrupt’s edate, who is and are hereby required to pay and reimburfe fuch petitioning creditor or creditors fuch his, her, or their cods and charges as aforefaid, out of the hrit monies or effects of the (aid bankrupt, that (hall be got iu atxl received under the faid commiffion ; and every creditor of the faid bankrupt (hall be at liberty to prove his, her, or their debt or debts under the faid commiffion without paying any contribution or fum of money whatfoever for or on account of fuch debt or debts.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Creditors may

bid. That all and every perfon and perfons, who have given prove and receive

credit, or at any time or times hereafter (hall give credit,

.	*	ir..	ditcount at lot

on bills, bonds, notes, or other lecunties, to any perlon or p;rc^t.	9

perfons who (hall become bankrupt, upon a good and valuable confide rat ion, bona JUe, for any fum or lums of money, or other matter or thing whatfoever, which (hall not be due or payable at or before the time of fuch perfons becoming bankrupt, (hall be admitted to prove his, her, and their refpective bills, bonds, notes, or other fecurities, promife, or agreement for the fame, iu like manner as if they were made payable prefently, and not at a future day, and {hall be intitled unto, and (hall have and receive a proportionable part, (hare, and dividend of fuch bankrupt’s cliate, in proportion to the other creditors of fucli bankrupt, deducting only thereout rebate of intereft, and dif-counting fuch fecurities payable ak future times, after the rate of fix pounds fer centum per annum, for what he (hall fo receive, to be computed from the adtual payment thereof to the time fuch debt, duty, or fum of money,

filould

431 A. IX*

1771-2. Chap. 8.

Petitioner*

Digitized by CjOOQle

432	The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George 111.

A. D.	fbould or would have become due	and	payable in and by

1771-2.	fuch fecurities; and it (hall and	may	be lawful for fuch

Chap. 8.	perfon or perfons to petition for,	or	join in petitioning

for, any commiffion of bankruptcy.

No allowance XIV. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-of That there (hall not be paid or allowed by the creditors, bankrupueftate, or out °f t^lc eftate of the bankrupt, any monies whatfoever *c.	* for expences in eating or drinking of the commiffioners, or

of any other perfons at the times of the meetings of the faid commiffioners, or any of the creditors; and that no fchedule (hall be annexed to any deed of affignment of the perfonal eftate of fuch bankrupt from the faid commiflioners to the aflignee or affignees of the faid eftate: and if any commiffioner or commiffioners in any commiffion (hall order any fuch expence to be made, or eat or drink at any fuch meeting at the charge of the creditors, or out of the eftate of fuch bankrupt, or receive or take above the fum of twenty (hillings each commiffioner for each refpeftive meeting, eveiy fuch commiffioner fo offending (hall be difabled for ever to aft as a commiffioner in fuch or any other com-miffion founded on this aft.

Commiffion- XV. Provided, That the faid commiffioners, authorized ers oath.	as aforefaid, and every of them, (hall not be capable of act-

ing as a commiffioner or commiffioners in the execution of any of the powers and authorities given and granted by this aft (unlefs it be the power hereby given of adminiftering oaths to commiffioners) until fuch time as he and they refpeftive-ly (hall have taken an oath to the effeft following (that is to lay})

/ A. B. do fwear, that I will faithfully, impartially, and honeftly, according to the hefi of my Jhill and knowledge, execute the feveral powers and trti/ls repofed in me as a commiffioner in a commiffion of bankrupt agaittft

and that without favour or affeBtony prejudice, or malice.

So help me God1

Which oath any two ot more of the faid commiffioners are hereby impowered and required to adminifter to each other in the fame commiffion named and authorized ; and they, the faid commiffioners, (hall and are hereby required to enter and keep a memorial or memorials thereof, figned by them refpeftively, among the depositions and other proceedings on each refpeftive commiffion, that (hall be iffued forth by virtue of this aft.

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no commiffion of bankrupt (hall abate by reafon of the death of his prefent Majefty (whom God long pre-feyve) his heirs or fuccdTors, but fuch commiffiona (hall continue

No commtf-fion abated by death of King, dec#

Digitized by

Google

cThe eleventh and tivelji Tears of George I IT, tinne in full force ; and if it (hall be neceffary to renew any

A. D. 1771-2. Chap. X.

filch com million by reafonof the death of the commiflioners named in fuch commillion, fo that a fuflicient number of com-miflioners lhall not be living, who cannot act therein, or for any other caufe; in every fuch cafe fuch commillion lhali bo renewed, and but half of the fees paid upon granting or obtaining of commilTions of bankrupt lhall be paid on any fuch renewed commiflions; and that all bills of fees and difburfe-ments, claimed or demanded by any folicitor, clerk, or attorney, employed under any commiflion of bankrupt, (hall be fettled, adjufted, and certified by one of the mailers of the court of chancery ; and fo much as the mailer lhall certify to be due to fuch clerk, folicitor, or attorney, and no more, lhall be paid by the aflignee or aflignees under fuch commiflion ; and the mailer, who lhall fettle and adjuft fuch bill, lhall have and receive for his care in fettling and adjuring the fame, as alfo for his certificate thereof, ^he fumof twenty /hillings, and no more.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- On bank-faid, That if any bankrupt lhall happen to die before the rupt’» death be-commiflioners, or the major part of them, (hall dillributc 4orc diftnbuti-the ellate and effe&s of fuch bankrupt, the faid ccmmilfi- *££££* oners lhall and may notwithllanding the death of fuch bankrupt proceed in the execution of the faid commiflion in fuch

fort, as they might have done, if the faid bankrupt had been living.

XVIII.	And be it further ena£ledby the authority afore- Notice in Ga-faid, That where any commiflion of bankrupt lhall iflue, zcuc declaring the commiflioners therein named, or the major part of them, J^“c^ptaan<* thereby authorized, lhall forthwith, after they have declar- ^inte?a?"

ed the perfon or perfons, againll whom fuch commiflion lhall herein, iflue, a bankrupt or bankrupts, caufe notice thereof to be given in the Dublin Gazette, and lhall appoint a time and place for the creditors to meet; which meeting for the city of Dublin, and all places within the limits of the county of the faid city, lhall be at the Tholfel of the faid city, or Royal Exchange, in order to choofc au aflignee or aflignees of the faid bankrupt's ellate and effects; at which meeting the laid commiflioners lhall admit the proof of any creditor's debt, that lhall live remote from the place of fuch meeting of the commiflioners, by affidavit (or being of the people called quakers, by folemn affirmation) and alio permit anr perlbn, duly authorized by letter of attorney from fuch creditors, oath or affirmation being made of the due execution thereof, either by an affidavit fworn or affirmation made before a matter in chancery', ordinary or extraordinary, or before the oommiffipr.ers, viva voce% (which oath or affirma* tion they are hereby rcfpe&ively authorized to adminifter) and in cafe of creditors refiding in foreign parts, fuch affidavits or folemn affirmations being made before a magittrate Vol. V.	Ec	where

None to rote for aflignees,

The eleventh and twelfth Years of George III. where the party (hall be reading, and being together with the'letters of attorney of fuch creditors attefted by a notary publick, the faid commiflioners (hall permit the perfons fo duly authorized to vote in the choice of an aflignee oraf-fignees of fuch bankrupt’s eftate and effe&s in the place and Head of fuch creditors ; and the commiflioners, or the major part of them authorized, (hall aflign every fuch bankrupt’s eftate and effe&s unto fuch perfon or perfons, as the major part in value of fuch creditors, according to the feveral debts then proved, (hall choofe as aforefaid; and the aflignee or aflignees fo chofen (hall keep one or more diftindfc book or books of account, wherein he or they (hall duly enter all fum and fums of money or other efte&s, which he or they fhall haVe got in, or received out of the faid bankrupt’s eftate; to which book or books of account every creditor, who (hall have proved his or her debt, (hall at all feafonable times, have free refort, and infpedfc the fame as often, as he or (he (hall think fit.

XIX. Provided, That no creditor, or any other perfon

whofe debt not 10I.

Commiffion-

for and on behalf of any creditor, (hall be permitted to vote in fuch choice of aflignee or aflignecs, whofe debt, or the debt of the perfon or perfons fo authorizing him to vote, (hall not amount to the fum of ten pounds or upwards.

_______________ XX.	Provided alfo, That it (hall and may be lawful for

ert may appoint the faid commiflioners authorized as aforefaid, or the major affignecs, part of them, as often as they (hall fee caufe, for the better preferving and fecuring the bankrupt’s eftate, immediately to appoint one or more aflignee or aflignees of the debts, eftate, and effe&s of fuch bankrupt, or any part thereof; which aljignee or aflignees, or any of them, (hall and may be removed or difplaced at the meeting of the creditors fo to be appointed as aforefaid for the choice of aflignees, if they, or the major part in value of them, whofe debts refpe&ively amount to ten pounds or upwards as aforefaid, then prefent, of fuch perfons duly authorized as aforefaid, (hall think fit; and fuch aflignee or aflignees, as fhall be fo removed and displaced, (hall deliver up and aflign all the debts, eftate, and cffe&s of fuch bankrupt, which (hall have come to his or their hands or pofleflion, or which (hall have been afiigned by the faid commiflioners as aforefaid, unto fuch other affignee or aflignees who (hall be fo chofen by the creditors as aforefaid; and all the debts, eftate, and effe&s of the bankrupt, which (hall be delivered up or afiigned, (hall be to all intents and purpofes as effe&ually and legally veiled in fuch new affignee or aflignees, as if the firft aflignment had been made to him or them by the faid commiflioners ; and if fuch firft aflignee or aflignees (hall refufe or negleft by the fpace of ten days next after notice given of the faid choice of

I	fuch

Digitized by L,ooQLe

Tie eleventh and tvSeljih Years of George III.	435

fach new affignee or affignees, and of his and their co^fent	A* D.

to accept of fuch affignment, fignified to the firft affignee or	1771-2.

affignees by writing under his or their hand or hands, to Chap. 8* make fuch delivery as aforefaid, every fuch affignee or af-flgnces fhall refpeclively forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, over and above the value of the effe&s of fuch bankrupt fo detained ; to be divided and diflributcd amongfl the creditors towards fatisfa&ion of their debts, in fuch manner as the eftate of the bankrupt is or ought to be divided and diflributed j and to be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majefly’s courts of record at Dublin by fuch perfon or perfons, as fuch major part of the commiffioners authorized as aforefaid (hall appoint to fuefor the fame, with fullcofts of fuit, wherein no priviledge, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed.

XXI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Property of laid. That every grant, affignment, or difpofition of the cleats, *c veil* debts, eflates, and effects of any bankrupt made by the faid yrant* «>£ commiffioners, or the greater part of them, fhall fo veil the ori property, right, and interefl of fuch debts, eilate, and ef- teilcd^cT.1 * lefts in the perfon or peifoii3 of him, her, or them* to

whom they fhall be granted, afligned, or ordered by the laid commiffioners, or the greater part of them, as fully to toll intents and purpofes as if the fame had been originally and legally veiled in fuch perfon or perfons, and as if the hills, bonds, flatutes, recognizances, judgments, deed or deeds, or contraft, whereupon the faid debt or debts fhall torife or grow due, had been made to, or with, or for the faid perfon or perfons to whom the fame fhall be fo granted, afligned, of difpofed by the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them | and that after fuch grant, affignment, of difpofition made of the faid debts, neither the bankrupt of tony othef, to whom any fuch debt fhall be due, fhall have power to recover the fame, or to make any releafe or dif-charge thereof; neither fhall the fame be attached as the debt of the bankrupt, or fuch faid other perfon or perfons to whom the fame fliall be due, by any other perfon or perfons according to cuflom or otherwife, hut that the party or parties, to whom the fame debt fhall be afligned, fhall have like remedy to recover the fame as fully and lawfully in the name or names of the affignee or affignees to whom the fame fhall be fo granted, afligned, or ordered by the faid commifll* onersin all refpc&sand purpofes, as the party himfelf might have had.

XXII.	Provided always, That no debtor of the bankrupt Bankrupt*! be hereby endangered for the payment of his, her, or their debts, &c. dtobt, truly and bona fide made to any fuch bankrupt, before

Eta	fuch

Digitized by L»ooQle

A. D.

1771-2.

Chap. $.

On petition of any creditors •rder in chancery lor new al-figucca.

If declared bankrupt, and fhall not in lor-ty two days af-ttr notice of commifiion, fur-render to com-xnitfionefs on oath, and conform.

Thk eleventh and twiljth Ttars of Geol-ge III. fodl tune as fuch debtor fhall underftand or know, thaf he is become a bankrupt.

' XXIII. And whereas it may be found neceflary, that af-fignments made by commiflioners or purfuant to the choice of creditors fhould be vacated) and new alignments made of the debts and effetfs unreceived, and not difpofed by the then aflignees to other perfons to be chofen by the creditors as aforefaid: be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commiflioners for the cultody of the great feal of Ireland, for the time being, upon petition of any creditors to make fuch orders therein, as he or they (hall think juft and reafonable ; and in cafe a new aflignment fhall be ordered to be made as aforefaid, that then iuch debts, effe&s, and eftate of fuch bankrupts lhall be thereby effe&ually and legally veiled in fuch new aflignee or aflignees, and it fhall and may be lawfully for him and them to fue for the fame in his or their name or names, and to difeharge any a&ion or fuit, and to give any acquittance for fuch debts, as effe&ually, to all intents and purpofes a* the aflignee or aflignees in the former aflignment might have done, in cafe no new aflignment had been made : and that the laid commiflioners fhall caufe publick notice to be given in the two Dublin Gazettes, that fhall immediately follow the removal of fuch aflignee or af-fignees, and the appointment of fuch other aflignee or af-flgnee3, as aforefaid, that fuch aflignee or aflignees is or are removed, and fuch other aflignee or aflignees appointed in his or their ilead; and that fuch perfons, as are indebted to the fa id bankrupt’s dlate, do not pay fuch debt or debts to fuch aflignees, as fhall be removed as aforefaid.

XXIV. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons, who fhall at any time during the continuance of this a& become bankrupt within the intent and meaning of this act, and againft whom a com-. million of bankrupt under the great feal of Ireland (ball be awarded and iflued out, whereupon the faid perfon or perfons, againit whom fucli commifiion fhall iflue, fhall be declared bankrupt or bankrupts, fliall not within forty-two days after notice thereof in writing, to be left at the ufual place of abode of fuch perfon or perfons, or perfonal notice, in cafe fuch perfon or perfons be then in prifon, and notice given in the Dublin Gazette, that fuch commifiion or com-miffions is, are, or have been ifi’ued, and of the time and place of a meeting of the commiflioners therein named, or the major part of them, furrender him, her, or them lei ves to the faid commiflioners named in the . faid commifiion, or the major part of them, and fign and fubferibe fuch furren-der, and fubmit to be examined from time to time upon oath, or, being of the people called quakers, upoa the folemn af-4	firm	alius

Digitized by Google

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George HI. firmation by law appointed for fitch people, by and before fuch commiilioners, or the major part of them, by fucb commifiion authorized, and in all tilings conform tp this fta-tute; and ako upon his, her, or their examination, fully and truly difdofc and difeover all his, her, or their effects and eftate real and perfonal; and how, and in what manner, to whom, and upon what confederation, and at what time and times he, (he, or they have or hath difpofed of, afiignedf or tTanrferred any of his, her, or their goods, wares, merchandizes, monies, or other eftate and effe&s, and all booksp papers, and writings relating thereto, of which he, (he, or they was or were poflefled, or in or to which he, fhe, or they was or were any ways interefted or intitled, or which any perfon or perfons had, or hath, or have had in truft for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their ufe at any time before or afteT the ifluiog of the (aid commifTion, or whereby fuch perfon or perfons, or his, her, or their family or families hath, qr have, or may have, or expert any profit, poffibility of profit, benefit, or advantage whatsoever, except only fuch part of his, her, or their eft ate or etfecls, or fhail have been really and bona fde before fold and difpofed of in the way of his, her, or their trade and dealings, except fuch fuins of money as (hall have been laid out in the ordinary expence of his, her, or their family or families ; and alfo upon fuch examination deliver up unto the faid com--aiijlioners, by the faid commifiion authorized, or the major part of them, all fuch part of his, her, or their the faid bankrupt’s wares, goods, merchandizes, monty, eftate, and eflV&s, and all books, papers, and'writings relating thereunto, as at the time of fuch examination (hall be in his, her, or their pofTeflion, cuftody, or power, (his, her, or theii necdTary wearing apparel, and the neceflary wearing apparel of the wife and children of fuch bankrupt, only excepted) then he, (he, or they, the faid bankrupt or bankrupts, in cafe of any def>dt and wilful omiftion in not furrendering and fubmitting to be examined as aforefaid, or in cafe he, fhe, or they (hall remove, conceal, or imbczzle any part of fuch his, her, or their eftate, real or perfonal, to the value of twenty pounds, qr any books of account, papers, or writings relating thereto, with an intent to defraud his, her, or their creditors, ai^d being thereof lawfully convicted by indidment, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be on conv;<Kna guilty pf felony, and (hall fuffer as felons without benefit of felony without clergy, or the benefit of any ftatute made in relation to fc- chi> »

Ions; and in fuch cafes fuch felons goods and eftate fhail go and be divided among the creditors leeking relief under fuck commiffion.

XXV.	Provide^

3 meeting* appointed for bankrupt* fur-render, &c.

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.

XXV. Provided always, That the faid commiflioners au« thorized as aforefaid fhall appoint within the faid forty-two days, fo appointed as aforefaid for the bankrupt to furrender and conform as aforefaid, not lefs than three feveral meetings for the purpofes aforefaid ; the laft of which {hall be on the forty fecond day, hereby limited for fuch bankrupt's appearance, and ten days notice at lead {hall be given in the Dublin Gazette of the time and place of fuch meetings.

Time for fur- XXVI. Provided alfo. That it {hall and may be lawful gender and dif- to and for the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or comraif-eovery enlarged fioners fpr the cuftody of the great feal of Ireland for the by loid chancel- tjme being, to enlarge the time for fuch perfon or perfons furrendering him, her, or themfelyes, and difclofing and dif-covering his, her, or their eflate and effe&s as aforefaid, as the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper, or fuch commiflioners fhall think fit, not exceeding fifty days, to be computed from the end of the faid forty two days ; fo as fuch order for enlarging the time be made by the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper, or fuch commiflioners, fix days at leall before the time, on which fuch perfon or perfons was or were to furrender him, her, or themfelyes, and make fuch difeovery (	as aforefaid.

Bankrupt, af- XXVII. And be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, ter afligneeR That every fuch bankrupt or bankrupts as aforefaid, after chpfen. (hall de- any aflignee or aflignees of his, her, or their eflate and ef-Jiver up all ac- fe&g	cbQfen	and	appointed,	{hall	be,	and is, and are

*eum pp > c* hereby required forthwith to deliver up on oath, or (being of the people called quakers) upon folemn affirmation before one of the matters of the high court of Chancery, or before any juft ice of the peace within his refpe6live jurif-didtion (which oath or affirmation they are hereby impower-ed to adminifter) all his, her, or their books of accounts, papers, and writings not feized by the meflenger of the faid commiflion, or not before delivered up to the commif-fioners, or the major part of them, and ti^n in his, her, or their cuftody or power, and difeover fuch as are in the cuftody or power of any other perfon or perfons, that any ways relate to or concern his, her, or their eftate or effe&s ; and all and every fuch bankrupt or bankrupts not in prifon or cuftody {hall at all times after fuch furrender as aforefaid be at liberty, and is and are hereby required, to attend fuch aflignee or aflignees upon every reafonable notice in writing, for that purpofe given by fuch aflignee or aflignees unto fuch >	bankrupt or bankrupts, or left for him, her, or them, at

bis, her, or their houfe or place of abode, in order to affift, and {hall aflift fucK aflignee or aflignees* in making out the Recounts of the faid bankrupt's eftate and effe&s,

XXVIII.	And

Digitized by kjOOQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority A. D. aforefaid, That all and every bankrupt and bankrupt*, hav- 1771-1. ing furrendered as aforefaid, (hall at all feafonable times be- Chap. 8. fore the expiration of the faid forty two days, or fuch fur-

thcr time as fhall be allowed to fuch bankrupts to finifh his, After furren-hcr, or their examination, beat liberty to infpeft his, her,or dcr may bdorc their books, papers, and writings, in the prefence of fuch in^eA " afUgnee or alugnees, or fome perfon to be appointed by fuch books, Ac. aflignee or afiignees for that purpofe, and to take and bring with him, her, or them, for his, her, or their afiiilance fuch perfons as he, fhe, or they fhall think fit, not exceeding two perfons at any one time, and to make out fuch extracts and copies from thence, as he, fhe, or they fhall think 4it, the better to enable him, her, or them to make a full and true difeovery and difclofure of his, her, or their eft ate and effefts ; and in order thereto the faid bankrupt or bankrupts fhall be free from all arreils, reftraint, or imprifonment of any of his, her, or their creditors in coming to fur-	'

render, and from the aCtual furrender of fuch bant nipt s to the faid commiffioners, for and during the faid forty-two days, or fuch further time as fhall be allowed to fuch bankrupt or bankrupts for finifhing his, her, or their examinations as aforefaid 5 provided fuch bankrupt was not in cuflody at the time of fuch furrender and fubmiflion tot>c examined: and in cafe fuch bankrupt fhall be arrefted for debt, or on any efcapc-warrant, coming to furrender him or herfelf to the faid commiffioners, or after his or her furrender fhall be fo arrefted within the time before mentioned, that then on producing fuch fummons or notices under the hands of the faid commiffioners, affignee or afiignees, to the officers who fhall arreft him, her, or them, and making it appear to fuch officer that fuch notice or fummons is fign-ed by the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, or by fuch alfignee or afiignees, and giving fuch officer a copy thereof, he or fhe fhall be immediately difeharged ; and in cafe any officer fhall detain fuch bankrupt in his cuflody, after he or fhe fhall have fhewn fuch notice or fummons to fuch officer, and made it appear it was figned as aforefaid, fuch officer fhall forfeit and pay to fuch bankrupt for his own ufe the fum of five pounds for every day, fuch officer fhall detain fuch bankrupt, to be recovered by a&ion of debt in any of his Majefty*s courts of record in Dublin in the name or names of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, with full cofts of fuit.

XXIX.	Provided always, That in cafe any bankrupt be

in prifon or in cuflody at the time of ifTuing the faid com- aiJj w^Ung to *** miffion as aforefaid, and is willing to furrender and fubmit to furrender the be examined according to the directions of this a£t, and can expcnce out of be brought before the {aid commijfioner# and creditors for his effects, Ac.

that

Digitized by Google

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. that purpofe, the expences thereof (hall be paid out of the faid bankrupt’s eftate and effe&s ; but in cafe fucli bankrupt is in execution, or cannot be brought before the commif. fioner6, that then the a&ing commiflioners {hall from time to time attend the faid bankrupt in prifon or cuftody, and take his or her difeovery as in other cafes 5 and the aflignees of the faid eftate {hall have power, and are hereby required, to appoint one or morepeifon or perfons to attend fuch bankrupt, being in prifon or cuftody as afprefaid, from time to time, and to produce to him or her his or her books, papers, and writings, in order to prepare his or her laft difeovery and examination according to the directions before mentioned, a copy whereof the aflignees of the faid eftate {hall apply for, and the faid bankrupt (hall deliver to them, or their order, ten days at leaft before fuch laft examination.

On commif XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, doners certifi-" Tbat upon certificate made under the hands and feals of the cate, a warrant commiflioners by fuch commiflion authorized, or the major may iffue to part of them, that fuch commiflion is iflued, and fuch per* take and 1m- fon or perfons proved before them to be bankrupt or bank-rupt,n til^re-11 * ruPt8> fhall and may be lawful to and for all or any of th? moved t>y com- juftices of his Majefty’s court of King’s Bench, p.r Com-miflioners war- mon Pleas, or barons of the court of Exchequer, and to lraot> &c* ajid for all and every the juftices of the peace within the kingdom of Ireland, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon application to them for that purpofe made, to grant his or their warrant or warrants under his or their hands and feals for the taking and apprehending of fuch perfon or perfons, and him, her, or them to commit to the .common gaol of the county, where he, file, or they fhall be So apprehended and taken, there to remain until he, fhe, or they be removed by order of the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them, by warrant under their hands and feals; And the gaoler or keeper, to whofe cuftody fuch perfop or perfons {hall be committed, is hereby required to take and receive fuch perfon or perfons into his cuftody, and forthwith to give notice to one or more of the faid coinmiflioners, itf the faid commiflion named, of fuch perfon or perfons being in his or their cuftody, to the intent the faid commiflioners may fend their warrant to fuch gaoler or keeper) which they are hereby impowered and required forthwith to fend) for the delivering of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts to the perfon or perfons named in fuch warrant, who Audi be therein authorized to convey and bring fuch perfon or perfons to the faid commiflioners in order to fuch examination and difeovery as aforefaid; and the faid commiflioners are hereby like-wife authorized and impoweredby fuch their warrant, or any other warrant, to take apd feize any the goods, wares,

merchandizes.

Digitized by L,ooQle

The flrvcffth anj tvxlftb Tears of George III,	44I

znerohandiy.es, and effe&s of fuch bankrupt or bankrupt* A. D. {th* ncceflary gearing apparel of fuch bankrupt, and of hi* 1771-2.. wife and children, only excepted) and any of his, her, or Chap. JL their books, papers, or writings, which (hall be then in the cuitody or pofleflion of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, or of <iEy other perfon or perfons in any prifon or prifons what-Soever.

XXXI.	Prodded always, and be it ena&ed by the at*- BanWupt i# thority aforefaid. That if any fuch perfon or perfons, fo ap- takenamdeou-prehended and taken, (balk within the time or times allow- forming, to re# !ed by this a& for that purpofe, fubmit to be examined, and ccive hcoc^ ^ io .all things conform* as if be, {he, or they had furrender- t*Ui

jed, as by this a£l fuch bankrupt or bankrupts is pr are required, that then fuch perfon, fo fubmitting and conforn>-ing, {hall have and receive the benefit of this ad to all intents and purpofes, a» if he, {he, or they, had voluntarily jcoine in and iurrendered himfelf or themfeives.

XXXII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, Commiflion# That it {hall and may be lawful to and for the faid com-cr,™*)rcxami,,€ mifiloners, or the major part of them, to fend for, and call hanJmi*ptVck before them, by fuch warrant, fumjnons, ways, pr means, *0.

as they {hall think fit, all and every fuch perfon and perfons, as they {hall know, or {hall be. informed and believe, can give any account or information of any a&ora£lsof bank* ruptcy committed by fucb perfon or perfons, agaiuft whopi pny commilfion of bankruptcy {hall he awarded and iffuejd out, or of the goods, chattels, wares, merchandizes, ef-tatc or cfft&s of fmy (uch perfon or perfons ; and upon their v appearance to examine them in fuch manner, as herein after mentioned, touching or concerning fuch bankrupts eftate and ^effects: and that if any fuch perfon or perfons on payment or tender of payment of fuch reafonable charges, as the faid cQmmififioper? .fhfill think fiqjicient, {hall ncgled or resale to cqqie and appear, not liaving a lawful excufe to be made kn°wn to and flowed by the faid commiflioners, or tlie major part of them, that then it {hall and may be lawful to and for the faid comm iffioners, or the major part of cthem, .by warrant under their hands and feals to apprehend #any fuch. perfon or perfons fo offending as aforefaid, and bun, her, ortbemto commit to fuch prifon, as to the faid .commiffioivers, or the ma>or part of them, fiiallbe though pieet, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until fucli .-time as fuch perfon or perfons {hall fubmit him, her, or tbemfelyes U> the faid commiflioners, or the major part c)f _|hem, to appear and beexamiued in fuch manner as herein after mentioned.

Digitized by L,ooQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. commifIioner8, or the major part of them, in their difere-tion (hall think fit, to be paid out of the effefts of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-Bankrupt and faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid corn-

hit wife exa- miffioners, or the major part of them, to examine as well by mined on oath.	, -	, J. *	..	..	J

at to hit deal- wor° mouth as on interrogatories m writing all and every

angt and effedt, perfon and perfons, againft whom any commiifion of banker.	rupt	is or (hall be awarded, and the wife of every fuch per-

fon, upon oath, or, being of the people called quakers, upon folemn affirmation (which oath or affirmation the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, are hereby im-powered to adminifter) touching all matters relating to the trade, dealings, eftate, and effefts of all and every fuch bankrupt and bankrupts; and alfo to examine in the manner aforefaid all and every other perfon duly fummoned before or prefent at any meeting of the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, touching all matters relating to the perfon, trade, dealings, eftate, and effefts of all and every fuch bankrupt and bankrupts, and any aft or afts of bankruptcy committed by him, her, or them ; and alfo to take down and reduce into writing the anfwers or verbal examinations of every fuch bankrupt or other perfon had or taken before them as aforefaid ; which examination fo taken down or reduced into writing, the party examined (hall and is hereby required to fign and fubferibe; and in cafe any fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, or other perfon or perfons, (hall re-fufe to anfwer, or (hall not fully anfwer to die fatisfaftion of the commiffioners, or the major part of them, all lawful queftions put to him, her, or them by the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, as well by word of mouth as by interrogatories in writing, or (hall refule to fign and fubferibe his, her, or their examination fo taken down or reduced into writing as aforefaid, not having a neafonable objeftion either to the wording thereof or otherwife, to be allowed by the faid commiffioners, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid commiffioners, or the major part of them, by warrant under their hands and feals to commit him, her, or them to fuch prifon as the commiffioners, or the major part x»f them, fhall think fit, there to remain without bail or mainprise, until fuch time as fuch perfon or perfons (hall fubxnit him, her, or themfelves to the faid commiffioners, and full an-. fwer make to the fatisfaftion of the commiffioners to all fuch queftions* as (hall be put to him, her, or them as aforefaid, and fign and fubferibe fuch examination as aforefaid according to the true intent and meaning of this aft.

Qs^0®8 n.ot XXXV. Provided always, That in cafe any perfqn or ‘fiSntke war" Per^ons ^ committed by the faid commiffioners for re-W».	•	'	fufin«

Digitized by LjOOQle

On appiica-

7 be eleventh and twelfth Tear of George III. to anfwer or not fully* anfwering any queftion or queftions, put to him, her, or them by the (aid commiffi-onere by word of mouth or on interrogatories, that the faid eommiflioners (hall in their warrant of commitment fpecify fuch queftion or queftions.

XXXVI.	Provided alfo, That in cafe any perfon or persons, committed by the commiflioners warrant by virtue tion to a‘judge, of this aft, (hall make application to any court or judge, f°*difchaige? Having proper jurifdiftion, in order to be difeharged from ^ ^lUoSor-any luch commitment, and on fuch application there (hall mity, ficc. appear any fuch infufEcicncy whatfoever in the form of the warrant, whereby fuch perfon was committed, by reafon whereof the party might be difeharged of fuch commitment, that then it (hall and may be lawful for the court or judge, before whom fuch party (hall apply as aforefaid, and fuck court or judge (hall, and is hereby required, by rule, order, or warrant to commit fuch perlon or perfons to the fame prifon, there to remain as aforefaid until he, (he, or they (hall conform as aforefaid, unlefs it (hall be made appear to fuch court or judge by the party committed, that he, (he, or they have fully aniwered all lawful queftions put to him, her, or them by the laid commiflioners | or in cafe fuch perfon was committed for not figning his, her, or their examination, unlefs it (hall appear to fuch court or judge, that the party fo committed had a good and fufficient reafon for refufmg to fign the fame. Ana in cafe any gaoler or keeper of any prifon, to whom any fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, perfon or ferTagcfca^c, perfons, (hall be fo committed as aforefaid, (hall wilfully &c. jocl. to ere* fuflfer any fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, perfon or perfons, d,tor* ufe-to efcape from fuch prifon, or to go without the walls or doors of the faid prifon, until he, (he, or they (hall be duly difeharged as aforefaid, fuch gaoler or keeper (hall for fuch his offence, being duly convifted thereof, forfeit three hundred pounds lawful money for the ufe of the creditors of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafteed by the authority Thegoaler aforefaid, That the gaoler or keeper of fuch prifon as afore* producing the faid (hall upon requeft made in the day time of any perfon or perfons, being a creditor or creditors of fuch bankrupt ncglediug the (and having proved his, her, or their debt under the laid fame, penalty commiflion) and producing a certificate thereof under the 'pol for ere* hands of the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them, ditori*

(which faid commiflioners are hereby required to give gratis) forthwith produce or (hew fuch perfon or perfons fo committed as aforefaid to any fuch creditor or creditors re-quefting the fame; and in cafe fuch gaoler or keeper of fuch prifon (hall refufe to (hew, or (hall not forthwith produce, fuch perfoq or perfons fo committed as aforefaid, and

being

Gaoler fuf-

Digitized by L300Q le

$1. per cent, mllowcd on voluntary difen. very of bankrupt** eftate,

StCp

Cprt ceding pr ppteding bankrupt efface, penalty look' and double value of concegl-fbent.

On mutual debts a fet off •n account Hated, &c.

Tbf tkvatib (pit# twelfth Tears of George HI. being in his a&uaj culjtody at the jtime of fuch refjueH, tp fuch creditor or creditors of ^uch bankrupts requeuing tp fee fuch perfon or perfpns committed as aforefaid, fuch gaoler and keeper of fuch .prifon fhall forfeit for fuch hif wilful refufal or neglect the fum of one hundred pounds of lawful money for the ufe of the creditors of fuch bankrupt oi bankrupts; to be recovered by a&ion of debt in any one of his Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin, in the name or names of the creditor or creditors requeuing fuch fight of fuch prifoner.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon and perfons, who lhafi at any time after the time, allowed to fuch bankrupt to fur-render and conform as aforefaid, voluntarily make difeovery of any part of fuch bankrupt’s eftate, not before come to the knowledge of the affignees? either to the faid affignees, or t,o the faid commiflioners authorized as aforefaid, or the major part of them, fhall be allowed five ppunds per centum, and fuch further and other reward as the afiigne.es and the major part of the creditors in value, prefent at any meeting, of the creditors, (hall think fit, to be paid out of the nea^ produce of fuch bankrupt’s eftate, which fhall be recovered on fuch difeovery, which fhall he paid to .the perfon or per-fons fo difeovering the fame by .the aflignee or alTignees of fuch banjcrupt’s.eftate, and the aflignee or affignecs fhall be allowed the fame in their accounts.

XXXIX.	And be it further ena&ed bv the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon and perfpns, who fhall have accepted of any truft or trulls, and fhall wilfully conceal or protect any eft,ate real or perfonal of any perfon or perfons becoming bankrupts as aforefaid from his, her, or fheir creditor^, and /Kail not within forty two days, next after fuch commrffion fhall iflue forth, and notice thereof be given in the Dublin Gazette, difeover and difclofe fuch truft and eftate in writing to one or more of the commiflioners or af-fignees of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts eftate, and likewife fubmit him or herfelf to be examined by the commiflioners in and by the faid commiflion authorized, or the major part of them, if thereunto required, and trrfty difeover the fame, fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds of lawful money, and double the value of the eftate, either r^al or perfonal, fo concealed, to and for the ufe and benefit of faid creditors, to be recovered by aclioii of debt in any of bis Majefty’s courts of record at Dublin in the name of the aflignee or aflignees of the faid comrpifiioner3; In which cafe full cofts fhall be allowed to either party.

XL. And be it further enabled by the authority afore* That where it fhall appear to the faid commiffi oners.

Digitized by kaOOQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.

•r the m?jor part of them, that there hath been mutual credit given by the bankrupt and any other perfon, or mutual debts between the bankrupt and any other perfon, at any time before fuch perfon became bankrupt, the find com* roifTioners or the major part of them, of the affignees of fuch bankrupt’s eftate, {hall Hate the account between them, and one debt may be fet again ft another, and what {hall appear to be due on either fide on the balance of fuch account, and on fettling fuch d.bts one agalnft another, and no more, fhall be claimed or paid on cither fide re-IpcCtively.

XLI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-

Falfe oith I

faid. That if any ptifon at any time fhall before the a&ing commilfioners in any cormniffion of bankrupt, or by affidavit nilhcdipcr-or affirmation exhibited to them, fwear, or depofe, or, being jury, of the people called quakers, affirm, that any fum of money is due to him or her from any bankrupt or bankrupts, which fum of money is not really due or owing, or lhall fwear or affirm, that more is due than is really due or owing, knowing the fame to be not due or owing, and that mch oath or affirmation is falfe and untrue, ana fhall be thereof convicted by indi&ment or information, fuch perfon fhall fuffer the pains and penalties infli&ed by the fcveral ftatutes made and now in force againft wilful pcijury, and fhall moreover be liable to pay double the fum fo fworn or affirmed to be due and owing as aforefaid, to be recovered and levied as other penalties and forfeitures are upon penal ftatutes after conviction to be levied and recovered, and fuch double fum fhall be rateably divided among all the creditors feeking relief under the laid commiflion.

XJLII. And be it further enaCted by the authority afore- CommifEon* faid. That in execution of .the faid commiflion it fhall be sr«, &c. may lawful to and for the faidcommiflioners, or the major part of bre*k open them, or any other perfon or perfons, officer or officers,by them or the greater part of them, to be deputed and appointed, &c whcrc by their warrant or warrants under their hands and feals to bankrupts goods break open the lioufe or houfes, chambers, fhops, ware • are reputed to houfes, doors, trunks, or chefts of the faid bankrupt, where "^IZC» orim* the faid bankrupt, or any of his or her goods or eftate, fhall ¥ be or reputed to be, and to feize upon and make fuch order concerning the body, goods, chatties, ready money,

* and other eftate of fuch bankrupt, whether it be by imprifonment of his or her body, or otherwife, as to the laid commiflioners or the major part of them fhall be thought meet.

XLIII. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Bankrupt faid. That all and every perfon and perfons becoming bank- conforming rupt as aforcCaid, who fhall within the time limitted by this 0^/neat

a£t

Digitized by t^ooQle

44*

A. D. 1771-2. Chap. 8.

produce reco-Yercd fo at not above aooi.

Pcrfon* conforming:, allow ed the fumt herein mentioned, Ac.

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George 111.

Aft furrender him, her, or themfelves to the aft mg eoni* miffioners, named and authorized in or by any commiffion to be awarded againft him, her, or them, and in all things conform as in and by this aft is direfted, (hall be allowed the fum of five pounds per centum out of the neat produce of all the eftate, that mail be recovered in and received; which (hall be paid to him, her, or them by the aflignee ot aflignecs of the faid commiffioners, in cafe the neat produce of the faid eftate for fuch allowance made, (hall be fufficient to pay the creditors of the faid bankrupt, who (hall have proved their debts Under the faid commiffion, the fum of teu (hillings in the pound ; and fo as the faid five pounds per centumy (hall not amount in the whole to above the fum of two hundred pounds; and in cafe the neat produce of the faid eftate (hall over and above the allowance hereafter men-* tioned, be fufficient to pay the faid creditors the fum of twelve (hillings and fixpence in the pound for their refpeftive debts 5 that then all and every perfoO or perfons fo conforming (hall be allowed the fum of feven pounds ten (hillings per cent. out of fuch neat produce, to be paid by the aflignee or affignees, fo as fuch feven pounds ten (hillings per cent, (hall not amount in the whole to above the fum of two hundred and fifty pounds; and in cafe the neat produce of the faid eftate (hall, over and above the allowances hereafter made, be fufficient to pay the faid Creditors the fum of fifteen (hillings in the pound for their refpeftive debts, that then all and every fuch perfort and perfons fo conforming (hall be allowed the fum of ten pounds per centum out of fuch neat produce, to be paid by the aflignee or affignees, fo as fuch ten pounds per centum (hall not amount in the whole to above the fum of three hundred pounds j and every fuch bankrupt (hall be difeharged from all debts by him, her, or them due or owing at the time he, (he, or they became bankrupt; and in cafe any fuch bankrupt fh^ll afterwards be arrefted, profecuted, or impleaded for any debt due before fuch time as he, (he, or they became bankrupt, fuch bankrupt (hall be difeharged upon common bail, and (hall and may plead in general, that the caufe of fuch aft ion or fuit did accrue, before fuch time as he, (he, or they became bankrupt, and may give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence ; and the certificate of fuch bankrupt's conforming, and the allowance thereof, according to the directions of this aft, (hall be, and (hall be allowed to be, fufficient evidence of the trading, bankruptcy, commiffion, and other* proceedings precedent to the obtaining fuch certificate, and a verdift (hall thereupon pafs for the defendant, unlefs the plaintiff in fuch aftion (hall prove, the faid certificate was obtained unfairly and by fraud, tit unlefs the plaintiff in

fuch

Digitized by Google

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. foch aftion cart make appear any concealment by fuch bankrupt to the value of ten pounds ; and if a verdift pafs for the defendant, or the plaintiff fhall become nonfuited, or judgment be given again!! the plaintiff, the defendant (hall recover his full cods.

XL.1V. Provided always, That if the neat produce of If ne*t pro. fuch bankrupt's eftate fo to be difeovered, recovered, and duce not io«. received, together with what (hall be otherwife recovered ^{nmtnct ^ and received, (hall not amount to fo much, as will pay all exceed 3 per and every the creditors of fuch bankrupt, who fhall have cent, proved their debts under the (aid commiffion, the fum of ten /hillings in the pound for their refpeftive debts after all charges firft had and dedufted, that then and in fuch cafe fuch bankrupt (hall not be allowed the fum of five pounds per centum out of fuch eflate, as (hall be fo recovered and got in, but (hall be allowed and paid by the afiignees fo much money, as the afiignees and commifiioners, authorized as aforefaid, (hall think fit to allow to fuch bankrupt, not exceeding three pounds per cent.

XLV. Provided always, That in cafe any commiffion of Perfontdif-bankruptcy (hall iflue again!! any perfon or perfons, who (hall have been before difeharged by virtue of this aft, or have compound-(hall have compounded with his, her, or their creditors, or ed, freed from delivered to them his, her, or their eftate or effefts, and been releafed by them or been difeharged by any aft for the Pr“onmcnt > relief of infolvent debtors; that then and in fuch cafes the body and bodies only of fuch perfon and perfons conforming as aforefaid fhall be free from arreft aud imprifonment by virtue of this aft : but the future eftate and effefts of every fuch perfon and perfons (hall remain liable to his, her, or their creditors, as before the making of this aft (the tools goodi, fumi-of trade, the neceflary houfehold goods and furniture, and *Ur*VeT fcc wil necefiary wearing apparel of fuch bankrupt and his wife and 2tc«pted. ° ° * children, only excepted) unlefs the eftate of fuch perfon or perfons, again!! whom fuch commiffion (hall be awarded,

(hall produce clear after all charges fufficient to pay every creditor under the faid commiffion fifteen (hillings in the pound for their refpeftive debts.

XLVI. Provided alfo, That no difeovery upon oath or No allowance folemn affirmation, to be made by any bankrupt or bank- to bankrupt, un-rupts of his, her, or theit eftate and effefts purfuant to this IcC> on co®mif“ aft, (hall intitle fuch bankrupt or bankrupts to the benefit of fdldifeovery, allowed by this aft, unlefs the commifiioners authorized by and fignedand fuch commiffion, or the major part of them, (hall in writing confented to by under their hands and feals certify to the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or commifiioners for the cuftody of the great cacj^ &c> feal of Ireland for the time being, that fuch bankrupt or bankrupts hath or have made a full difeovery of his, her, or

their

Digitized by

n.

*771-4-

Chaf). 8.

Certificate confirmed by-lord chancellor, or two judges, to whom referred.

Letter of attorney of creditor a-broad, evidence ot' the power to fign.

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George Ilf. tfieir eftate and effefts, and in all things conformed himfelf or themfelves according to the direftions of this a<ft, and that there doth not appear to them any reafon to doubt of the truth of fuch difeovery, or that the fame is not a full difeovery of all fuch bankrupt’s eftatea and effefts; and unlefs four parts in five in number and value of the creditors of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, who fhaH be creditors for not lefs than twenty pounds refpeftively, and who fiiall have duly proved their debts under fuch commiffion, or fome other perfon by them refpeftively (July authorized thereto, /hall fign fuch certificate, and teftify their confent tp fuch allowance and certificate, and to the faid bankrupt’s difeharge in purfuance of this aft, to be alfo certified by fuch commif-fioners ; but the faid commiflioners /hall not certify the fame, ’till they have proof by affidavit or affirmation in writing of fuch creditors or of the perfon by them refpeftively authorized for that purpofe figning the faid certificate, and of the power and authority by which any perfon /hall be authorized by any creditor to fign fuch certificate for any creditor, which affidavit or affirmation, together with fuch warrant of authority to fign, /hall be laid before the lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or commiflioners of the great feal, with the faid certificate, in order for the allowing and confirming the fame, and unlefs fuch bankrupt make oath, or being of the people called quakers, folemnly affirm, in writing, that fuch certificate and confent of the creditors thereunto were obtained fairly and without fraud ; and unlefs fuch certificate /hall after fuch oath or affirmation of the bankrupt be allowed and confirmed by the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commiflioners for the cuftody of the great feal of Ireland for the time being, or by fuch two of the juftices of the courts of the King’s bench or common pleas, or barons of the court of exchequer at Dublin, to whom the confideration of fuch certificate /hall be referred by the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commiflioners of the great feal for the time being; and any of the creditors of fuch bankrupt fhali be allowed to be heard, if they /hall think fit, before the re-fpeftive perfons aforefaid again ft the making of fuch certificate, and againft the confirmation thereof; nor /hall any commifiioner fign fuch certificate, ’till after foiir parts in five in number and value of the faid creditors /hall have figned the fame as aforefaid.^

XLVII. Provided alfo, That where the creditor or credit tors of any bankrupt refide in foreign parts, the letters of attorney of fach creditor, attefted by the notary publick in thd ufual form, /hall be a fufficient evidence c* the power and authority, by which any perfon thereby authorized fhali any bankrupt’s certificate,

XLVIIL And

Sccudtiei be-

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.

XLVIII. And be it further enalled by the authority aforefaid, That every bond, bill, note, contrail, agreement, or other fecurity whatfoever, to be made or given by any bankrupt or by any other perfon, unto, or to the ufe of, or in trull for any creditor or creditors, or for the fecurity of the payment of any debt or fum of money due from fuch bank- *"eten rupt at the time of his becoming bankrupt, or any part there- <h!»rgc to induee of, between the time of hit becoming bankrupt, and fuch creditor to ft go bankrupt's difeharge, as a confideration or to the intent to alWinceor perfuade him, her, or them, toconfent to or fign any fuch ccrt ^ atc vo,d* allowance or certificate, lhall be wholly void and of none effeU ; and the monies thereby fecured or agreed to be paid lhall not be recovered or recoverable ; and the party fued on fuch bond, bill, note, contrail, or agreement (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this act and the fpecial matter in evidence.

XLIX. And be it further enniled by the authority Bankrupt if-aforefaid. That if any bankrupt, who (hall have obtained ter certificate his or her certificates from the ailing commiflioners, and fuch 2fchari^*d certificate (hall be allowed and confirmed, as by this all is v..j huut fee. directed, lhall be taken in execution or detained in prifon on account of any debt, due or owing before he or (he became bankrupt, fcy reafon that judgment was obtained, before fuch certificate was allowed and confirmed, it fnail and may be lawful to and for any one or mo*r of the judges of the court, wherein judgment lhall have been fo obtained Rgainil fuch bankrupt, on fuch bankrupt’s producing his or her certificate allowed and confirmed, to order any Iheriff, or	*

Iheriffs bailiff, or officer, gaoler, or keeper of any prifon, who lhall have any fuch bankrupt in his cuftody by virtue	J

of any fuch execution, to difeharge fuch bankrupt out of cuftody on fuch execution without payment of any fee or reward ; and fuch Iheriff, or Iheriffs bailiff, or officer, gaoler, or keeper, is and are hereby required to difeharge fuch bankrupt out of cuftody accordingly, and is and are hereby indemnified from any allion for any efcapc for his, her, or their fo doing.

L. Provided always, That where any perfon or perfons Fictions etc-Ihall fraudulently fwcar or depofe, or being of the people ditor figmug, called quakers affirip> before the commiflioners, or major dilclVfirf* part of them, named in any commiflion of bankruptcy, or rhe frauds, not by affidavit or affirmation exhibited to bun, her, or them, intirled todif-thatafumof money is due to him, her, or them from any charge orailow-bankrupt or bankrupts, which lhall in fall not be really fo due and owing, and lhall in refpell of fuch fiHitious and pretended debt fign his, her, or their confent to the certificate for fuch bankrupt’s difeharge from his, her, or their debts, that in every fuch cafe, unlefs the bankrupt (hall, before the time that fuch major part of the fa id commiflioners Vol. V.	F	f	(ball

Digitized by kjOOQle

No benefit to bankrupt giving above loci on jnarriage of a child. See. unlcfs

fufficient at the time to pay all hit ctbts,

or lofmg 51, in one day, or 300I. in a year at any play, paftime, wagers, petting, &c.

For (needy dividend, majority of creditors (hall dired how money received (hall be paid,

The eleventh and twelfth Years of George IH.

(hall have figned fuch certificate, by writing by him to be figned ar4,9e}ivered to one or more of the commiffioners,dr to one or more of fithe faid affignees of his eft ate and eflfe&g .under fuch com million, difcloie the faid frauds, and objeft to the reality of fuch debt, fuch certificate (hall be null and void to all intends and purpofes, and fuch bankrupt (hall tint in that cafe be infilled to be difeharged from his debts, drli> have and receive any of the benefits or allowances given or Id-lowed to bankrupts by this aft.

LI. Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft (hall he con-ftrued to extend, or give or grant any privilege, benefit, or advantage to any bankrupt wliatfoever, againft Whomk commimon of bankrupt under the great feal of Ireland (ball iffue, who upon the marriage of any of his or her children hath or (hall have given, advanced, or paid above the value of one hundred pounds, unlefs he or (he fhall prove by hi* or her books fairly kept, or otherwise upon bis or her oath, or being of the people called quakers upon folemn affirmation, before the major part of the commiflioners in fuch commiffion named and authorized, that he or (he had at the time thereof, over and above the value fo given, advanced, or paid, remaining in goods, wares, debts, ready money, or other eft ate real or perfonal, fufficient to pay and {ati&fy unto each and every perfon, to whom he or (be was any wife indebted, their full and intire debts, or who (hall lofc in any one day the Aim or value of five pounds, or in the whole the fum or value of three hundred pounds, within the fpace of twelve months next preceding his or their becoming bankrupts in playing at or with cards, dice, tables, tennis, bowls* billiards, (hovel-board, or -in or by cock-fighting, horfe-races, dog-matches, or foot-races, or other paftimea, game or games, whatfoever ; or in or by bearing a (hare or part in the (takes, wagers, or adventures, or in or bybetting on the fides Or hands of fuch as do or (hall play, aft, ride, or run as aforefaid,

LIT. And to the end that affignees may'make fpeedy dividends of the eftate and effefts of fuch bankrupts, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That before the creditors (hall proceed to the choice of an affignee or affignees of any bankrupt’s eftate, the major part in value of the faid bankrupt’s creditors then prefent (haft direft in what manner, how;, and with whom, and where, the monies, arifing by and to be received from time to time out of the b&ik* rupt’s eftate, (hall be paid in and remain, until the fame (hall be divided amongft all the creditors as by this aft is dircSed; to which rule and direftion every fuch affignee and affignees afterwards to be chofen (hall conform, as often as one hun« died pounds (hall be got in and received from fuch bankrupt’s

Digitized by kjOOQle

. Tie eievff^ .**4,43*0 %ffrf *f.Qeoqp . 45^ cupt*s. <ftatf, and (h*U ,b'« ,ai*l aro hfrety iodqnntfed, fqr A- P-they (hall dq iu ppjrfqauce of (uch direction of the faid	1771*2*

gnpjfeprs an afoi efttd,	Chap,	8.

I JUlII. And be it further.ena&ed by the authority afore*

W* That every perfon or perfons, who (hall be chofen af- Affignees to ^9<eor afligoce* of the ellate and cffe&s of fuch bank* a 1 tBRt* W at fume time after the expiration of four months, and within twelve months, from the time of ifluing fuch pofa herein ppg)ini^fi.oiit .caufc at lead twenty one days publick notice < to&c jpven in the Dublin Gazette, of the ti..ie and place the Cgonoufiioner* and alliances, intend to meet to make a divi-depd or diftribution of fuch bankrupt’! ellate and effe&s ;

.which time the creditors, who have not before proved their debts, (hall be at liberty to prove the fame ; which meeting for the city of Dublin, and all places within the county of the faid city and the liberties ihcteof, (hall be at tjac Tholfcl of- the laid city or the royal exchange ; and upon every fuch meeting the aifignee or adignees (foul produce to the faid comraiffiontrs and creditors then prefent fair and ju* accounts of all his and their receipts and payment! touching the faid bankrupt’s ellate and effefls, and oi what o*n remain out (landing, and the particulars thereof; and (hall, if tlie creditors then prefent or the major part of them require the fame, be examined upon oath, or being o( the people called quakers, upon folemn affirmation, before the faid com mi Hi oners, or the major part of them* touching the truth of fuch accounts; and in fuch accounts the faid nlligoee or affignees lhall be allowed to retain all fuch fum ana fume of money, as they' (hall have paid and expended ia fuing out and profecutiug of fuch commiffion, and all q$ier juft allowances on account of and by reafon or means of his, her, or their being affignee or affignees; and the faid qommiffioners, or the major part of them, (hall order fuch , part of the neat pnnliice of the laid bankrupt's eftate, as by filch accounts or otberwife (hall appear to be in the hands of the (aid affignees, as they or the major part of them (hall - thipk fit, to be forthwith divided, amongft fuch of the bank-jrqpt’s creditors, who (hall have duly proved their debts un-ydjcr fuch commiffion, in proportion to their feveral and. re-Qpe&ive debts ; and the commiffioners, or the major part of 1, (haU make fuch their order for a. dividend in writing r their hands, and (hall caufc one part of fuch order to filed amongft the proceedings under the faid commiffion, i (haU deliver unto each affignee, qnderfuch commiffion, a duplicate of fuch their order, likewife under the hands of tpe laid commiffioners; which order of diftribution (hall con-tjrin an account of the time and {dace of making fuch order, and the fum total or quantum of all the debts proved under F f a	the

Digitized by LjOOQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.

the fauf commiflion ; and the fum totd of the money remain-*ing fn the hands of the aflignee or affignees to be divided, and hoy? much in particular in the pound is then ordered to v	"be paid to every creditor under the faid commiflion ; and the

n laid aflignee or aflignee*, in purfuance of fuch order add •	without any deed	or deeds of diftribution to be made fbr

*"*	that purpofe, (hall	forthwith make fuch dividend and

* ^	bution accordingly	; and (hall alfo take receipts, in abookfb

’be kept for that purpofe* from each creditor for the pat or, (Hare of fuch dividend or diftribution, which he or they Hi all make and pay to each creditor refpeftively ; and foch border'and receipt (hall be a full and effectual difeharge ‘fuch aflignee for fo much as he (hall fairly pay purfuantto fuch order as aforefaid.

Affignees,	LIV.	And	whereas	many difficulties and differences may

proving debts ' arife undet commiflions of bankrupts, which might be deter-tfre mayTu‘"0" m'ne^ ky arbitration : be it further ena&ed by the authority nut any tliipute aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the afro arbitration, fignee or affignees of bankrupt's eftate and efFe<5bs by and ‘ with the content of the major part in value of the bank-: rupt’s creditors, who fhall have duly proved their debts un-~der fuch commiflion, and who (hall be prefent at any meeting of the faid creditors purfuant to fuch notice to be for that purpofe given in the Dublin Gazette, to fubmit any difference or difput* behvern fuch aflignee or affignees and

•	any perfon or perfons whatfoever for on account, or by rea-fon or means of any matter, caufe, or thing relating to fucli bankrupt or bankrupts, his, her, or their eftatsi or effects, to the final end and determination of arbitrators, to be chofen by the faid aflignee or affignees, and the major part in value of fuch creditors then prefent, and the party or parties, with whom they (hall have fuch difference, and to perform' the dward of fuch arbitrators, or otherwife to compound and agree the matters in difference and difpute between* them, in fuefr marinef* as the faid aflignee or af-fignees wdth fuch confeiit as aforefaid (hall think fit andean agree ; and the fame (hall be binding to all the creditors of the* faid bankrupt or bankrupts ; and the affignees are here-

% by; indemnified,* for what they fliall fairly do according to the Mav make * dire&ion aforefaid. . cQmpofiticMi, &e.' DV.‘ And be it further ena?U‘d by the authority aforefaid, ~ That^ any aflignee or aflignees, made or chofen as afore-^faidj;‘jliall be, and is and are, hereby impowered by and \viJK‘‘tlie ,confent of the major part of fuch bankrupt's

*	creditors'ih value, w ho fliall be prefent at a meeting to be had'fgr that * purpofe,* of "which publick notice (hall be

„ given‘in 'the Dublin Gazette, to make compofition writh

rviL ir3v^- * ^	-	any

Digitized by Gooole ‘

lire eleventh and twelfth Years #/ George IIfrA	gJ5

any perfon or perfons, debtors or accomptants to fuck	Ar D.

bankrupts, where the fame /hall appear necefiary and tea-	1771-2,

fonable, and to take fuch reafonabk part as can upon fuch Chap. 8, compofition be gotten in full difchargc of fuch debt and ac-counts.

LVI. Provided always. That, aftnr fuch bankrupt or Bankrupt at, , bankrupts (hall have obtained his, her, or their certificate, ter certificate . and the fame (hall be duly confirmed, as herein is mention- J.°	res-	’

cd, every fuch bankrupt or bankrupts (hall, and is, and are	notice*	1

hereby obliged to give his, her, or their attendance upon allowance 2a 6<L, every reafonabk notice in writing to be given to him, her, or l*T dj|y* *c-	;

them, or to be left at his, her, or their ufual place of abode, «PL -by the aflignee or aflignees, or by their order, thereby re- Stapc. quiring him, her, or them, to attend the aflignee or af-fignecsof fuch bankrupt's eftate, in order to make up, ad-juft, or fettle, any account or %ccoupts between fiich bankrupt or bankrupts and any debtor to or creditor of fuch bankrupt’s eftate, or to attend any court or courts of record, in order to be examined touching the fame, or for fuch other bufinefs, which fuch aflignee or aflignees (hall judge necefiary for getting in the (aid bankrupt's eftate an effe&s for the benefit of his, her, or their creditors, f which (aid attendance the bankrupt (hall be allowed an paid the fum of two (hillings and fix pence per diem, by fuch aflignee or aflignees out of the bankrupt's eftate ; and in cafe fuch bankrupt or bankrupts (hall negleft or refufe to attend, or on fuch attendance (hall refufe to aflift in fuch difeovery, without good and fufficient caufe to be (hewn to the com-miffioners, or the major part of them, for fuch his, her, or their negle& or refufal, to be by them allowed as fufficient, fuch aflignee or aflignees making due proof thereof upon oath (or being of the people called quakers upon fulemn affirmation) before the (aid commiflioners authorized as afore-faid, or the major part of them, the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them, arc hereby impowered and required to iffue a warrant or warrants, directed to fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall think proper, for apprehending fuch baokrupt or bankrupts, and him, her, or them to commit to the county gaol, there to remain in dofe cuftody without bail or main-prize, until he, (he, or they fhall duly confoim to the (atisfa&ion of the faid commiflioners authorized a* aforefaid, and be by the faid commiflioners, or the ipecial order of the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or coiwniflioi.cis for the cuftody of the great feal of Ireland for the time being, or otherwifie by due courfe of law difeharged*; and fuch gaoler or keeper of fuch prifon, to which fuch bankrupt or bankrupts (hall be committed, is hereby required tv> keep fuch perfon or perfons iu clofc cuftody within the

walls

Digitized by

A fecond di-wdend in iS month* after commdlion, notice in Gazette, and for cied tore to prove, Scc.

•a herein.

Z& e&mti Aa mfpir r#rr % g*6t& ill

Vr*l& of tltc faid prifob’, uritfl he, /he, or they* Be dbly dfrdiirgtd as aforeiaiflv utidef tin* pains and' penalties Before • mentioned kt foch dioler or keeper fu (fieri rrg ftkft prifemers committed pur&int to this aft to efcape and gtf at large..

LVII. And be it fimhfr ehaifb^d by tire authority afore-(aid, That within’eightieff mdnths after the ifltiinr^ of any fuchcommiffioft at aforefeid, the affegnee or tosike a feCond drvidebd 6f thfe Bankrupts eftate and efleQjs, in eSafe the fame wif! not wholly divided upon the firft <fivr-dend, andfhaft caufe t notice to be iriferted in the DaWrf Gazette Of the time $M ptefcfe the find commiffionera intend to meet to make a fefeond dividend and diftribution of fiich bankrupt's eilate or efrefity dad for the creditors, who (hall dot before have proved' their debts) to come and prove the fame 5 and at fuch meeting Vvefy fuch affignee or affignee! fliaH prbduce upon oath or affirmation as afbrefaid his or their account or accohhbl of tfic bankrupt’s eftate and ef-fefts ; and what upon tH<? balance ftidll appear to be in His dr their binds, ihail by the like order of the commiffioners, or the mafor part of them) be forthwith divided among fuch of thO bankrupt's ftoditors, who (Hall have made due proof of their debts, in proportion to their feveral and refpe&ive debts 5 which fecond dividend (Hall be final, uhfefs anyfuit dt law or in equity fhaH Be depending, or any part of .he eftate ftanding out that cannot have been difpofed of, or that the major part of the creditors (hall not have agreed to be fold and difpofed of in manner aforefaid, or unlefs fome other or future Mate or effc<9fo oF the faid bankrupt fhaH afterwards Cothe t6 orteft in the faid affignee or affignees ; in Which cafe the faid iflj^nce or affignees fhaH, as foon as may be, convert fuch future or other eftate and effefts into money in manner afortfaid, ancHhaH, within two months Biext after any the fame fhall Be Converted into money as fforefaid, by the like order of the commiifioners, or the lhajor part of them, divide the fame rateably among facli bankrupt*! Creditor!, who fhafi have made due proof of their debts under fuch Commiffion.

----LV1II. Provided always. That no fuit in equity (hall

foit commenced commenced by any aflignee or affignees withont the wi out con <.n cftn jgui of the major part in value of the creditors of fuch bankrupt, who fhaH be prefcnt at a meeting of the creditors purfuant to notice to be given fn the Dublin Gazette for that purpofe.

LJX. to the end that theft may be a certain place, .	whbre	the Creditors of ahy bankrupt, or any perfon or per-

ttZST ^°n8	any	Mate	or	intereft	in	any	rftefTuage,	lands,

tenements, or hereditament!* by or under any luch com-

miffioa

6

No equity

of majority.

Proceedings on petition en-

Digitized by kjOOQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George lit.

%&iffion as aforefaid, may have recourfc to fuch commiflion, the proceedings thereon ; and that fuch commiflions,

«|cpolitions, and proceedings may be of record and given in evidence ; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That *apon the petition of any perfon or perfons to the lord S&ancellor, lord keeper, or commiflioners tar the cuftody of gieat leal of Ireland, praying that fuch commiflions the depoiitions taken thereon, or any part of fuch demolitions, and fuch certificate fo to be allowed and confirm-a* aforefaid, or any other matters or things relating to faid commiflions or the proceedings thereupon, may be jittered of record ; the lord chancellor, lord keeper or eom-{ttiffioners of the great feal, Ihall and may direcl *nd order foch commiflions, depoiitions, proceedings, and certificates, fer other matters or things relating thereunto, to be entered jrf record; and iu cafe of the death of the witnefles proving fuch bankruptcy, or in cafe the faid commiflions, depo-fttions, proceedings, or other matters or things relating ^hereunto, Ihall be Joft or mifiaid, a trite copy or the record ©f fuch commiflions, depofitions, and proceedings, or other Jpatters or things relating thereunto, figned and attefted as Jbereiu after is mentioned, (hall and tnay upon all occalions fcft givep in evidence to prove fuch commiflion, and the bankruptcy of fuch perfon againil whom fuch commiflion Ihall be awarded, or other matters or things relating thereunto ; and all certificates which Ihall be allowed and confirmed, and entered of record as aforefaid, or a true copy of every certificate figned and attelled as herein after is mentioned, Ihall and jnay be given in evidence in any of his Ma-jetty** courts of record, and be without any further proof deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a full and effectual bar and difeharge of and agaiuft any action or fuit, which Ihall be commenced or brought by any creditor or creditors of fuch bankrupt for any debt or demand, contracted, due, or demandable before the ifluing of fuch commiflion, unlefs any creditor or creditors, or the perfon that hath fuch certificate, Ihall prove, that fuch certificate was fraudulently obtained ; in which cafe coflts Ihall be allowed to either party as in other common cafes.

LX* And to the end any creditor, or other perfon or \ or(j chancel-perfons, may know where to fearch and fee, whether fuch lor to appoint commiflion hath iflued, and find what depofitions have been certain place ia taken by virtue thereof, and what proceedings have been	rc~

thereupon, and whether the faid bankrupt hath made fuch affidavit or affirmation as aforefaid, and whether fuch certificates are entered of record as aforefaid, and all other matters and things which Ihall be entered of record in purfu-aace of this ad; the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or com-

miflionert

Digitized by LjOOQle

Defendants on fuit for afting may plead not guilty. Sec. as herein.

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. miffioners for the cuftody of die great feal, fhall appoint a certain Proper place within the city or the liberties of tbt city of Dublin, where all and every the matters aforefaid fhall be entered of record, and where all perfons fhall be at liberty to feareh and fee, if the fame are duly entered of record ; and the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commiffioneri of the great teal, fhall by writing under his or their hand or hands appoint a proper perfon, who fhall by himfelf or hit fufficient deputy, to be appointed by the lord chancellor, lord keeper^ or commifBoncrs, by writing under his or their hand or hands enter of record fuch commiffions, depofitions, proceedings, and certificates, and other matters and things relating thereunto, and have the cuftody of the entries thereof, and alfo appoint fuch fee and reward to be paid to fuch perfon for his labour and pains therein, a§ the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commiiEoners of the great feal fhall think reafonable, not exceeding what is ufually paid in the like cafes ; and that the perfon fo to be appolned, and his deputy, fhall continue to enter of record all and every the matters and things aforefaid, and to have the cufjody of the fame, fo long as he or they refpe&ively behave* them-fefres well in entering the fame of record add keeping fuch entries, and fhall not be removed but by order in writing \mder the hand of the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or comr miffioners of the great feal, oh good and fufficient caufe therein fpecified j and in cafe fuch perfon (hall die, or he as aforefaid removed, the lord Chancellor, lord keeper or com-miffioners for the time being, fhall and may in writing under his or their hand oi* hands appoint another perfon to enter the fame of record, who fhall have the cuftody of the entries thereof, and fhall have artd receive the like fee and reward tor his labour and pains therein.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-faid, That if any a&ion of trefpafs or other fuit fjiall happen hereafter to be brought' ag&toft any commiffioner authorized by this ftatute, or any other perfon or perfons having authority by virtue of or under fuch commiffion, for doing or executing any matter by force of this ftatute, that the defendant or defendants in any filch a&ion or fuit may plead not guilty. Or otherwise juftify*, that the a& or thing, whereof the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall complain, was done by authority of this a6l,without ekprefiing or rehearfing any other matter or circumftanCe contained in this a6f, or enforcing him or them to ftiew forth tlieir commiffion authorizing the fal'd a& Or thing; whereunto the plaintiff fhall be admitted to reply, that the defendant did the fa& fuppofed in the declaration of his own wrong, without any fuch caufe alledgcdby fuch defendant or defendants ; wherv-'	upon

Digitized by

Google

Tie eleventh and twelfth Tears of George IIL	4J7

upon the ifliie in fuch ad ion (hall be joined to be tried by	A. ' IX

verdid of twelve men; and upon the trial of that ifliie the	1771-2.

whole matter (hall be given in evidence by both parties ac- Chap. 8. cording to the very truth of the fame 5 and the perfon, for whom the verdid upon fuch ifliie (hall pals, (hall have his cods.

LXII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Pmnrr^ faid, That thedifeharge of any bankrupt or bankrupts byoblig*tor»and force of this ad from the debts by him, her, or them doe contrador*, not and owing at the time that he, (he, or they did become difdurgcd. bankrupt, or at the ifliiing of fuch commiflion of bankruptcy, (hall not be con (trued, meant, or intended to releafe or discharge any other perfon or perfon*, who was or were partner or partners with the (aid bankrupt in trade at the time, he, (he, or they became bankrupt, then flood jointly bound, or had made any joint-contract together with fuch bankrupt or bankrupts for the dime debt or debts, for which he was di(charged as afbrefhid, but that notwithftanding filch discharge, fuch partner and partners, joint-obligator and obligors, and joint-contradors with fuch bankrupt and bankrupts, as aforefaid, (hall be and ftand chargeable with, and liable to pay fuch debt and debts, and to perform fuch contrads, is if the hud bankrupt and bankrupts had never been difeharged from the fame*

LXIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority Nobonaflde aforefaid, That no perfon, who (hall be rally and bona a creditor of any bankrupt for and in refped of goods, re-^JJto^ ally and hona fide fold to fuch bankrupt, or for or in re- fond to aflignee* fped of any bill or bills of exchange rally and hona fide fuch money redrawn, negotiated, or accepted by fuch bankrupt in the ceif®i^olV, ufual and ordinary courfe of trade and dealing, (hall be lia- com*,i|,no"» ble to refund or repay to the aflignee oV aflignees of fuch bankrupt’s eflate any money, which before the fuing forth fuch commiflion was really, and bona fJe9 and in the ufual and ordiuary courfe of trade and dealing, received by fuch perfon from any fuch bankrupt, before fuch time as the perfon receiving the fame (hall know, underftand, or have notice, that he is become a bankrupt, or that he is in infolvent cir* cumftances.

L.XIV. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Obligee ta faid, That the obligee in any bottomry or refpondenfia hondf and theafliired in any policy of infuraiice hi the courfe of pnhcic, bona trade, made and entered iuto upon a good and valuable con- fide, may claim, Adoration, bona Jide9 (hall be admitted to claim, and after the lofs or contingency lhall have happened, to prove hisp her, or their debt and demands in rrfpecfc to fuch bond or policy of infurance, in like manner a* if thy lolls or contingency had happened before the time of tl|C ifluing of the -5	*	commiflion

%

Digitized by v^ooQle

45*

A. tH I771***

?<«, fettled by lord chancellor.

Amended

17 and 18 G. 3. c 4$ and 19

and 20 G. 3. e. *5 f. i*-continued to

34 June 1796*

Ac. 30 G. 3. c.

4*. £ 13.

Tie ek^ttukand twelfth Teart (/-George III. commtffion of bankruptcy againft fuch obligor or infurer, and (ball be intkkd unto, and* (hall have and receive a proportionable part, (hare, and dividend of fuch bankrupt's estate, in proportion to the other creditors of fuch bankrupt, in like manner a? if fuch lofs oroontiqgeucy had happened, before the commifiion iflued; and all and every pcrfon or perfons, againft whom any commifiion of bankruptcy (hall be awarded, (hall be difcharged of and from the debt or, debts owing by him, her, or them on every fuch bond or policy of infurance as aforefaid, and (hall have the benefit of this ftatute, as if fuch loft or contingency had happened, and the money due in refptd thereof had become payable, before the time of iftuing fuch commifiion.

LXV. And be it enacted by the authority afbre&d, Utat it (hall and may be lawful for the lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or com mi (Turners of the great fbal in Ireland for the time being, from time to time to fettle and regulate the fees, which (hall be taken by and paid to the fever?} afficers and perfons concerned in the ifliiipg ■ and fuing. forth every fuch commifiion of bankruptcy as aforefaid, mad upon all petitions and proceedings in the execution thereof, other than fuch fees as are hereby ordered.

LXVi. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That this ad (hall continue in force for feven years from the twenty fourth day of June, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two, and from thence to the eud of the neat fefilon of Parliament, and no longer.

CHAR II

An AS for the better preventing of Frauds committed by Per-funs claiming the Bounties for fupplying the City of Dublin %vitb Corn and Flour.

WHEREAS the feveral ads of Parliament heretofore made for the fupplying the city of Dublin with corn and flour, and to explain and amend the fame, have been found to be of utility to the city of Dublin 5 but as great frauds have been frequently committed by perfons pretending to be intitled to the refpedive bounties or premiums in faid ads mentioned, to die great diminution of his Majefty's revenue : for the better prevention and detedion Of fuch frauds for the future, and for the more eafy and ef-fedual execution of the faid ads, be it enaded by the King's tnoft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this pre-\ font Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one

thoufand

0

Digitized by UooQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.	459

flioufand feven hundred and feventy two, no perfon (hall be A. D. intitled to receive *ny bounty for bringing flour to the city	1771-a.

of Dublin, unlefe the owner of fuch flour, or fonae perfou	Chap. 9.

employed by him or her to take tare of the fame, where it ^ was made, do, before the feme is brought to Dublin, make No bounty an affidavit before a juftice of the peace of the bounty, in	Dublin

which fuch flour was made, or chief magiftrate of any town unicfg corporate, who are hereby impowered to adminifter the vit made as feme, which affidavit (hall fet forth the quantity of fuch herein, flour of wheat, the name of the place where the fame was made, and the ntimber of tniles fuch place is diftant from his Majefty'3 caftle in the city of Dublin, each to be ex* prefied in words, and not in figures, and that the wheat, whereof fuch flour was Made, wa3, to the beft of the know* ledge and belief of the perfon making fuch affidavit, of the growth of this kingdom, and that fuch flour of wheat is at free from bran or polhrd, as flour of that quality ought to be, and that neither he nor any other period to his belief has received any premium for the feme, or made any affidavit, but the prefent, to intitle him to a premium for the feme; and if the perfon making fuch affidavit be illiterate, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be made to appear Upon the oath of fame other perfon, that fuch affidavit was truly read to him, before fuch juftice Or chief magiftrate (hall adminifter the foregoing affidavit to him: and there (hall J>e delivered to the perfon, appointed for paying thofe premiums, fuch certificate and affidavits as are required by the former a6ts.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Forpngcer-faid. That if any perfon or perions (hall forge any fuch cer-	fl,* finT

tificate, affidavit, or craner's note, as in this or the faid for- offence, whip* mer afts or any of them, is or are meutioned and dirc&ed; 3 market dayt; or (hall produce to the faid paymafter or his deputy any fuch fec°nd» felony, certificate, affidavit, or craner's note as aforeiaid, knowing iry°J^rllUoa the feme to be forged or falfe, with intent to receive the 7 benefit of the feiid premium or bounty, or (hall knowingly fwear any thing, which is falfe, in any fuch affidavits as afore-feid, or (hall fraudulently aftiiQje or take, any falfe or &5U-tious name in any fuch affidavit, he,(he, or they, upon conviction thereof (hall for the firft offence be publickly whipped on a market day in each of the three fucceffive weeks next after his, her, or their convi&ion ; and for fuch next offence (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall be tranf-ported for feven years to fome one of his Majcfty'a plantations in America; and if any perfon or perions (hall be knowingly aiding or affifting in making, procuring, or obtaining any fuch forged or felfe affidavit, certificate, or era-ner*3 note, or (hall knowingly procure or adrift any perfon

to

Pxymafter on abfeiue may appoint one, and anfwerabk.

Approved of by x excife com-muffioncrt.

Corn, Ac. brought to be weighed, a fc-cond time forfeited.

7he eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. ta fwcar any fuch falfe affidavit, he, (he, or they (hall upod convi&ion thereof for the firft offence be in like manner three times publickly whipped; and for fuch next offence (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and (hall be tranfported for feven years to fome one of his Majefty’s plantations ia America.

III.	And \>e it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe of fieknefs or neceffary. abfcnce of Roger Palmer, efquire, the . prefent pay mailer of the corn premiums, the faid Roger Palmer may appoint a proper and difcrect per-fon, for whom the faid Roger Palmer (hall be anfwerable, to execute the faid office in the place and dead of the faid Roger Palmer during fuch fieknefs or rieceflary abfence, with the like powers of adminiftring oaths as the principal hath.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That fuch perfon fo to be appointed (hall, before he (hall a& in the (aid office, be approved of by the commiflioners of his Majefly’s revenue of excifc, or any three of them, by writing under their refpeftive hands and feals.

V.	And be it enacled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and feventy two, if arty corn, meal, malt, or flour, which has been weighed at a publick crane in the city of Dublin, the liberties of St. Sepulchre’s, Thomas-court, or Donore, and for which a craner’s note has been obtained, (hall be again brought to any of the faid craners before mentioned to be again weighed ; or that any corn, meal, malt, or flour (hall be weighed at any of the cranes before mentioned, in the name or names of any but the real owner or owners of fuch corn, meal, malt, or flour, or if any affidavit made before a juft ice of the peace, chief magiflrate, or paymafter of the corn premiums, fuch corn, meal, malt, or flour, is faid to be brought from any place at a greater dif-tance from the caftlc of Dublin, than that from which it was really brought, upon proof made thereof in a fum-mary way before the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, or two julUces of the peace, fuch corn, meal, malt, or flour, (hall be forfeited 5 one moiety to the ufe of the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the ufe of the foundling hofpital.

CHAP. X.

✓

. An A3 fer rendering Securities by Mortgage more effectual

Where intcreft C T j I IE REAS by default of the pun£lual payment of the due, court of ^ V V jntcrdl payable upon mortgages, and on account of point^receiver>" £rcat delays ia bills of foreclosure, fccurities by mort-

Digitized by Google

TAe eleventh and twelfth Tears of George T ITT	45l

gage are fallen into difrepute: for remedy* whereof, be It en-	A. D.

aftedby the King'* moll excdlent Majefty, by and with the	1 jy i-a,

advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of December, one thoufand foven hundred and fcxenty-two, in all cafes, where one year and a half’s intereft (hall be due, a court of equity, upon application in manner hereafter mentioned, (hall appoint a receiver to receive fuch parts of the rents of the mortgaged premises, as (hall be fufficient to pay fuch arrear of intereft, and alfo the accruing intereft of the (aid mortgage money from time to time, one half year when the other (hall become due, until the .whole of fuch intereft due on the faid mortgage (hall t* difeharged, and no longer, together with fuch fees or falary as (hall be appointed by the faid court for fuch receiver, as alfo the neoeflary colls out of pocket of fuch application, and that out of the furos fo received'fuch intereft, falary, and cods, (hall be ordered to be paid.	’

II.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That ©riler onpeta-fuch order (hall be made upon petition and affidavit, a^eT^J't°^W . reafonable time given to (hew caufe, and whether any bill has or has not been filed relative to the faid mortgage.

•CHAP. XI.

An Act for better regulating the Foundling Ho fulfil and Work-houfe in the City of Dublin, and inereajing the Fund for the Support thereof; alfo for making a Provi/ion for appoint- Amended ing a Locum Tcnens in Cafe of the death or offence of the fJ* lS G» 5* c. Lord Mayor, or the Prcfidcnt of the Court of Confcience.	q	^	c

w

HE REAS great confufion and inconvenience may 17 G. 3 c. 38. arife from the multiplicity of the a els now in force ** G- 3* c* 45-relative to the work-houfe of the city of Dublin, and it is r* thought expedient to repfcal the fame, artd to make one new Expedient t® aft, containing all fuch parts of the faid laws as are proper repeal former to be continued, with fuch alterations and additions as are an<* roakc herein contained : be it cnafted by the King’s moll thcwprkhouie!* excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefont Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, an aft pa(Ted in the fecond year of the reign of her late Majefty Queen Anne, entitled, An aft for erecting a Worh-houfe in the city a Anne c. 19. of Dublin for employing and maintaining the poor thereof and «ilfo an aft pa(Ted in (be firft year of the reign of his late.Ma-

jeftr»

Digitized by LjOOQle

c. a7.

• S O. a. c. 14.

The dnaotb deed Uweifib Yeart of George Ilf. jefty, entitled, An ad jar the fatter fagulatfig $h Worhboafe -of the city of Dublin, and 'to regulate and provide for the poor thereof) emd to prevent mifchiefs wfatb may happen hy faeffog gunpowder within the joed city, end.alfban act .f>affed iathjC third year of the laid reign, entitled* An <*8 for the fatter 3 O. 2. c. 17. mailingthe moverunre ef the Wvrfahade ef the dty of Dublin to provide fir emd employ the poor therein, and for the more effcdual pmfbment of vagabonds, and alfo for the farter four-tng f emd providing for bmaheks and fqmtdJwg children, and alio an ad patted in the fifth year of the foid reign, entitled, An ad to emend an ad, entitled, .An ad for the fatter regulating the jVorbboufe of the city of Dublin, and to regulate and provide for the poor thereof, and to prevent mifchiefs which may happen ly keeping gun-powder within the find city, and alfo for .explaining and amending one o^her entitled, An ad for the better enabling the governors of the Worb-houfe of the city of Dublin to provide for and employ the poor therein, ■and for the more fjodual punfhment of vagabonds, and alfo for the better fecuring of and providing for lunaticks and foundling children, *9 G- a. c. at. alfo ^ ^ paflfcd in the nineteenth* year of the faid reign, *	entitled,	An ad for continuing and emending the feveral laws

2$ . a.c. 16.	t0	the Wotfahovfe of the city of Dublin, and alfo an

ad patted in the twentieth* year of the fa id reign, entitled, An ad for explaining and amending the Jevcral laws now in being, relating to the Work-boufe of the city of Dublin, fo far as the fame relates to the rates of hackney coaches and hackney 11 G. 3. c. a. ^aocbnten, and fedan chairs and chairmen, in and about the faid f. 4.	city,	and alfo a claufe in an ad patted in the eleventh year of

hit prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad for reviving .	emd continuing and amending the feveral temporary Jlatutes, and

ccprtTc.V ** fWQtber purpofes, whereby the faid feveral ads herein before recited are to continue in force until the twenty-fourth day of June, which (hall be in the year of our lord, one thou-fand feven hundred and ninety-two, and to the end of the then next feflion of Parliament, (hall be repealed and made null and void, except fo much* of th£ (aid ad patted in the firik year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, as relates- to the preventing mifehiefs, which may happen by keeping gun-powder within the {aid city of Dublin.

II.	And whereat by the repeal of the {aid feveral ads of Parliament the corporation of the governors of the work-houfe of the city* of Dublin will be diffolved, and it is ne-cefiary that , a new corporation (hould be created for regulating and governing the faid work-houfe, and maintaining and fupper ting the foundling children now in the faid houfe, or at nurfe in the country, aad-which fhaU be hereafter received therein, or fent to nurfe therefrom purfuant to this ad; therefore be it further enaded by the authority afore-

laid,

17.

A new corporation of governors for workhoufc and founds lings created.

Digitized by LjOOQle

The elroenfb and twelfth Teats of George III.

*5ud. That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day df

Sr, one thoofand feven hundred and feventy-twO, thefe be a corporation of governors of the Foundling hofpi-tal and work-houfe to Continue for ever in the county of the city Of Dublin, which corporation (hall confift of the fcvfc-ral perfone herein after mentioned, (that it to fey) thechitf

Sverrto^ or governors of this kingdom, lord primate *of all dand, lord high chancellor, lord archbtfhop of Dublin, lord mayor of the city of Dublin, the fpeakerof the hoofe of commons, the lord of the manor of Thomas Court arid Donore, the chancellor of the exchequer, the principal fe-cretary of ftate, the three chief judges, his Majefty’s prime feijeant at law, the attorney general, the folicitor general, the vicar general of Dublin, the deans of Chrift Chureh and St. Patrick's, Dublin, the recorder, aldermen, azld fheriffs of the city of Dublin, the (late phyfician, the phy-itcian general of the army, the furgeon general, the ftate furgeon, the high fheriff and governor of the county of Dublin, the chairman of the feffions of Kilmainham, the fenefchals of Saint Sepulchre's, and Thomas Court, and Donore, of the liberties and manor of Grange Gorman, of the liberties of Saint Patrick, and of the liberty of Kilmainham refpeclively, the rrmfter of the Royal Hofyfad, the members in Parliament for the faid city and* eounty of Dublin, the chaplain of the faid city, the minifter of each and every paiiih in the city and fuburbs of Dublin refpec-tively for the time being, John archibifliop of Tuam, James duke of Leinfter, Ford earl of Cavan, Francis Thomas earl of Kerry, William earl of Shelburne, Brinfley earl of I^anelborough, Robert earl of Belvidcre, John earl of Moira, Henry earl of Ely, William vifeount Crofbie, Thomas baron Dartry, the honourable Anthony Brabazdn, commonly called lord Brabazon, right honourable John Ponfonby, right honourable Nathaniel Clements, right honourable Francis Andrews, right honourable fir Archibald Achefon, baronet, right honourable Edward Cafy, honourable William Brabazon, honourable John Butler, hr Thomas Butler baronet, fir Edward Loftus baronet, Thomas Lc Hunte efquire, Thomas Adderley, efquire, Hercules Langford Rowley, efquire, Bhyney Townly Balfour, efquire, Richard Levinge, efquire, John Bourke, efquire, John Cramer, efquire, John Hateh, efquire, Robert* FitzGerald, efquire, David L&touche, efquire, John Fofter, efquire, Lodge Morris, efquire, Hugh Henry Mitchell, efquire, Maurice Coppinger, efquire, Robert Hellen, ef-

r‘re, Guftavus Lambert, efquire, Michael Clarke^ efquire, Edward Newenham, knight, Henry Monk, efquire, Dixie Coddington, efquire, hr Fielding Ould, knight, the *	honourable

Digitized by L,ooQle

On vacancy others eleded at meeting.

Corporation named, have common teal, &c.

Tht eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. honourable Thomas Tennifon, Redmond Morris, efquire, George Paul Monk, enquire, Hamilton Gorges, efquire, Robert Marfhall, efquire, John Putland, efquire, Thomas Cubbe, efquire, reverend Thomas Car, doftor in divinity, reverend Kean Percival, doftor in divinity, Richard Hamilton, efquire,. George Hart, efquire, John Leigh, efquire, John Latouche, efquire, William Bury, efquire, William Bury, junior, efquire, William Perceval, efquiie, Luke Sterling, efquire, Richard Supple, efquire, William Glea-dow, efquire, Michael Dailey, efquire, Arthur Craven, efquire, John Digby, efquire, Charles Gordon, efquire, William Phillips, efquire, Richard Cooke, efquire. Holt Warren, efquire, Peter Latouche, efquire, Ridly Towers, efquire, Barry Colies, efquire, William Crookfhank, efquire, John Humphry, efquire, Francis Evans, efquire, George Meares, efquire, Edward Noy, efquire, Richard Wilfon, efquire, Nathaniel Kavenagh, efquire, John Whiteway, efquire, Hercules Langrifhe, efquire, William Afton, efquire, George Lyndon, efquire, doftor of laws, Thomas faint George, efquire, Georges Lowther, efquire, Hugh Cane, efquire, Robert Clements, efquire, Henry Theophilus Clements, efquire, fir John Parnell, baronet, Francis Leigh, efquire, Thomas Kingfbury, efquire, hr Caple Molyneux, baronet, Robert Leigh, efquire, John Monk Mafon, efquire, honourable Richard Rochford Mervyn, Charles Euftace, efquire, and Edward Sterling, efquire.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore -faid, That on the death or relignation of any perfon or per-fons whofe names are herein particularly before mentioned, whereby a vacancy of a governor of the foundling hofpital and work-houfe (hall happen, that then the governors of the faid foundling hofpital and work-houfe at the next or any other general meeting, to be held as hereafter is mentioned, (hall cleft another perfon who fhall, be refident within the faid city of Dublin, or within three miles of the fame, in the place and Head of every fuch perfon fo dying or refign-ing; and as often as any vacancy (hall happen by death or reugnation in the place of any of the perfons hereafter to be elefted to fucceed therein, fome other perfon or perfons qualified as aforefaid (hall in like manner from time to time for ever thereafter be elefted, which perfons fo elefted fhall to all intents and purpofes be deemed, and taken to be governors of the laid foundling hofpital and work-houfe, and meopbers of the faid corporation, w if their pames were herein particularly inferted.

IV.	-And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, the

'	'	y	aforefaid

>

Digitized by

Google

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III,	^5

aforefaid perfons and their fucceflors Thai! for ever in name	A. D.

and fa& be one body politick and corporate in law to all in-	1771-2.

tents and purpofes, and (hall have perpetual fucceflion, and Chap. 11. be called the governors of the foundling hofpital and work-houfe of the city of Dublin, and (hall be enabled to plead and fue, and to be fued and impleaded, by that name, and (hall and may have a common feal for their ufe, and (hall and may without licence in mortmain purchafe, take, and receive any lands, tenements, or hereditaments whatfoever, not exceeding the annual value of two thoufand pounds, or any perfonal eftate whatfoever, for the ufe and benefit of the faid corporation.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, f That the faid governors, or any eleven or more of them, poinfC(1

/hall at their firft meeting to be had after the faid twenty- plcalure, *c 8 fourth day of June, one thoufand feven bundled and feventy-two, in cafe any of the perfons herein before named (hall happen to die before the faid meeting, eleft one or more perfons, qualified as aforefaid, to be governor or governors in the room of him or them fo dying, and alfo (hall then proceed to ele& and appoint a proper perfou to be their trea-(urer, or fteward and overfeer of the faid foundling hofpital and work-houfe, during their pleafure, at a falary not exceeding one hundred and fifty pounds per annum ; and the faid treafurer or (leward and overfeer of the foundling hofpital and work-houfe, when fo elecled and appointed as aforefaid, (hall together with two other lolver.t and fufheient perfons execute a bond to the faid governors in a fum not lefs than two thoufand pounds, conditioned for his well and truly accounting upon oath to the find governors once in every year, or oftner if he dull be thereunto required, for all fum3 of money which (hall come into his hands as treafurer to the faid foundling hofpital and work-houle, and for faithfully difeharging his duty in every particular, and for the keeping one or more good and fuificicnt clerk or clerks under him the better to execute his faid office, for the jull and good conduct of which clerk or clerks he fhall he accountable.

VI.	Provided neverthelcf:, That the fum or fums, to be Manner of paid to fuch clerk or clerks, do not in the wV«le in any one appointing year exceed the fum of twenty pounds ; and that every fuch C j^8 aJcCrc* clerk fo to be kept by the treafurer for the time Lei \j, be- ^

fore he fhall adt as fuch, (hall he approved of by fin'd governors, or any eleven or more ofi tluni; and the faid governors (hall alfo at the fame time nominate and appoint a re-gifter to the faid foundling hofpital and work-houfe during pleafure at a falary not exceeding fixtv pounds a year ; and Vol. V.	G	g '	the

Digitized by

466 A. D.

T771-2. Chap. IT.

11 may eleA (uccefTor to treafurer or regifter.

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George 111, the faid regifter /hall from time to time fummon eitefy member of the faid corporation refiding in Dublin, or the liberties thereto adjoining, to meet and aflemble at the faid work-honfe, to hold a general court of affembly on the days herein after directed for the quarterly holding of the fame, nr oftener, at the faid work-houfe, or any other place* if the faid governors, or any eleven of them, or the court of afllftants, or any live or more of them, (hall fee occafion ; and the faid remitter /hall alfo give notice to each member of the court of afliftantsof their days and place of meeting, and fliall alfo do and perform all fuch other bu/inefs, as the faid governors, or any eleven of them, /hall from time to time think nece/Tary to be done ; and the faid regifter, before he enters upon his faid office, /hall with two other fol-vent and fufficient perfons execute a bond to the faid gover. norsfor a fum not lefs than five hundred pounds, conditioned for his faithful difeharge of the duties of his office ; and it /hall and may be lawful to and for the faid governors, eleven at lead being prefeut at any fuch meeting or meetings, to nominate and.appoint during pleafure two phyficians to attend the faid foundling hofpital and Work-houfe during pleafure at a yearly falary, not exceeding eighty pounds a year to each phyfician ; and 'alfo to nominate and appoint all other nece/Tary officers and fervants to the faid foundling hofpital and work-houfe during pleafure, with fuch reafon-able falaries as they fliall judge proper, not exceeding in the whole, cxclufive of thofe hereby granted to the treafurer, regifter, and phyficians, the yearly fum of five hundred pounds: provided that nomafter or miftrefi, employed for the inllruttion of the children in the faid work-houfe, nof any nurfc, be deemed an officer or fervant within this claufe.

VII.	And provided alfo, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it /hall and may be lawful for the laid governors, or any eleven or more of them, upon the death, amotion, or re Agnation of the treafurer or regifter from time to time for ever hereafter at the firft or any other general a/Fembly to be held after fuch death, amotion, or refignation, to ele& a perfon to fucceed fuch treafurer or regifter, at the falary, and under and fubjedl to all and every the regulations, conditions, and provifoes herein before and herein after contained of and concerning the fame refpedtively, and to make and ordain fuch rules, ordinances, bye-laws, and other regulations as the faid governors, or any eleven or more of them (hall judge nece/Tary and expedient for the good government of the faid foundling hofpital and work-houfe, and the maintenance, education, and fupport of the children received or to be received therein, or fent to nurfe therefrom, or as the fame be not contrary to the laws and ilatutes of this realm.

VIII. And

Digitized by v^ooQle

All property, tec Yelled in

Liable to all

fhe eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.

VIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That all lands, tenements, and hereditaments belonging to tdie (aid corporation, hereby to be diffolved, either in poffef-fion or reverfion, and aH and every ftrm and fums of money, goods and chatties, debts and dues, and all right of a&ion, right of entry, rights, profits, properties, ufes, trufts, in- ~rnor. terefts, poffibilitics, claims, and demands whatfoever either ® in law or equity, which thefoid corporation fhall in any fort he entitled unto, feized or pofTefTed of, on the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred feventy and two, fhall from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, be verted in the faid governors hereby appointed, and their fuccertors forever, for the life and fupport of the faid foundling hof-pital and work-houfe, any law or rtatute to the contrary not-withftanding.

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, . f . That the faid corporation created hv this a& fhall from and £1™** Ult** after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, be fubject and liable to all

a&ions and fuits, caufes of a&ions and fuits, claims and demands whatfoever, to which the faid corporation hereby to be difTolved would have been fubjeet and liable, in cafe this att had not been made ; and that all actions and fuits, which fhall have been brought or inrtituted either by or againft the faid corporation hereby to be difTolved, and fhall be depending on the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, may be continued and carried on by or againft the faid corporation hereby created by the name of the governors of the foundling hospital and work-houfe of the city of Dublin, in the fame manner as fuch a&ions or fuits might have been continued or carried on by or agamft the faid corporation, in cafe the fame had not been difTolved.

X.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Quarterly

faid, That the faid governors fhall have four general quarter-	ap"

ly meetings in every year on every Monday next ^ftcr the court 0f afiif-twenty-fourth day of June, and Monday next after the tan't, Sec. twenty-ninth day of September, and Monday next after the a*lcrc<i twenty-fifth day of December, and Monday next after the G' c* 2*# twenty-fifth day of March, to be held at the faid foundling

hofpital, that they or any eleven or more of them fhall at their general quarterly meeting or aflembly, which fhall be held the Monday immediately after the twenty-fourth day of June in every year, conftitutc and appoint out of all the faid governors of the faid foundling hofpital and work-houfe the number of fifteen or more, to be called the court of af-fiifants, which perfons fo chofen, or any five or more of G g 2	them,

4$8	The	eleventh	and	twelfth	Tears	of	George	III.

A. D. them, (hall have full power and authority for the term and 1771-2.	fpace of one year after their being fo chofen to meet and af-

Chap. xz.	femble themfelves together at fuch place and places, and as

often, as they (hall think proper ; and (hall and may put in force and execution all and every the laws, rules, orders, and regulations, which have been or (hall from time to time be made or ordained by the faid governors at any of their faid quarterly or other general meetings or aftemblies, wherein eleven at leaft (hall have been prefent, and (hall alfo execute, do, and perform the feveral matters hereby intruded to them ; and fhall order fummonfes for the calling a general afiembly, fo often as they (hall fee occafion; and the faid court of afliftants, or any five of them, (hall during the (aid term of one year have full andabfolute power and authority to infpeCt into and regulate the management of the faid foundling hofpital and work-houfe, and the children received therein, or fent to nurfe therefrom : provided, that every rule or order, made or ordained by any general court of af-fembly, (hall be binding and conclufive to faid court of af-'filtants, and that they do not prefume to fufpend, invalidate, alter, or contradict the fame, or any thing in this aCt contained.

XI.	And whereas there are now, and may happen to be on the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, confiderable fums of money due out of the refpeCtive parifhes and places extra parochial within \ the faid city of Dublin and the liberties thereto adjoining, which ought to have been levied and received by the feveral collectors for the ufe of the faid work-houfe ; and there may be alfo arrears due for coaches, chairs, chaifes, drays, carts, cars, and other carriages, and for rents due out of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which have been granted unto or belonging to the faid corporation hereby to be diflolv-ed ; to the end therefore that all fuch arrears may be collected and applied for the purpofes of the foundling hofpital and work-houfe, be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. Arrears veft- That all and fingular the faid arrears, and all right thereunto, C<1 herein VCra°rS	an<^ are ^ere^y vefted in the governors of the foundling

a's ercm‘	hofpital	and work-houfe of the city of Dublin, appointed by

this aCt, and their iucceffors for ever, for the ufe of the faid foundling hofpital and work-houfe ; and that each and every of the inhabitants of the feveral houfes in the faid city and liberties thereunto adjoining, and alfo the tenants to the feveral lands, tenements, and hereditaments, that have heen granted to or belong to the faid corporation ; and alfo every perfon indebted or in arrear for or on account of coaches, chaifes, chairs, drays, carts, cars, and other carriages and fedans, who have not duly paid the feveral fums of money,

which

Digitized by

Google

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. which they were refpertively obliged to pay purfuant to the faid recited arts, or by virtue of any leafe, minute, con-trad, or agreement, or licence, do pay the fame to fuch perfon or perfons, who by the faid governors hereby nominated and appointed, or any eleven or more of them, (hall from time to time be appointed at any general afTembly to colled the fame ; and that fuch perfon or perfons fo appointed (hall have full and abfolute power and authority to receive all fuch arrears, or to lue for and recover the fame by dif-trefs, or any other ways or methods, in as full and ample a manner as the fame could or might have been fued for and recovered by the faid recited arts, or any of them; and that the (aid arrears, or fo much thereof as (hall be colled ed and received, (hall be applied and difpofed of in the hrli place for the payment of fuch debts, as have or (hall have been bona fide contraded by the governors appointed by the before recited art, or any of them, in the management and fupport of the faid houfc; and the overplus, if any, (hall be applied in fuch manner, and to fuch ufes of the foundling hofpital or work-houfe, as the governors thereof hereby appointed, and their fucccflors, eleven at lead being prefent,

(hall dirert and appoint at any general affembly$ and that fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be appointed to collert and receive the faid arrears, or all or any of the funds hereby intended for the ufe of the faid houie, and the maintenance, education, and fupport of the children, (hall give receipts under his or their hands for all fuch fum and fums of money, as by him or them (hall be collected and received ; which receipt (hall be a fufficient and legal difeharge to the perfons fo obtaining the fame.

XII.	And be it further enarted by the authority afore-faid, That the treafurer, and all and every perfon or per- receipts ou oath, font who (hall be intruded with the receipt or di(burfemeut of

the revenue of the corporation hereby created, or any part thereof, and all other perfons whatfoever who (hall account with the laid corporation, eleven of the governors at lead being prefent, for any fum or fums of money by him or them collected, received, or dilburfed for the ufe of the faid corporation, (hall account on oath before the faid governors ; and (hall alfo account on oath for all dilburfement or payments made by him or them, if required ; which oaths tne faid governors, or any eleven or more, are hereby-impower-ed to adrainifter.

XIII.	And whereas the reception of vagabonds and itr’ol- All vagabond*

ling beggars into the fame houfe, or within the fame walls or droll n>r h0r, with children, wall be manifciUy injurious by the fettiug a	s tn ^ f«-nt

bad example, and the number of very mean perfons who mult	1)1 uicwcil»

ueccflarily attend them : therefore be it further enacted by c*

*	the

Account* for

Digitized by )OQle

470  A. D. 1771-2. Cb»p. u.	The eleventh and twelfth Yeatt $f Gcofrge III. the authority aforefaid, That from and after the fised twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fe-vfcnty-two, no vagabond or ftrolling beggar (hall be lent into the fame houfe, or kept within the fame walls, with the children hereby intended to be provided for ; but that every fuch period, who may be apprehended in purfuance of this a&, fhall be fent to bridewell, or to fuch other place as the faid governors, or any eleyen of them, {hall think fit to appoint within the faid city or liberties, feparate, diftmdl, and apart from the faid children; and that faid vagabonds and {trolling beggars (hall be maintained and fet to work at the expence of the faid corporation out of the revenue hereby granted to them ; and the faid governors, or any eleven of them, are hereby impowered and directed to make fuch rules and orders for the relieving, regulating, and fet-ting to work, and for the good and proper management of fuch vagabonds and ft rolling beggars, and of the perfons neceflary to attend and Overfee them, as to them fhall feem proper, and to provide fuch neceffaries and materials as they /hall think convenient for the fetting fuch vagabonds and ftrolling beggars at work ; and alfo to apply the produce of fuch work, and the benefit that may arife from the fale thereof, in aid of their revenues to the ufe of the foundling hofpital and work-houfe.

it governors XIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbre-may punifti on faid, That the laid governors, or any eleven or more of not conforming, them, and the faid court of afiiftants, or any five of them,

A governor or city magif-trate nay apprehend heg-g.rs and vagabonds, &c.	/hall have power to infli& reafooable punifhment or correction from time to time on any vagabond, beggar, or poor perfon within the faid bridewell or other place of confinement, who ftialj pot conform to fuch rules and regulations fo to be made as aforefaid.  XV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid governors, and each and every of them, and anyjuftice.of the peace for the faid city, fhall have full power t© apprehend all idle or poor people begging or feek-ing relief, and all vagabonds smd fturdy and ftroliing beggars within the faid city of Dublin, or the fuburbs or liberties thereof : and that each and every beadle or bellower of each and every parilh within the faid city and fubuibs of the faid city of Dublin or the liberties thereto adjoining, and each and every conftablc within their refpe&ive diftrfcts .or jurifdi£tions, fhall be hereby required and impowered, and each and every parifhioner or inhabitant in any of the pa-rilhes aforefaid, or any other perfon whatfoever calling to his or her affiftance the beadle of the parifh or a conftable, lhall have full power and authority to feize, and apprehend, and bring before any one of the faid governors, or any one

^ Digitized by Google

TSr eirtxmik cmd Hvtfflk Ytan ff Gtqrgc ITJ.	474

of his Msycftyk juftices of the peace of the faid city, any	A. D.

fturdy (trolling beggar or beggars, or other idle vagabond	1771*2.

or vagabonds, that fuch beadle or bellower, .conftabk» pa- Chap. 11. riihioner, and inhabitant, (ball know, find or be inform-ed of to be begging, (trolling in, or frequenting in any of the fireets, houlcs, or dther places within the faid city or fuburbs, or liberties thereto adjoining ; and the faid governor or juilice of the peace is hereby impowered ar^d required by warrant under his hand and fcal, which wairant every beadle, bellower, and con liable within the faid city, fuburbs, or liberties thereof is required to execute, and to be aiding and aififting in the execution of, to commit the faid perfon or perfous, who (half from time to time be fo apprehended upon view, or brought before him or them, or any of tiiem, to bridewell, or fuch other place as (hall for that purpofe be appointed as afore faid, there to be confined and kept to hard labour as he (hall think fit to direct in and by his faid warrant, until the next general court of afiembly ; and fuch court of affembly, there not being lefs than eleven governors prefent, if they (ball fee fulfilment cauie, (hall and may coniine fuch fturdy (trolling beggar or beggars, idle vagabond or vagabonds, or other pcifon fo committed as aforesaid, for any term or time, not longer than three years, there to be kept to hard labour, or otberwife ufefully employed as they (hall fee caufe, and (hall order and direct ; and if any beadle, or bellower, or conltable, (hall, when called or fent for by any pariihioner or inhabitant aforefaid, or other perfon, uegledl or refufe to feize, apprehend, and bring before any one of the faid governors, or any one of his Majefty’s juftices of The peace of tlie laid city, any iVurdy beggar or beggars, or other idle vagabond or vagabonds, that (hall be found begging, (trolling, or frequenting in auy of the (1 reels or houies within the faid city and fuburbs of Dublin or the liberties thereunto adjoining, or ihall otherwife be negligent or offend contrary to the intent and meaning of this a& that tbeu fuch beadle, bellower, or conftable fo ne^lcdting or refufing when called upon or Cent for as aforefaad, or fp offending, (hull for every fuch offence upon conviction thereof in a fummary way by the oath of any one credible perfiro before any general afiembly or court of affiftants, or any five of them, forfeit and pay to the faid governors for the ufc of the faid houfe the fuU fum of twenty (hillings, to be recovered in cafe of non-payment by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of the offender or offenders by warrant under the hands and feak of the (aid governors, or any eleven of them prefent at any fuch general court of afiembly, or under the hands and feals of the faid court of aififtants; and in cafe fuch beadle, bellower, 01 conilable (hall not be able to pay, or (hall not pay

the

Digitized by C300Q le

Poor foundling:* under 6 vetetvrd or lent to nurfc, fee altered by 13,

14 G. 3. c. 17. f t.

Inftrufted in religion, reading, ft c. and matters ufeful to the fund.

Governors may indent ap-prentice* to pro« teflanr traejef-men, ice.

£Jurfe» eon-vi&ed of disorder or petty fraud, committed t4 days to

biidewcll.

Tie eleventh and twelfth Years of George III. the fine impofed upon him or them for fuch offence committed againft this aft, fuch beadle, beUower, or con-• ft able in that cafe fhall be fubje& to like pains and penalties, as are by this adt impofed upon any vagabonds or beg-gars.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That all and every poor child and children under the age of fix years, who fhall be found or taken up within the faid city and liberties thereunto adjoining, or fent to the foundling hofpital, fhall be received and kept therein, or fent to nurfe therefrom ; and that all children who fhall appear to be fix years old, and whofe age fhall not be thought to (exceed eight years, and fhall be prefented to the faid governors, eleven at leaf! being prefent, or to the faid court of afiiflants, or any five or more of them, to be received or admitted into the faid houfe, fhall be by them received, provided there fhall be proper room in the faid houfe, and provided fuch child or children fo from time to time to be prefented for admiflion fhall appear to be found in mind and body.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That all children, fo received or to be received into the faid houfe, fhall, as foon as they fhall be capable, be thoroughly inftrucled in the principles of the proteflant religion of the church of Ireland as by law eftablifhed, and fhall be taught to read, write, and caft accounts, and fhall be alio inftru&ed in fuch other ufeful matters, as the faid governors, or any eleven of them, fhall think proper, and may tend to increafe the fund for the fupport of the faid houfe,

XVIII.	And be it further ena&edby the authority afore-faid, That the faid governors fhall and may from time to time, eleven at lead being prefent, or faid court of afli£ tants, five at leafl being prefent, place out apprentices by proper indentures containing ufual, legal, and reafonablc covenants, fuch and fo many of the faid children ‘ admitted or to be admitted into the faid houfe, as they fhall think proper, to perfons of the proteflant religipn following or profcfiing any art, trade, myflery, or calling, Or to feafar-ingmen, or to gentlemen or housekeepers for fervants, for any term not exceeding feven years ; in every which indenture fhall be contained a covenant, that every child fo apprenticed ihall be inllrudled, educated, and brought up during his apprenticehood in'the proteflant religipn.

XIX.	And whereas the great number of children to be received into the faid houfe will make it neceffary'alfo to entertain and keep a great number of nurfes or other attendants ; and it has been found by experience,. that great dif-orderand many petty frauds have been - committed by fuch perfons; therefore be it further cna&ed by the authority

"	;	■': ’ ’	?	aforefaidf

Digitized by

Google

v i to licenct.

The eleventh and twelfth Tear* of George III. afbrefaid, That the (aid governors of the fud founding hof-pital and woik-houfe, eleven at leaft being preient, or the faid court of afliftants, or any five or more of them, (hall have full power and authority by warrant under their hands and fcals to commit filch perfon upon conviction by the oath of one, credible witnefb, which oath the Dud governors or any five of them are hereby impowered to admmifter, that he, (he, or they have been diforderly or guilty of petty frauds in the faid houfe, to bridewell, there to be kept td hard labour for any time not exceeding fourteen days.

XX.	And whereas it is ncceflary for the fupport of the (aid foundling hofpital and work-houfe, and maintenance, education and fupport of the foundling and other poor children to be received therein, and fent to nurfe therefrom, that the fevcral fines and yearly tents, payable by the (aid a&s, to be repealed, for the carriages therein mentioned, fhould be revived and continued, and be vetted in the hid governors of the foundling hofpital and work-hoofe; and that fome further funds fhould be provided, as it is found by experience, that the numbers of children are of late years greatly increafed, and the children are brought to the hospital from allpartsof the kingdom, and from his Maiefty's neighbouring dominions : be it further enaded by the authority aforcfaid, That the (aid governors, eleven at leaft being prefent, (hall have power and authority, and they aie h^hneywn-hereby impowered and required, under their common feal, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou-as herein, iand feven hundred and feventy-two, from time to time, and at all times for ever thereafter, to licence all fuch perfons, as (hall own, keep, or drive any hackney coach, landau, chariot, pott chaife, or berlin, or other carriage drawn by two or more horfes or other beafts plying in the ftreets, and carrying for hire any perfon or perfons within the (aid city, fuburbs, and liberties, or from any part thereof, to any place not exceeding the diflance of feven miles therefrom, or plying as a ftage from the faid city or liberties to any place not exceeding the diflance of feven miles from thence ; and alfo all fuch perfons as (hall own, keep, drive, or let out for hire within the faid city, fuburbs, and liberties by the day, week, month, year, or ptherwife, any coach, landau, chariot, pofi chaife, berlin, or other carriages drawn by two or more horfes or other beads iu the w ay of job for the foie ufe of particular perfons within the (aid city, fuburbs, or liberties, and which fhall not ply for publick convenience, and alfo all fuch perfons as fhall own, keep, drive, or let out for hire within the faid city, fuburbs, or liberties any horfe or horfes, or other beafts, to draw any coach, landau, chariot, pofi chaife, or berlin in the way of job ; and alfo all fuch perfons a* fhall own, keep, drive, or let out for

hire

Digitized by LiOOQle

7he eleventh and twelfth Years of George III. hire within the faid city, fuburbs, or liberties, any hearfc or mourning coach ; and alfo all fuch perfons who (haU own, keep, drive, or carry any hackney chair, or fedan, job chair or fedan, within the laid city, fuburbs, or liberties, or any Ring’s-tnd car, chair, chaife, chaife marine, or other carriage drawn by one or more horfes or other beafts for the ufe of carrying for hire any perfon or perfons within the (aid city, fuburbs, or liberties, or within feven miles thereof, or {hall own, keep, or drive any cart, car, dray, or other carriage plying and carrying for hire any load taken up within the faid city, fuburbs, and liberties, or belonging to any brewer, and employed in that bufmefs, or within three miles thereof, or any cart, car, or other carriage, that lhall bring, carry, or draw into the faid city or liberties, be it for hire or falc, or otherwife, any bricks, /tones, fand, gravel, lime, or other materials, employed or altered 13, 14	ufe	of in building or paving, or any private cart, car,

O. 3. c. 17. f. 5. dray, or other carriage, fet up by any perfon reading within the faid city, fuburbs, or liberties, and employed in the carriage of goods or commodities, which fuch perfon fhall have on cammiffion, or fhall have fold ; and all fuch perfons as /hall keep or ufe within the faid city, fuburbs, or fiber-ties, any private chair, or fedan, for his or her own ufe ; or any perfon who fhall ply within the faid city, fuburbs, or liberties as a meffenger or porter, or carry any goods or ,	jtoetchandixe	for hire within the fame.

Hackneys XXI. Provided always, That the number of all common ' net above 300, hackney coaches, landaus, chariots, poll chaifes, or beriins, iedans 400, ice. fo to be licenced as aforefaid, fhall not exceed three himr dred, and the number of common fedan chairs to be licenced not to exceed four hundred ; and for every licence to be granted for each and every hackney coach, job coach, or Other carriage drawn by two or more horfes or any other beafts, and carrying for hire any perfon or peifons within the faid city, fuburbs, and liberties $ and for each and every COach or other carriage drawn by one or more job horfe or horfes, and for each and every hearfe and mourning coach, there fhall be paid to the faid governors, or to their officer appointed for that purpofe under their common feal, the fum of five pounds by way of fine for fuch licence ; and for every licence for every hackney chair or fedan, job chair, or fedan, the fum of ten fhillings by way of fine for fuch licence ; and for every licence for every Ring’s^eud car, chair, chaife, chaife marine, or other carriage drawn by one horfe or other beaft, and plying for and carry ing for hire any per-\	fort	or	perfons	within	the	faid	city,	fuburbs, and liberties,

the fum of thirty fhillings by way of fine for every fuch licence ; and for every dray, cart, car, or other carriage belonging to a brewer, and employed in that bufinefs in the

faid

Digitized by L»ooQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. faid city, fuburbs, and liberties, or within three miles thereof, and for every cait and car ufually plying and delivering for hire in the faid city and liberties any goods, merchandizes, or other load taken up within the faid city and liberties, the fum of twenty (hillings by way of fine for ftich licence ; and for every cart, car or other carriage, drawn by more than one horfe or other bead than one, and Employed in drawing into the faid city and liberties any bricks, ftones, fand, gravel, lime, or other material (dually employed and made ufe of in building or paving, be the fame for hire or fale othewife, the fum of twenty (hidings, by way of fine; and for every car, cart, or other carriage drawn only by one horfe or other bead, nnd employed as aforefaid, be the fame for hire, or fale, or otherwise, the fum of ten (hillings by way of line for fuch licence ; and for every private car, cart, dray, or other carriage, which (hall be fet up or kept by any peifon refiding within the faid city, fuburbs, or liberties, and be employed in the carriage of malt, com, meal, flour, fait, or any goods or commodities which fuch perfon (hall have on commiflion, and in the carriage and delivery of any goods or commodities fold by fuch perlons, the fum of twenty- fhillmgsby way of fine for fuch licence ; and for every private fedian chair, kept or ufed by any perfon for his or her own ufe, the fum of five (hillings by way of fine for fuch licence, and for every perfon, who (had ply as a meflenger or porter for hire, the fum of five (hillings by way of fine for fuch licence, before fuch licences (hall be granted refpe&ively and delivered ; and the faid fe-veia! and refpeftive licences herein before particularly mentioned (hall and may be granted after the payment of the fc* veral and refpe&ive fines before dire&ed for any term not exceeding twenty one years ; and (hall be transferable or de-vifeable by the parties, to whom the fame (hall be granted, their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, in manner herein after mentioned, and under the rents and covenants to be contained in the deeds or inftruments granting fuch licence re« fpe&ively.

XXII.	Provided always, audit is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid, That upon each and every of the faid ed on licence licences for each and cveiy hackney coach, landau, chariot, quartc|ly» pod chaife, or berlin, job coach, landau, chariot, poft chaife, or berlin, drawn by one or more job horfes, and each and every hearfe and mourning coach, there (hall be referved and made payable to the faid governors and their fucceflbrs the yearly rent or fum of forty (hillings; and for each and every common chair, or fedan job chair, or fedan, the yearly rent or fum of ten (hilling; and for each and every private fedan chair the yearly rent or fum of ten (hilling; and for each and every Ring**<nd car, chair, chaife, or chaife

marine,

Rents referv-

Digitized by

47$

A. D. 1771-2. Chap, ii.

Licence nc: transferred without consent •f it.

Every change regift ere d in a month, &c.

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. marine, the yearly rent or fum of ten {hillings; and for each and every brewers dray, cart, or car, the yearly rent or fum of twenty (hillings; and for each and every other cart and car, ufually plying and delivering for hire within the hud city, fuburbs, and liberties, any goods, merchandize, or other load taken up within the (aid city and liberties, the yearly rent or fum of ten (hillings ; and for each and every cart, car, or other carriage, that (hall be employed in drawing into the faid city or liberties, any bricks, hones, (and, gravel, lime, or other material ufuaily made life of in building or paving, there (hall be paid, if drawn by more than one horfe or other bead, the yearly rent or fum of ten (hillings, and if only by one horfe or other bead the yearly rent or fum of five lhillings ; and for each and every private car, cart, dray, or other carriage, kept and employed as aforefaid in the carriage of goods or commodities as aforefaid, the yearly rent or ium of ten (hillings ; and for each and every perfon thereby impowered to ply as a mef-fenger or porter the yearly rent or fum of four (hillings; the faid feveral and refpe&ive rents to be paid quarterly at the four ufual days of payment in every year, viz. on every twenty-ninth day of September, twenty-fifth day of December, twenty-fifth day of March, and twenty-fourth day of June, with fuch covenants, conditions, and provifoes therein to be mferted for the more effe&ual payment thereof, or better regulations of the perfons receiving fuch licence, and their affigns refpe&ively, as the faid governors or any eleven of them in their diferetion (hall think fit.

XXIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thouiand (even hundred and feventy-two, no perfon or per-fons, who is or hereafter may be poffefTed of any licence or licences, (hall transfer or affign the fame, except by devife, to any perfon or perfons without the confent and approbation of the laid governors, or any eleven of them, or the court of affifUnts, being firfl had and obtained for that purpofe : but that every fuch affignment or transfer {hall be indorfed upon the back of the deed granting faid- licence, and be figned by two or more of the faid governors fo confenting as a teflimony of their confent and approbation ; and if any perfon or perfons {hall prefume to transfer or affign any licence or licences contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, fuch transfer or affignment {hall be null and void, and the licence or licences thereby affigned {hall be forfeited to the faid governors.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That an entry {hall be made of every grant, affignment, transfer, devife of or change of property in every fuch licence, iu a numerical book or books, to be kept by

the

Digitized by

Google

7 be eleventh and twelfth Years of George III. the regifter of the faid foundling hofpital and work-houfe foe that purpofe, within one month after foch grant, alignment, transfer, change of property in, or devife; which entry (hall be figned by or have the mark of every fuch grantee, affignee, devifee, or perfon. pofleffed of the fame, put thereunto in the prefence of the faid regifter, who (hall countersign the (ame, and be made in the following words:

477 A. D.

l77i-2. Chap, ii.

A. B. of	in	the city of Dublin,

or liberty of	doth	regifier	a grant, of-

Jignmtnt, or devife (as the cafe Jhall happen to be) of licence to keep N°.	dated	the	day	of

one thoufand feven hundred and made unto him by entered this	day	of	one thoufand

feven hundred and

for the making of which entry the fum of fix pence, and no more, (hall be paid to the faid regifter; to which book and books every perfon concerned (hall have free accefs to infpeCt at all limes without fee or reward: and in cafe where any perfon (hall have obtained poffelion of any fuch licence by means of the sight to the poffeflion thereof having devolved upon him by the death of any perfon to whom the fame was granted!, devifed, transferred in manner herein mentioned intellate, then the words a grant, alignment or ebevife of	and	alfo	the	words

dated the	day	of	one	thou

fond feven hundred and made unto him by

(hall be omitted, and inftead of thefe latter words (hall be in-ferted which tame unto him by the death of inteftate. And in cafe no fuch entry (hall made within the fpace of one month after fuch grant, devife, or alignment, or change of property, every fucli grantee, devifee, or aiiignee, or perfon poftefted of and ufing the fame, (hall upon fuch failure forfeit the full fum of one year's rent contained in and referved by faid licence; to be recovered and difpofed of as is herein after mentioned; and in cafe uo fuch entry (hall be made within the fpace of three months after fuch grant, devife, or a(Iignment, then every foch grant, devife, or alignment, (hall be and is hereby declared to be null and void; and every fuch licence (hall be forfeited to the faid governors.

XXV. Provided always. That no fuch confent or ap-	Arrears fiift probation (hall be given, nor no fuch entry made, until all Pai(i-arrears due upon faid licence be irft paid oft anddifeharged.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

faid. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one age^&c^with-

thoufand out licence.

47*  A. D.  1771-2. Chap. it.	The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George Ilf. thoufand feven hundred and feventy*two, no perfem fhaff prefume to own, keep, or drive any hackney coach, landau, chariot, poft chaife, berlin, job coach, landau, chariot, poll chaife, berlin, or any other carriage drawn by two or more beaft or beads, and carrying for hire by the hour, day, week, month, or year, or any other fpace of time, anyper-fon or perfons, or to own, keep, drive, or let out to hire any beaft or beafts to draw any coach, landau, chariot, poft chaife, or berlin in the way of job, or any hearfe or mourning coach, within the faid city, fuburbs, or liberties, without .fuch licence being firft obtained from the faid governors as aforefaid, under the penalty of ten pounds for each and every fuch offence ; or to own, keep, or earry within the faid city and liberties any hackney chair, or fedan job chair, or fedan, without fuch licence being firil obtained, under the penalty of five pounds for every fuch offence ; or to keep or ufe any private chair or fedan without fuch licence as aforefaid, under the penalty of twenty pounds for every fuch offence ; or to own, keep, or drive any RingVend car, chair, chaife, or chaife marine without fuch licence as aforefaid, under the penalty of forty (hillings for every fuch offence ; or to own, keep, or drive any dray, cart, car, or other carriage employed in the bufinefs of a brewer m the faid city, fuburbs, and liberties, or within three miles thereof, without fuch licence, under the penalty of thirty (hillings for every fuch offence ; or to own, keep, or drive any other cart or car, dray, or other carriage, for which a licence is directed by this aft to be taken out, without fuch licence being firft obtained, under the penalty of twenty (hillings for every fuch offence ; or to ply as a meffenger or porter for hire within the faid city, fubuidis, or liberties, without fuch licence, under the penalty of five (hillings for every fuch offence ; which faid re-fpeftive penalties are to be recovered and difpofed of, as is herein after direfted.

Liable to be XXVII. And be it further enafted by the authority feized if not li aforefaid, That every hackney coach, landau, chariot, poft cenced as herein, chaife, or berlin, job coach, landau, chariot, poll chaife, berlin, and coach, landau, chariot, poft chaife, or berlin,

	drawn by one or more job horfes, hearfe or mourning coach, or hackney chair, or fedan, job chair or fedan, Ring’s-end car, chair, chaife, or chaife marine, and every dray, cart, car, or other carriage, fubjeft to a fine for a licence by virtue of this aft, and which (hall be found plying for hire, or employed contrary to the intent and meaning of this aft within the faid city, fuburbs* and liberties, without fuch licence being firft obtained, and every private chair or fedan, which (hall be in ufe or employment or keeping without fuch licence being firft obtained, and that alfo every brewer’s dray, cart, car, or other carriage, which (hall be found in 6 the

Digitized by Google

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.

47*

the fa*d city, fuburbs, and liberties, or within three miles	A, D.

thereof, and employed in that bufinefs, without foch li-	1771-2.

cetice being fir ft obtained, whereby the owners, keepers. Chap. 11* carrier or driver of the fame (hall have incurred any of the penalties aforefaid, (hall be feir.ed, and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon to feize fuch carriage, chair, or fedan, and the fame together with the horfe, horfes, or Other bead or beads drawing the fame, with all the harnefs &nd accoutrements thereunto belonging, to lodge in the yard of faid work houfe with the treafurer, or in hisabfencc with fome other known officer of the faid houfe, or in fomc other convenient place ; or the fame to deliver to any beadle or bellower of any pari(h within the city, fuburbs, or liberties, or to any conftable therein, who is hereby required forthwith to lodge the fame in manner aforefaid ; and the t faid treafurer, or m his abfence fuch other officer of the faid houfe as aforefaid, is hereby required to detain the fame, unlcfs the faid feveral penalties for the faid rcfpe&ive carriages, chairs, or fedans, (hall be paid with sill cofts at.d charges attending the feizing of the fame, or the maintenance of any beaft or beafts drawing the fame, until the court of affiftants, or any five or more of them, (hall meet, who are hereby impowered to inquire into faid matters, and to examine thereunto all fuch perfons, as they (hall think proper, upon oath, which they are hereby impowered to adminifter; and if it (hall appear to them upon fuch inquiry, that fuch carriage, chair, or fedan has incurred any of the penalties or forfeitures aforefaid, that then they the faid court of afliftants, or any five of them, (hall by warrant under their hands and feals direft the treafurer or other officer of faid houfe as aforefaid to fell fuch carriages and harnefs, and accoutrements, with the horfes or other beafts fb feized and lodged as aforefaid, or if the faid carriage be not a kack-ney or job carriage, but that one or more of the horfes drawing the fame be a job horfe or horfes, then to fell fudi job horfe or horfes with the harnefs, and to fell any fuch fedan ; and by fuch faleto raife the faid penalties due for the faid refpe&ive carriages, horfes, chair, or fedan, together with the cofts and charges attending the feizing of the fame, and the maintenance of any beaft drawing the fame, and a fum of	after

the rate of one (hilling in the pound of every fuch penalty for his trouble in felling the fame, unlefs the faid penalties with the faid cofts and charges (hall be fully paid within three days from the date of the faid warrant, fo to be granted as aforefaid.

XXVIII. And if any perfon (hall hinder or obftruft the . Obftru&ion, feizing or conveying to, or lodging at aforefaid, any fuch	r°erfc“'*

carriage and harneU, accoutrements, or the horfe, horfes,	*

or

Digitized by kjOOQle

Lord Mayor, fcc. on complaint, on oath.

ance of civil power,

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. or other bead or beads drawing the fame, or any fucji fr-dan; or if the (aid treafurer or other officer, after fuch carriage or carnages* horfe, horfes, or other bead or beads, or fedan chair (hall be feized, (hall be obftru&ed in the fale thereof, when authorized thereunto, or if any perfon (hall ufe or offer any violence to the perfon concerned in makings fuch feizure or (ale, or (hall refeue or attempt to refeue, any fuch feizure, be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-fajd. That every fuch perfon fo offending (hall upon conviction thereof before any juftice of peace for the faid city upon the oath of one credible perfon, which oath fuch juftice is hereby impoweredto adminitter, forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of five pounds, and for non payment of fuch forfeiture, be committed to gaol, and there hnprifoned for three months and no longer.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That upon complaint made, and it appearing to the lord mayor, the (heriffs of the city of Dublin, or any jullice of

peace of the city or county, who (hall examine on oath the perfons fo complaining, if he thinks proper, that any hindrance or obftrudtion has been, or any violence ufed as aforefaid, or refeue intended or attempted, the faid lord mayor, the faid (heriffs or juftice, is and are hereby not only impowered but required immediately to give the fulled af-fiftance of the civil power, which by law they are hereby enabled to do on any occafion whatfoever, to the end that fuch carriage or carriages, horfe or horfes, or other beaft or beafts, or fedan chair, may be feized, lodged, aud fold, as hereby is particularly and refpe&ively dire&ed.

XXX.	And for the more effectual preventing of faid offences, whereby the revenues of the faid houfe might be confiderably diminifhed, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the faid governors, or any eleven or more of them, Or the court of affiftants, or any five of them, (hall at any time be informed, or have reafon to believe, that any carriage, chair, or fedan has plyed, or been drawn, carried, ufed, kept, or emplyed within the faid city, fuburbs, or liberties, without licenfe, contrary to the intent and meaning of this a£t, it (ball and may be lawful to and for the faid governors, or any eleven or more, and for the faid court of affiftants, or any five of them, to fum-mon all and every perfon or perfons, whom they lhail fuf-pe6l to be guilty of any of faid offences, and to enquire thereunto in manner aforefaid; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall not appear on the day appointed in faid fum* mons, provided the faid fummons lhall have been left four days before the faid day at his, her, or their ufual place of abode, or he, or (he, or they (hall have been perfonally

ferved

Perfon* fuf-pedted of ufing without licence fummoned, and not appearing, committed till penalty paid, and 4C* to informer.

Digitized by CjOOQle

TTlr eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.	j

forced therewith, or fliall be convifted of any of the faid of- A. D. fencca before the court |f a&darns, or any fivfc of them, 1771-a. tueo by warrant under their hands and feals to commit fuch Chap. IX. perfon to Bridewell, or any other place they lhall think pro-per, there to be kept to hard labour until he, fhe, or they IhUl pay the penalty incurred for faid offence by virtue of this act, and lhall alio pay to the perfon or perfons informing of the faid offence the fum of forty Ihillings over and above laid penalties.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- pjying faid. That every perfon, who (hall ply as a meffenger or out licence potter for hire within the faid city, fuburbs ’or liberties punilhed. without fuch iicenfe, as is required and made necefiary, for

fuch perfon by this aft, (hall and may be feized, apprehended, committed, and punilhed, in the fame manner as is hereby enabled for and in refp*ft to idle or drolling vagabonds or beggars.

XXXII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That each and every carriage and fedan chair, for which a licence is by this aft to be obtained, lhall have a mark of diltinftion, exprefling the number t>f fuch carriage, affixed thereunto in whatever manner the faid gover- Number nor*, or eleven of them, or the faid court of alMants, or affixed, any five of them, lhall think proper, fo that fuch mark of diltinftion on all hackney carriages or fedan chairs for the publick ufe lhall be molt confpicuous, and that fuch mark of diltinftion on all job or other carriage, or fedan chairs for

the ufe of particular private perfons, lhall be put on in a more private and lefs confpicuous manner: and that every moft con. hackney coach, landau, poll chaife, chariot, and beriin, or fpicuous in thofil ftage coach, for which a Iicenfe is by this aft to be obtained, for publick ufe, lhall conllantly and at all times befides the mark or number &c* aforefaid have painted on the pannel of each door, and on the front and rere pannel, and every RingVend car, chair, chaife, or chaife marine, On the rere pannel where arms or cyphers are ufually painted, the chrillian and firnamc of the real owner or keeper thereof at full length, together with the place of his abode, in plain, large, legible letters, and lhall alio on each of the fide pannefs, where crclts are ufually painted, have painted in plain legible figures the number contained in the mark aforefaid. And that every perfon, who lhall blot out, defacp, change, or take off the faid mark of diltinftion or figure on the faid painting, or any of laid letters, names, or figures, or lhall omit to affix fuch mark, or to have the panntls painted in manner aforefaid, or lhall own, keep, or drive, or employ any carriage, chair, or chaife, or fedan without fuch mark, and without fuch painting on the pannels, where the fame is by this'aft required, lhall be conlidered to all intents and purpofes as . Vol. V.	Hh	havii^

Digitized by L.ooQle

Meflengm or farter* number-td.

Not maintaining publick carriage or fedan in l month after licence, penalty

St

Unleft licence lufrendercd.

None to have at one time above two fuch Kcenfei, &c. as herein.

The eleventh and twelfth Teart of George III* having owned, kept, ufed, driven, or employed the fame without a licence, and be fubjeft to the feveral penalties, forfeitures, and puniftiments, hereby enabled for fuch offences re fptftivdy.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That each and every perfon, who is required by this aft to obtain a licence for plying as a meffenger or porter for hire, (hall have a mark affixed to his upper gar* ment over his breaft, made of brafs, and expreffing in plain ligible charafters, the number of fuch licence, formed and to be worn in fuch manner as the (aid governors, or any eleven or more of them, or the court of affiftants, or any five of them, (hall direft, and for failure thereof either in obliterating, covering, or defacing, or not at all times wearing and expofing to view faid mark in manner aforefaid (hall be deemed as afting without a licenfe, and be fubjeft to every pain and penalty in (lifted by this aft for fuch licence.

XXXIV.	And whereas perfons may obtain licences for keeping hackney coaches, landaus, chariots, poft chaifes, ftage coaches, or other carriages, or fedan chairs for hire in and about the city of Dublin, and the liberties thereunto adjoining, and may not put up hackney coaches, or other carriages, or fedan chairs, conformable thereto, whereby the publick will be deprived of their ufe and convenience: for remedy whereof, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon, who (hall obtain or receive a licence for keeping a hackney coach, or other hackney carriage, or hackney fedan chair, for publick ufe, and (hall not within one month after obtaining or receiving fuch licenfe keep and maintain fuch carriage or fedan chair in confequence of fuch licence for the ufe and convenience of the publick, and continue fo to do during the continuance of his or her licence, and who (hall theteof be convifted by the oath of one credible witnefs before the faid governors, or any eleven or more of them, or the faid court of affiftants, or any five of them, which oath they are hereby empowered to adminifter, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch negleft, to be recovered by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods by warrant under the hands and feals of the faid governors, or any eleven of them, or the faid court of affiftants, or any five of them, and to be difpofed of in manner herein after direfted.

XXXV.	Provided always, That incafe any perfons fo afore-offending (hall furrender his licenfe to the faid governors, the faid fine or penalty (hall not be levied.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons (hall have at any one time in his, her, or their name, or in the name of any other per-

»,	.	5

Digitized by L,ooQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. fon in trufl for him, her, or them, more than two fuch llcenfed hackney or job chairs, or fedan ; and in cafe the faid governors, or any eleven of them, or the faid couit of aidants, or any five or more of them, {hall be informed or have reafon to fufpeft, that any perfon or perfons have therein offended, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid governors, or any eleven of them, or the faid court of affidants, or any five of them, to fummon fuch perfon or perfons to appear before them at the time and place in fuch fummons mentioned ; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons after fuch fummons, fo as the fame be ferved perfonally, or at his or her place of abode, twenty four hours before the time appointed for his or their appearance, (hall negleft to appear without fome reafonable caufe for fo doing, or if after appearance it fhall be found by the confeffion of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or other due proof, that fuch perfon or perfons have fo offended contrary to this aft (which oath the faid governors, or any eleven of them, or the faid court of afliftants, or any five of them, havr* hereby power to adminifter) every perfon or perfons fo offending (hall forfeit all the licences for chairs or fedans, granted to them by virtue of this aft, or which he, {he, or they fhall be intitled unto by devife, allignmcnt, or othenvife ; and fuch licences are hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purpofes what* foever.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority Rent in arrear aforefaid, for the rtcovery of the rent referved upon the 21 d*v% levied faid feveral licences, that in cafe the fame or any part there- hy d«ftreft and of (hall be behind and in arrear by the fpace of twenty one	**

days after any of the days appointed for the payment of the lame, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid governors, or any eleven or more, or the court of afliftants, or any five of them, to raife and levy the fame by diilrefs and (ale of the goods and chatties of the owner, proprietor, or

Cntee, or aflignee of fuch licenfe, by warrant under their ids and feals; and in cafe the fame (hail be behind and unpaid by the fpace of thirty one day9 after any of the days appointed for the payment of the fame, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid governors, or any eleven or more, or the court of afliftants, or any five of them, to commit the owner, proprietor, grantee, or affignee to gaol, or any other place, there to be detained and confined until the fame, and all cofts attending the non-payment thereof, be fully paid and fatisfied ; and in cafe the lame fhall be behind or unpaid for or by the fpace of forty one days after any of the days appointed for the payment thereof, that then the faid licence or licences fo granted fhall be foifeitcd, and become null and void : and before a new licence or li-H h 2	cences

Arrears recovered. and

«1 may in-

ereafe fine* or rent*, and make regulations.

fTbe slrunfli atvj twelfth Tear of George HI. cptlfc* £an or ihall be granted to fuch perfoo or perfons fo negleftic^g to pay the laid rent by the tierce or times afore-faid, be, die, or they (hall pay not only all arrears of rent due at the time of forfeiting fuch licence or licences, but (hall alfo pay for fuch new licence or licence? pne fourth more, than was paid for the licence or licences fp forfcitefl AS aforefaid.

XXXVIII.	Provided, That nothing herein contained (hall prevent the faid governors from proceeding againft the

beTcfufcdTmiy <yvvn*r or proprietors	carriages	forfeiting	bis licence

for the recovery of all arrears of rent, by the remedies herein before mentioned, or otherwife; and that the faid governors may, if they think proper, refufe to grant a new licence or licences to any perfou or perfons, who fhall have forfeited any licence or licences granted by virtpe of this aft.

XXXIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid governors, or any twenty one or more of them* in cafe they fhall fee occafion, from time to time, and at any time after five years from tlie twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two, to alter and increafe the fines to be paid, or the rents to be referved upon the licences to be thereafter granted, provided the fame be not in-creafcd above one fourth part more than the fines and rents herein before particularly mentioned and exprefled, and to make fuch rules, orders, and regulations for that purpofe, as to them fhall leem meet, aud to alter, vary, amend, or annuli the fame.

XL. Provided neverthelefc. That every fi,ich alteration, variation, rule, order, regulation, amendment, or repeal, be approved of by the Ltd chancellor, or lords commif-fioners of the great feal, and the chief judges, or ?nj .three of them.

XLI. And whereas all kinds of provifions both for man and hone, and the prices of carriages and manufaftures, arc of late years greatly eucreafed, and the rate? of hackney ccaehcs and fedan chairs have not for thefe many years pail been enlarged, fo that it is highly reafoaable, juft, and ab-folutely necdury, in order the better to enable the owners of carriages to provide good carriages and horfes for the better accommodation of the publick at all times, and to pay the rents to be referved on their refpeftive licences, that their fares and rates of hire fhould be increafed : and whereas

Approved by lord chancellor, Arc.

Neceflity to

mere ale the

feres,

it would itrve to a fee; tain more clearly the fame, if the city* of D-nbiin, and the fuln.rbs and liberties thereof, were dt-

to afeerta'n the fares, and. for i-o other purpidV, the city

divided into the vided into different quarters or wards : be it further enaft-lo I lowing ward 3 ej by the authority aforefaid, that the faid city and fuburbs* cntiL mU tln ai]d liberties thereof, he for the purpofe of direfting and af-cataiuiiig the rates and fates jto be taken by fuch carriages

chaicra

Digitized by Google

*fte eleventh and fveefftb Teat* 6f George Ilf. dfettrs, or fcdan*, and for no other purpofe what Lever, divided to manner following, (that is to fay) that fo much thereof as fc contained within the following bounds or circuit, drawn* from the old bridge up Church Street as far as Channtll Row, now called Brunfwick Street, fo weflerly round Sto-Hey Batter, Arbor Hill, the Barracks, as far as the publiek lamps go to the river Liffey, and along that river to the faid Old Bridge aforefaid, be ont divifion, and be called the Barrack Quarter; and that fo much thereof as is contained Within the following bounds or circuit, drawn from the Old Bridge aforefaid through Bridge Street, New Row, part of ^Thomas Street, Francis Street, through New Row on the Pod* die, through Mill-ftreet, and fo round north well, as far a4 the publiek lamps go, to the river Liffey, and along that fiver to the Old Bridge, be one other divifion, and be called the Work-houfe Quarter. And that fo much thereof as is contained within tne following bounds or eircuk, drawU from the river Liffey, up Lower and Middle Liffey Street through Denmark Street, formerly called Upper LifFey Street, into Great Britain Street, through Rider's Row to Dorfct Street, taking in Henrietta Street, and along Dorset Street, and down eafterly, as far a9 the publiek lampfc go, to the river LifFey, be one other divifion, and be called Che Rotunda Quarter. And that fo much thereof as is contained writ hin the following bounds or circuit, drawn fvorA the river Liffey oppofite Anglefea Street through Anglofca Street, acfofs College Green, through Trinity L»ri?, Iiog Hill, now called Saint Andrew's Street, William Street, ad*-joining Mercer's Hofpital, through Lane, now calk'd Mercer's Street, acrofs York Street into Little Cuffe Street, through part of Big Cuffe Street, into K( van's Port, ani as far as the publiek lamps go along Kevan’s Port, Mil-town Road, Northumberland Street, and the farther end of Merrion Square to the River Liffey, and along that rivet to Anglefea* Street, be one other divifion, and be called Stephens Green Quarter. And that fo much thereof as is c >n-tained within tTie following bounds, that is to fay, the Work-houfe Quarter on the weft fide the river Lift v, the northward fide Stephen's Green Quarter on the eaft fi le, and the extremity of the publiek lamp* on the Lurk fide, be one other divifion, and be called the Caftle Quarter. A nd that fo much thereof as is contained within tiie following bounds, that is to fay, the Rotunda Quarter on the eaft or north eaft fide, the Barrack Quarter on the w eft fide, the rivet*

Liffey on the South fide, and the extremities of the publiek lamps on the north and north weft fide, be one other divifion, and be called the Middle Quarter. And that from and after the twenty fourth day at June, one thoufand feven bmxke^ and feventy two, iaftegd <?£ &e fares and rates new Dublin

appoint H

if ^ovemort to rt!' fare* an ’ rites in

Digitized by v^ooQle

466 A. Df

1771-2-Chap. ii.

Firci of cotchcf holding 4 by the day or hour, Stc.

4» herein.

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. appointed to be taken, there may be demanded, and /ball be paid, fuch fares and rates for a fet down by any fedan chair within the faid city, fuburbs, and liberties, and for a fetdown by any coach, landau, chariot, poftchaife, berlin, RingVend car, chaife, or chaife marine, within the faid city, fuburbs, or liberties, or within feven miles of the fame, as /hall be fettled, ordained, and regulated by the faid go* vernors, or pny twenty-one or more of them, which they are hereby impowered and required to do, fettle, and regulate, as foon as they conveniently can after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and feventy two ; provided that fuch rates (hall not exceed one third piore, than what is now allowed by law for a fet down from any place within any one quarter to any place within the fame quar-ter by a fedan chair at any time between the hours of fix in the morning and twelve at night, the fum of fix pence halfpenny, and between the hours of twelve at night and fix in the morning the fum of thirteen pence ; and by a hackney coach or landau, holding with convenience four perfons, at any time between the hours of fix in the morning and twelve at night, the fum of ten pence, and at any time between the hours of twelve at night and fix in the mQrning the fum of fifteen pence; and for a fe{ down from gny place within any of the faid quarters to any other place, not within the fame quarter, by fuefi fedan chair, coach, or landau, at any time between the hours of fix in the morning and twelve at night, the fum of thirteen pence, and at any time between the hours of twelve at night and fix in the morning, the fum of one fhdling and fi$* pence.

XLII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore? faid, That every owner, keeper, or driver of any £uph lau? dau or coach, or cpach holding with convenience four perr font, /hall and may demand, and /hall be paid for the hire .pf fuch coach or landau, within the faid city or liberties, or with* in feven miles thereof, for twelve hours, between fix o’clock in the morning and twelve at night, the fum pf ten /hillings; and by the hour eighteen pence for the firft hour, and teri pence for eyery hour after; and eighteen pence for. every hour between twelve at night and fix in the morning ; and that the owner, keepers, or carriers of every fuch fedan chair, (hall and may demand, and (hall be paid for the hire of fuch chair, for twelve hours, between fix in the morning and twelve at night, the fum pf four /hillings ^nd. four pence; find by the hour thirteen pence for the firft hour and nine pence for every hour after between the faid times; and eighteen pence for the firft l\our an<* thirteen pence for every jiour after between twelve o’clock at night and fix in the jnorning; and that for eve^y chariot, poftchaife, oc berlin, ,	,	,	>	not

Digitized by t^ooQle

Regulations

The tbixntb and twelfth Tears of George III. tot holding with convenience four oerfoni, only three fourth* of the rates and hires above ena&ed for coaches and landaus (hall or may be demanded or taken ; that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid governors, or any twenty or more of them, to fettle, regwate, and ordain the fc-veral fares to be demanded or taken, and weights to be carried by every car, cart, dray, or other carnage carrying for hire any load taken up within the faid city, fuburbs, or liberties, to any place within the fame, or within four miles thereof, and that the owners, keepers, or drivers of every Ring*s-end car, chair, or chaife marine, (hall or may demand, and (hall be paid for his hire for twelve hours between fix in the morning and twelve at. night the fum of four (hillings and four pence; and by the hour ten pence for the firft hour, and five pence for every hour after.

XLIII. Provided always, That every rule, order, regulation, or bye law, fo to be made by the faid governers or jorj^hanccilor apy twenty one of them for the fettling, ordaining, or regu- ^	*

luting the laid rates or fares, be firft approved of by the lord chancellor, or lords commiffioners of the great fcal, and the chief judges, or any three of them % and that the faid governors, or any twenty one or more, (hall have full power and authority from time to time, and at all times for ever from mod after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty two, to alter, vary, encrcafe, or raife, the feveral fares and rates herein before ena&ed, or to be by them from time to time fettled, fo as that every fuch alteration be firft approved of in manner aforefaid, before it can be valid or take place.

XL»IV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Cats csirrrin^ (aid. That every lowback car, or other carriage drawn by ptrfon* licenf«£ one horfe or other bead, and that (hall carry for hire any au«l confidcre4 perfon or perfons within the faid city, fuburbs, and liberties,ts or within feven miles thereof, (hall take out the fame b'cence * with and be confidered to all intents and purpofes as a Ring’s-end car, chaife, or chaife marine, and th« owner, driver, or keeper thereof be confidered to all intents and purpofes as the owner, driver, or keeper of a Ring’s-end car, chaife, or chaife marine, and be fubjetl to every order, provifo, regulation, penalty and forfeiture, ena&ed, ordained, or eftablifhed, by this prefent acl, or to be enabled, ordained, or eftabliftied by virtue thereof, in rcfp^cl of any Ringfend car, chaife, or chaife marine, and the owner, driver, or keeper thereof, except as to what regard the name and abode of the owner, and the number of his mark being painted thereon : 3nd if the owner, keeper, driver, or carriers ^ingmore, of. any of the faid carriages or fedan chair, (hall exa6t more	farc>

for his hire than the feveral rates hereby limited, or hereafter n<r ai,0YC to be limitted, by virtue gf this a&> or leave his or their penalty.

fare

488

A. D.

* 771-2.

Chap. 11.

11 governors tnay make orders binding on own &c. with penalties not above 40*. and fufpend licence, ice.

The eleventh and twelfth Fears of George Iti-fare without permifiiorr^ the owner or proprietor of any fud*

carriage or fedan, or the grantee or aflignee of the liccnfe obtained for the fame, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit si fum not lefs than twenty (hilllings, and not exceeding forty (hillings, to be recovered before the faid governors, or any eleven of them, or the laid court of afliilants, or any five of them, on proof thereof upon the oath of any one credible witnefs, and'to be levied, in cafe the fame be not infant-ly paid, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of the proprietor or owner of eveiy fuch carriage by warrant under the hands and feals of the faid governors, or any eleven of them, or the faid court of afiiilants, or any five of them, together with one (hilling in the pound to the per-fon levying the fame for his trouble, and to be difpofed of in manner herein after directed ; and the driver or carrier of any fuch carriage or fedan, not being the owner thereof, who fhall exadl or demand more than the rates herein mentioned, or leave his fare without permifiion, fhall for everp fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten (hillings ; to he levied as aforefaid, and for the ule herein after mentioned, or be pub-lickly whipped through the flreets, at tfie diferetion of the governors, or any eleven of them, or the (aid court of aiM> ant% or any five of them.

XLV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That for the better reguViting and preferring decency and order am eng ft the owners, drivers, keepers, and carriers of any of the faid carriages, fedan, and other perfbns fo to be liecnfed as aforefaid, and for preventing disturbances, floppages, and other inconveniences in the flreets and places where fnch carriages and iedans fhall Hand, be driven, or carried, and for punifhing the owners, keepers, driver or carrier of any fuch carriage or fedan for pubhek ufe, who fhall refufe to go for hire, when not actually employed and paid for waiting, and for punifhing any rudenefs, in-fult, or mill ehaviour in every fuch coachman, chairman, driver, or carrier, h fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid governors, eleven at lead being prefent, to ifcakefuch rules, orders, and byelaws to bind all and every the perfons, who fhall own, keep, drive, or carry any fuch of the carriages and fedans fo to be licenfedas aforefaid, or who fhall obtain any licenfe under this a&, and annex fuch reafonable penalties and forfeitures, not exceeding forty (hillings, for the breach of anyone fuch byelaw, or to make void and fufpend the licence or licences of every offender, or to fub-ject the driver or carrier to corporal punifhment by fending them to the houfe of correction, there to be whipped and kept to hard labour for any time not lefs than three days, and not exceeding ten days, or by caufing to be publicity vvhipt through the flreets of the city of Dublin, fo as fuch 4 v ^ '	roles,

Digitized

?ed by Google

The eleventh and Pmelfth Teart ef Geotfge III. rules, orders, regulations, and byelaws be approved of by the lord chancellor, or lords commiflioners of the great feai, and the three chief judges for the time being, or any three af them, and after fucli approbation fliall be printed and pofted up on the Th >liel of the city of Dublin, and the foundling hofpital and vrork houfe, and fuch other places at the (aid governors lhall appoint; and the faid court of af-fcftants, or any live of them, lhall and hereby have full povter and authority to enquire into the breach of every* rule or byelaw, order, or regulation, fo thdde and approved, and to correct the fame by fuch ways and methods, as they fhatl think proper, if the lame be not particularly pointed out by this att, or by tl>e faid rules and byehrws.

XLVI. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Not paying

faid. That if any perfon or perfons Ihnll iefufe or ntgtefl to jVrc> ‘ab*0* * f ^	,1	•	r	i	r	been fed cam-

pay airy owner, keeper, driver, or earner of amy luch h- , fatiHfa&ion

emced carriage or fedari his jufi and lawful hire, or fhVl Awarded, fcc,

wilfully cut, deface, or break any fuch carriage or f><lnn fo

Ircenfed, it lhall and may be lawful to and for thr faid

court of afliftants, or any five or more of them, upon con*-*

plaint thereof to gTant a fummons, requiring fuch perfons to

appear before them at a certain time and place to anfw^r

fuch complaint, and upon proof being made of the perfonal

fervice of fuch fummons at leaft twenty four hours before

the time appointed for appearance, then to Hear, coufider,

and examine into the matter of the faid complaint, and to

award reafonable fatisfa&ion to the party grieved for his das-

mage and colts, and upon refufal to pay or make fuch fatis-

faction to grant a warrant under their hands and feals

levying the fame by dillrefs and immediate fale of the goods

ami chatties of the party, againll whom fuch complaint lhall

be made.

XLVII. And whereas a number of hackney coaches', cba fe3, drays, carts and ra.*s have been I icon fed under one not expired or more of the ads of Parliament liereby to be repealed, R°°d tor and the owners of the faid curt!, and cars did duly pny the hues on being iicenfed, but the poverty of the owners of hackney coaches, and hackney chafes, obliged the governors of the faid work-houfe to take bonds for the fines payable oa a certain day from the perfon or perfons applying for the licence of fuch coaches and chaifes, led the publick might be deprived of the convenience of fuch carriages:	and

whereas the obliging fuch perfons to take out new licences, and pay new' fines in confcquence of this aft, would be un-uft : therefore be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That each and every licence, which has been fo granted, aadis not yet expired, (hall be deemed as goo4»nd efle&ual ‘ *	foe

Former licence*

I;

Digitized by

Google

Tio eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. for the term in faid licence contained, as if the faid a£U wer6 to continue in full force.

XLVIII. Provided neverthelefs. That every fuch licence, _ and perfons who poffefs or fhall poflefs the fame, fhall be fub-6ut fubjed to jc& to all and every the rules, orders, regulations, penalties, Lc wherein^ P1"0^068* remedies, and conditions in this a& contained for or refpe&ing any licence or licences to be granted by virtue of this a & ; and alfo that the fines have bona fide been paid, or the bonds for the fame have been or fhall be difeharged on the days, on which the fame are payable, and that every covenant and agreement in the faid licences contained has been fully performed and kept, but if the faid bonds have not been or fhall not be difeharged on the days, on which the fame were or are made payable, or that the faid covenants and agreements have not been or fhall not be performed, then the faid licence or licences (hall be forfeited, and the faid governors fhall fue for, and they are hereby en* abled to recover the feveral fums, for which thefe bonds were given, with all coils and charges, and alfo to fue for and recover all arrears of rent due for fuch licences ; and if any licence or licences fhall be granted to fuch perfons, they muft pay for the fame fuch additional fine or fines as by this a<ft is or are direfted to be paid in cafe of a new licence after forfeiture of the old one.

XLIX. Provided alfo, That any perfon who has received any fuch licence by transfer, alienation, or devife, and who has performed all the requifites, by the faid a&s or any of them made neceffary for the confirmation of fuch transfer, alienation, or devife, and ihall enter the fame with the regifter before die fourteenth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two, in manner prescribed by this ad, and fhall fulfill all and every the rules, orders, and regulations herein contained, fhall not be fubjed to penalties or forfeitures preferibed by this ad to be inflided on perfons receiving fuch licence without confent of the governors herein appointed, or negleding to enter the fame within a certain time.

6d*ptr pound L. And be it further enadedby the authority aforefeid, mini fters’ mo- That for the better fupport of the faid foundling hofpital and workhoufc, and for the maintenance and education of all the children which have been or fhall be received therein, there fhall be charged upon and paid unto the faid governors and their fucceflors from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two, for ever thereafter for all and every the houfes within the feveral parifhes within the faid city of Dublin, and the liberties of Saint Sepulchre’s, Thomas-Court and Donore, and the liberties of Chriil Church and St. Patrick’s thereto adjoining, and within the fuburbs of faid city, whether in

{aid

Licences by transfer. Sec. requifites performed, not fubjed to penalties.

ney, charged on every houfe, &c,

Digitized by CjOOQle '

The eleventh and twelfth Yean of George III. hid county or city, in all fuch places extra taroebial within the (aid county and liberties, the fum of fix pence in the pound yearly and every year for every pound of the yearly rent of every fuch houfe or houfes, as the valuations are returned for the collection of minilters money in the city, fuburbs, and liberties aforefaid; and where no fuch valuations are or (hall be returned for the collection of mimfters moneys or fuch houfe or houfes is or (hall be built in a place extra parochial, the fum of fix pence in the pound yearly seconding to the rent payable by the tenants in pof-feffion ; and in cafe fuch rent be only a ground rent, then according to the rent fuch houfe might be fet for to a fol- „ ig^befet to vent tenant; which (aid fum of fix pence in the pound (hall folvent tenant, from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand by i$ and 16 feven hundred and feventy two, be veiled in the faid gover* (J 3* «• 15. £ nors, of the foundling hofpital and work-houie hereby ap- j^yJwTevery ** pointed, and their fucceffors for ever, and (hall be a charge 14th June, on the inhabitant or inhabitants of every fuch houfe or houfes, and payable the twenty fourth day of June in every year, for the ufe of the faid houfe, and the maintenance, education, and fupport of the children, which are or may be received therein, or fent to nurfe therefrom.

LI. And for the better afeertaining the rtnts of fuch Where no houfes, where no valuations are or (hall be made or returned v*lUJ||lon for for the cofle&ion of minillers money, be it further enaded ^#ant*in by the authority aforefaid, That where the faid taxes are to poiicfliott Aim-be charged according to the rent payable by the tenant in moned to pro. pofleffion, it (hall ana may be lawful, in order juftly to af- tiuce leafe certain the fame, to and for the faid governors, eleven at *£rccmcm* lead being p re fent, to fummon fuch tenant to appear before them, and to produce the lcafe, minute, or agreement, by virtue whereof he holds fuch houfe; and in cale fuch tenant (hall negleft or refufe fo to do by the fpace of twenty one days next after being duly ferved with fuch fummons, and in all cafes where the rent payable by the tenant in poflef-fion is only a ground rent, that then and in fuch cafes it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid governors, eleven at lead being prefent, to nominate and appoint any four perfons, they fhall think (it, to make and alcertaio a valuation of the rent, which fuch houfe is worth, if to be fet to a folvent tenant 5 which valuation, when made by the (aid four perfons, (hall be returned by them to the faid governors with an affidavit thereto annexed by them, made before one of his Majedy’s judices of the peace for the county of the city of Dublin or county of Dublin (which oath fuch jullice of the peace h hereby impoweied to ad-jninider) purporting that fuch valuation was made by them according to the bed of their (kill and knowledge, and with-put partiality or favour to any perfon or perfons concerned

if only a

Digitized by

Where beer, fpiriu, ire. retailed, additional 6d. per found, ice.

*fk eleventh ehtS twelfth Ytiri 0f G46tge iff.

6f mterefted in facti- vzdnaticn*; Wfecfr valuation, betfl<* (6 made and returned, (hall for the pwrpofe of fhii a & olAf and for no other purpofe, be deemed evidence of the rent, inch houfe might be fet for to a fofvent tenant: and that there maybe charged yearly, and every year for ever thereafter upon and paid to the faid governors, and their fuc-ceftors, for dll and every the houfes aforefaid, wherein there fhall be fold by retail any brandy, ale, beer, ftron^ waters, of fpirituous liquors, ah additional fum of fix pence in the pound accotdmg to the faid proportion, which faid fum fhaU be arlfo veiled m the faid governors and their fucceflora for ever, and fliall be a charge on the faid houfes, and on the inhabitant or inhabitants of every • fuck houfe or houfes, and payable for the purpofes aforefaid; and that no money fhdl thereafter be levied by veftry for the maintenance of foundlings hi the city of Dublin and liberties adjoin* mg, any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notvtithh ftanding.

Lrll. And whereas the buildings and the number of houfes in the environ# of the faid ckv of Dublin, and the faid liberties thereunto adjoining, have gi^atly increased of httC, whereby the governors of the fold foundling hospital and ivotk houfe dre1 fr^ceflarily put to a confiderable additional £xpenee in ftrpporting the foundlings, and maintaining the poor children received there, and it is very juft and reasonable, that the inhabitants in the houfes of the environs ot the find city of Dublin, and the foburbs and liberties' thereto adjoining, .whether in the cotfnty or city of Dublin, /hould contribute to the fupport of the faid foundling hof-pital and work-houfe : be it further enadted by the author Honf«*» valued rky aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day ms where no Gf jlMie one thourand feven hundred and Seventy two, all rninffier^mo- fl1c^ houfes, not' within* the particular description herein be-* nev, and 6d. per fore ment ioned and exprefied, nor comprehended therein, as pound rhaiged jafre or (hall be built within the diftance 9f two milts of the to inhabitants,	I>ublTn,	to	be	computed from the faid caflle at

the rate of two thoufand two hundred ami forty yards to the mile, /hall and may be valued by fuch methods, and in fuch manner, as is hereby prescribed and directed in relation to the houfes in the faid city, fuborbs, and liberties, where no fuch valuation has-been returned for the collection of the minifters money $ and the inhabitants of all fuch houfes a* are or fhall be fo built within the faid diftance of t vo miles from faid caftle <\s aforefaid, (hall for ever thereafter be charged with and pay yearly and every year the fum of fix pence in the pound of the yearly value of the rents of Cve'y fuch houfe, as the fame fhaU be returned upon fuch *	*alnation as aforefaid ; which faid fix pence in the pound

fhall be raifed, levied? and eolle&ed in- h&e manner, and by

the

Digitized by Google

Houfescx-

77>r tltvtulh <1*4 tjtpMb Ttf.rs vf GtQTg? III.

Oie fame methods, iuj the la»J chafgv and taxes on the l%o^Ccs iu the laid city of Dublin, aud the liberties thereto s^djoimu^ ?rc by tlii^ a$ to be railed, levied, and colle&ed, mnji pniu to the fajd governors and Jtixcir fucccffors for the itfc s afordaid.

Dill. Provided always, That nothing herein contained Auli extend* or he couilrueu to extend, to induce any charge ccpted. ou his M.ijelty’s caille of Dublin, or any of Ills Maje&y’s Ijoufc*, or the barracks, the royal hofpital, Trinity College,

Qr any hufpitai or alms honfe.

L1V. And for the cvikftion of the faid tax and charge colledor* ap« OO the faid houfes and inhabitants thereof, be it further en- pointed at 6d. added by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be per pouud, ice. lawful for the laid governors, or any eleven of them, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, to conftitute and appoint fuch and fo many perfons, and with fuch fabrics and allowances, not exceeding fix pence for every twenty (hillings received by them, or any of them, as they /hall judge neceffary, to collect and receive for the ufe and benefit of tire laid foundling hofpital and work-houfe from the whabitaut or inhabitants of each and every houfe in the fe-veral parnhc3of the faid city of Dublin, and within the laid fubyurx>s, liberties of faint Sepulchres, Thomas Court and Do-nore, and of Chrift Church, and faint Patrick’s thereto adjoining, and within two miles of the caille of the city of Dublin, the faid fix pence in the pound, according to the refpedtive valuations herein before mentioned, and from the inhabitant or inhabitants of each and every fuch houfe, in which there (hall be fold by retail any brandy, ale, beer, ftrong waters, or fpirituous liquors, the faid additional fix pence in the poujnd ; which charges in calVs of non-payment (hull he raif-ed and levied by the faid coHediors by diflrefs and fale of the goods of the inhabitant or inhabitants, who (hall at the time of fuch dilhefs be iu or occupy fuch houfe, and fhall be by them refpedlivcly paid to the governors ; and the faid

Eoyemors are hereby required to take good fecurity by bond ■om each collector, fp to be appointed, for the faithful dijfcharge of his office in a fum not lets than the amount of the fum, the (aid collectors fliafl be appointed to colled.

LV. Provided always, That no houfe or houfes (hall be No charge charged or chargeable for, nor any dillrdh or lale taken for, for above 3 more than three years arrear at any one time.	years arrear.

LVI. And be it further enadted by the authority afore- j0 (bits aiknif-faid. That in all fuits, actions, and avowries, to be made or tcr's money paid profecuted for or on account of any of the faid taxes or 3 ycars before, charges on houfes by the fajd governors, pr any perfon by them authorized to coliedt the fame, and in all actions or v 114110 fuits to be profccuted by any perfon or perfons whatfoever

agaiaif

Digitized by

Taxes vetted in governors for ttica of the ad.

tuts, &c.

The eleventh and twelfth Yean of George 111.

Bgarnft the faid governors, or the perfon or perfons by them authorized to collcft the faid taxes, in relation to colle&ing the fame, the proving the minifter’s money, which has been ufually paid aunually for fuch houfe for the fpace of three years next before fuch fuit, a&ion, or avowry commenced, fhall be fufficicnt evidences for all the purpofes of this a& of the valuation of the minifteris money on fuch houfe or houfes.

LVII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That all and lingular the rates, taxes, and impofitions by this ad created fhall be vetted in the faid governors of the foundling hofpital and work-houfe, to be by them applied to the fupport of the faid houfe, and the education and maintenance of the children now in the faid houfe, or fent to nurfe therefrom, and which may hereafter be received therein, or fent to nurfe therefrom, and to fuch other ufes of the faid houfe and hofpital, as are dire&ed by this ad: power* of go- and that it fhall and may be lawful for the faid governors, or anT c^cven them, or the faid court of afliftants, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized, to choofe and entertain all fuch matters or miftreffes, as fhall he neceflary to be employed in the faid houfe for the inftruc-tion of the children therein, and keeping them at work, and them, or any of them, from time to time to remove, as they fhall fee caufe ; and upon the death or removal of any of them to choofe others in their place, and to make and give fuch reafonable allowance to them, or any of them, oilt of the revenue hereby granted for the ufe of faid houfe, as they fhall think fit : and in cafe there fhall at any time be a deficiency in the faid revenue, fo as that the fame fhall not be fufficient to anfwer the neceflary expences of the faid houfe, that it fhall be lawful for the faid governors, or any twenty one, or more of them, to borrow or raife by demife or mortgage of any lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and taxes, veiled in or belonging to the faid corporation, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of four thoufand pounds, as to them fhall feem meet; which fum or fums, when fo raifed, fhall be applied by the faid governors to pay off and difeharge any debts, which may be neceflarily and bona fide contra&ed for the ufe of the faid houfe.

LVIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforc-faid, That whenever the number of children fhall occafion expences exceeding the duties granted by this a&, that in every fuch cafe the faid governors fhall caufe an advertife-ment thereof to be inferted in the Dublin Gazette ; and that in a week after fuch infertion no child fhall be received, 'till fuch time as an advertifement fhall be publifhed to the contrary.

LIX. And

When expences exceed duties, no child received*

Digitized by

Google

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.	49$

LIX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- A. D. faid, That the faid governors, or any eleven of them, (hall 1771-a. and may, if they (hall think it proper, or from peculiar Chap, 11.. cii	*	~

or

Or	w.	......	wrw ...wuuvu	n.v	^

twenty fourth of June one thoufaud feven hundred and fe- wc l^%' venty two.

LX. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Governor*,

faid. That the faid governors or any eleven of them, or the sec may fu:n-

faid court of afliftants, or any five of them, (hall have full m?n an‘l

power and authority at all times to fummon, call before T*!!! «'rncr* v	1	.	;	1	11	r	1	*	... or orivcra on

them, and examine upon oath, all fuch owner3 and drivers oath.icc. a*

of hackney coaches and chaifes, and all owners and drivers herein, of all chairs, drays, carts, and other carriages, as alfo all owners or carriers of fedan chairs, which ply for hire, as they (hall think proper, touching any matter or thing in this ad contained, or wherein they have power by this ad to examine and enquire ; and in cafe any perfon, who (hall be perfonally fummoned to appear before them, provided fuch fummons be ferved twenty four hours before the time required for his or her appearance, (hall negled to appear, or in cafe a fummons in writing (hall be left at his or her ufual place of abode, and he or (he (hall negled to appear on the day appointed in the faid fummons, (provided fuch fummons (hall have been fo left four days before faid day) that then every perfon fo neglediug to appear (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds, and a new fummmis (hall and may be ferved, and fo toties quotics, as he (hall negled to appear, and for each and every negled he or (he (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be recovered by diftrefs and fale of his or her goods by warrant under the hand and feal of the faid governors, or any eleven of them, or the faid court of afliitants, or any five of them: and in cafe any fuch perfon as afore- notprevariett* faid appearing before the faid governors, or eleven of them, ingi or »nfo-or the court of alliftants, or any five of them, (hall with* hold or refufc to give his or her tellimony, or (hall upon B° examination prevaricate, or treat with contempt, infolence,	,

or abufe, the faid governors or afQilants, or any of them,	j

that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid gover-■ors, or any eleven of them, or the court of alliftants, or any five of them, to impofc a fine not exceeding forty (hillings on fuch offenders, or by warrant under their hands and feals, to commit every fuch perfon fo offending to bridewell, or fuch other place as they ihall think proper, there to be confined and kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months.

LXI. And

cumltances nna it necellary, compound with any perlap perfons for any arrears of rent due by them for carriages Compofitio*

Digitized by LjOOQle

All pecuniary forfeitures by diltrefs and faie on warrantee.

Penalties not

directed to treafurcr and informer, where any.

Falfe fwear-ing puniflied as perjury.

Affirmation for oath.

Defendants may plead general ifTue, &c.

The eleventh and twelfth Teart of George IH.

LX I. And be k further enabled by the authority afore-fa id, That in aU cafes, wherein pecuniary penalties or forfeitures are ioflidled by this adi, the faid penalties may and (hall be recovered by di ft refs and fale of the offender's goods by warrant under the hand and feal of the perfon or per-fons indicting fuch penalty ; and that in all cafes where the penalty fliall be fo recovered, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons, who (hall execute the faid diftrefs and 1 ale, to dcdudl thereout over and above the faid penalty, and the colls attending the fame, the fum of one (hilling in the pound for his or their trouble, and that the overplus, if any after fuch dedudlion, (hall be rellored to the owner ; and that in all cafes where miles are expreffed in the adl, the computation is to be made at the rate of two thou-fand two hundred and forty yards to a mile.

LX 11. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures inffidfed by this adt, the difpofal whereof is net by ibis ad! particularly diredled, one moiety thereof (hall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to the treafui er of the faid houfe for the ufc thereof, in all cafes where there (hall be an informer, and that where there (hail not be any informer, then the whole of fuch penalty fliall be paid-to the laid treafurer for the ufe aforefaid.

LXIII. Be k further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon, who fliall take any oath, or if a qua-ker, make any affirmation, in confequence of or by virtue of this adl, fliall forfvvear himfelf or herfelf, or fhail be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, or falfe affirmation, and (hall thereof be convidfed by due courfe of law, he, Hie, or they fliall incur and fufFer the pains and penalties, which by law are enadled again!! perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LXIV. Provided always, That in cafes where an oath is required or impDwered to be adminiftered by this ad!, an affirmation fliall be fubftituted in the room thereof, if the per-fon, to whom it is to be tendered be a quaker.

XLV. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons fliall at any time be fired or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuar.ee of this act, he or they may plea'* the general ifTue, and give this act and the fpecial matter in evidence j and if upon a trial a verdidt fliall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or judgment (hall be given again!! the plaintiff qr plaintiffs upen demurrer, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fliall be nonfuited, difeontinue, or forbear profecuting their faid adtions, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have Rouble ppft* to him awarded againff fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs,

Digitized by LaOOQle

Orders under

fhi deveutlk AdHodflb Tears ‘6f George itt. tiffc, for which colls he (hall have fuch remedy as in other bafet, Where cbfts are by law given to defendants.

L.XVI. And whereat many good and (alutary byelaws,* orders and regulations hate been made by the governors of the corporation hereby to be diflblved, which are now fub-fiftisg and in force, he it further ena&ed by the authority ^ .aA,» M afbttmpd, That every rule* order, regulation* and byelaW made by the faid governors by virtue of any of the ads hereby repealed, and which (hall be fubfiftir\g and in full force on the twenty-third day of June one thoufind feven hundred and feventy-two, and which (hall not be incompatible with, or be in fubftance repelled and annulled by* any of the provifions, regulations, or claufes in this ad contained, (hall from and after the (aid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feten hundred and feventy-two be gOckl and valid to all intents and purpofes’, as if the faid ids, or any of them* had not been repealed, fubjed neverthelefs to be amended* altered, or made null and void by the governor* hereby created, or any twenty one or trtore.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it enaded by the an- No governor thority aforefaid, That no governor* or any perfdn any Way or manager Hull intrnfted in the management or ordering of the faid hofpital* ply decefl^ (hall be cpntraded with or otherwife employed to fupply (uy9 the foundling hofpital Or Work-houfe with any nectflaryor Material Whatfoever) Ind in fcafe any governor (hall be con-vided thereof before any two jufticcs of the peace of the faid county Or city of Dublin upon oath of one or more witneffes, or on confeflion of the party, fiich governor*!

"place is hereby dedartd vacant, as if dead, and a new governor (hall be eleded in his place and itead, and fucH perfon (haM for ever be incapable of being a governor of laid houfe*

LXVIIL And whereas in Iny of the laws for the better Mays*- by Regulation of the corporation of the city of Dublin, there	i

is not Iny provifioii made for configuring a locum tcticni, or teno!^ °C perfon to officiate in the cafe of the death or during the iri-difpofition or neeeflary abfence of the lord mayor of the faid fcity for the time being, or any prbvifion made for tlie cori-fritiiting an officer to officiate in the place of the prefident bf the fcoUrt of Confidence in the faid city during the neCef-faary abfence or illnefs of fuch prefident* whereby great in; terruptioil has been given to the publich bufinl*fs in the faid city, and ah inconvenience fenfibly experiehcecf by the citizens hi general r for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and* maybe lawful for the lord mayor of the fai<J city for the time beihg by warrant tinder bk hand and fell to appoint any One of the aldentte^	„

of the {aid city to officiate as a locum tenens in the place of the faid k>vd -mayor during his xlbiefs or ueccfiary abfeflce,

Vol. V;	I	i	and

Digitized by CjOOQle

49&	'	The elevetftb-anJ twelfth Tcart of George III.

A. D. and that it (hall and may be lawful for the perfon fo ap-1771-2. pointed locum tenens to exercife every power, which the faad Chap. 11. lord mayor for the time being has or may have by charter, ufage, or any of the laws in being, during the time of the illnefs or neceffary abfence of faid lord mayor.

Or the quo- LXIX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority ch”# Sr aforefaid. That if the lord mayor of the faid city (hall hap-•r^death/i^J. Pcn to during his mayoralty, it (hall and may be lawful for the aldermen of faid city, or ufual quorum of them, to affemble together at the Tholfel of the faid city, within two days after the death of faid lord mayor, and to ele& one of the aldermen of faid city as a locum tenens in the place of the faid lord mayor, who (hall happen to die as aforefaid; which perfon fo ele&ed a locum tenens (hall have all the powers before veiled in the faid lord mayor, and (hall be capable of prefiding at, and iffuing fummonfes to the feveral members of the faid corporation for an ele&ion of a lord mayor in the place of the lord mayor, who (hall happen to die as aforefaid ; and fuch election, where he (hall prelide, (hall be conlidered as valid to all intents and purpofes, as if made by the lord mayor and aldermen according to the forms, heretofore prefcribed by law to be obferved at the ufual time of cle&ing a lord mayor, in	after	LXX* Provided	That	the	faid perfon fo eleaed

taiyor’i death"^ a locum tenens upon the death of a lord mayor, fhal! pro-ice.	ceed to an ele&ion of a lord mayor in the place of the faid

lord mayor, who (hall happen to die as aforefaid, within fourteen days after the death of the faid lord mayor; and in failure of the faid perfon fo ele&ed a locum tenens proceeding to an ele&ion within the time aforefaid, that his power and authority (hall immediately ceafe and determine, and it (hall and may be lawful"for the aldermen and commons to ele£t a lord mayor without his prefence or concurrence, and to iffue fumm#nfes in the name of the town clerk or town clerks for the purpofe of holding fuch election, prefident of	LXX I.	And .be it further ena&ed by the authority

court of con- aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for the prefident of the wamntappoint court con^ence f°r the time being by warrant under inc. ^	’ his hand and feal to appoint any one of the aldermen to

officiate in his place during the illnefs or neceffary abfence of faid prefident; and that it fhall and may be lawful for the perfon fo appointed to exercife every power, which the faid prefident of the court of confcience for the time being has or may have by charter, ufage, or any of the laws in being, during .the illnefs or neceffary abfence of faid prefident.

LXXII. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid,

A public ad. That this a&, and all and every the claufe and claufts there- -in contained^ and every part thereof, (hall be deemed and

.taken

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.	499

taken notice of in all courts of law and equity in this king- A. D. dom, and deemed a publick a&.	2771s.

CHAP. XII.

An A3 for the further preventing Delays of Ju/ltce ly Reafen of Privilege of Parliament.

WHEREAS the feveral laws heretofore made for reftraining the privilege of Parliament with refpeft to a&ions or fuits commenced and profecuted at any time from and immediately after the diflolution or prorogation of any Parliament, until a new Parliament (hould meet* or the fame be reafTemblcd; and from and immediately after an adjournment of both houfes of Parliament for above the fpace' of fourteen days until both houfes fhould meet or reaflemble, are infuificient: to obviate the inconveniences arifing from the delay of fuits by rtafon of privilegt of Parliament, whereby the parties often lofe the benefit of feveral terms, be it ena&ed by the King's molt excellent Mayfly by and with the advice and content of the lords fpinltial and temporal and commons in this piefent Parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two, any aclion or fuit between party and party A&ion, fuit, may be commenced and profecuted iu any court of record, or court of equity, or of admiralty, and iu all caufes ma- flayed by pri-trimonial and teftamentary, in any court having cognizance ydege of partial of caufes matrimonial a;.d tdtaimentiry, again!! any peer or meut. lord of Parliament of Ireland, or againft any of the knights, citizens, and burgefTes of the houfe of commons of Ireland for the time being, or againfl their or any of their fervants, or any other perfon entitled to the privilege of Parliament; and no fuch a&ion, fuit, or any other procefs or proceeding thereupon {hall at any time be impeached, tlayed, or delayed by or under colour or pretence of any privilege of Parliament.

II.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted by jny,erfnt r;. the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this act fhall ex- r\\c?Cs 0f p£ert tend, or be conllrued to extend, to infringe upon the un- not infringed, doubted inherent privileges of peerage, nor to fubjeft the perfon of any of the knights, citizens, and burgefTes of the houfe of commons of Ireland for the time bang to be arretted or imprifoned upon any fuch fuit or proceeding.

IIL. Provided neverthelefs, and bd it enabled by the au- Continued to thority aforefaid. That this a& {ball edntinue in force un- 24 June, 1796, til the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hun- &c-1 dred and-feventy eight, and to tfic end of the then next	c

fefiion of Parliament, and no longeri

I i 2	CHAP.

Digitized by Google

Amended 19 and 20 O. 3. c. 15. f. 4*

Amended 13 and 14 G. 3. c 24.

In every city nr Corporate • town minifters or curates 1 Tune 177 a to hold a veftry on 6 days notice, as herein.

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George I Ilr CHAP. XIII.

jin AB for the better paving, cleanfing7 lighting, altering, and improving the new Street, Called Sackvilleflreet and the Mall, in the City of Dublin, and the Lanes and Avenues leading into the fame ; as alfo the Street called Marlborough-freet9 running parallel thereto on the Eajl Side, with the Lanes and Avenues leading into the fame,

SACKVILLE-STREET fhall not be made a market or Rand for coaches*

CHAP. XIV.

An A8 for preventing the fpreading of Fires, andfor appointing of Watches in Cities and Towns-corporate,

WHEREAS it it of great importance for the pre-fervation of the lives and properties of the inhabitants of cities, that one fire-engine at the leaft fhould be provided and kept in every parifh therein, and that regular watches fhould be appointed to prevent difturbances in the night: be it ena&ed by the King’s mofl excellent Majefly by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the minifter of every parifh in every city and town-corporate, (except fuch for which particular provifions have been already made by fome law,) of his curate, fhall on the firfl day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two hold a veftry, of which he fhall give publick notice at leaft fix days previous to the holding of fuch veftry; including the day of fuch notice; and fuch veftry fhall at fuch meeting determine and afeertain the fum of money to be raifed upon the parifh for the purpofe of purchafing one fire engine at the leaft with pipes, buckets, and all other implements nedeflary for working the fame, and for providing a proper place for keeping the fame in, and fhall appoint fuch perfons to attend and work the fame, as often as occafion fhall require, at fuch yearly falaries as they fhall think proper; and fuch veftry fhall at fuch meeting ele& and nominate three of the parifhioners of good fubftance to be directors of the watch For the year enfuing, and fhall alfo appoint fuch number of watchmen and at fuch wages, as they fhall think proper, which watchmen fhall be under the controuland wfpe&ion of fuch dire&ors*

i	It.	Provided

Digitized by UooQle

The ekveuib and twelfth Tears of George III.	^01

II.	Provided always. That no fuch paridi, which has at A. D.

prefent a fire-engine belonging to it, (hall be obliged to 1771-2. porchafe another.	Chap.	14.

III.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That

the minifter of every parifh, or his curate, (hall on every The like firft day of June annually during the continuance of this a& ^”7 1 Junc* hold a veftry, of which fuch notice (hall be given as afore-faid, for the purpofe of chufing and appointing fuch per-fons dire&ors and watchmen, as herein before mentioned, for the year enfuing; and fuch veftry (hall at fuch meetings determine and fettle what fums (hall be raifed for all or any of the purpofes aforefaid, during the enfuing year.

IV.	And be it ena6fced by the authority aforefaid, Churchwar* (That the churchwardens of fuch parilhes refpe&ively (hall dens to levy on from time to time levy the fum, fo agreed to be raifed, upon

the occupiers of houfes within their refpe&ive parilhes, moncy, according to the rate at which fuch houfes are valued for repealed the colle&ion of the miniftcr’s money; and where there is *3an<l '40.3. no fuch valuation, fuch houfes (hall be valued by three in- c' ** habitants of every fuch parifh upon oath, to be appointed by fuch church-wardens rcfpedivdy, which oath fuch churchwardens rcfpelively are hereby empowered and required to adminifter ; and fqch churchwardens refpe&ively (hall levy the proportion of the fum fo agreed to be raifed upon the occupiers of fuch houfes according to fuch valuation ; and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall refufe or neglect: to pay to fuch churchwarden the fum, with which they are fo chargeable, or any part thereof, fuch churchwarden refpe&ively (hall have the like remedy for recovery of the fame by diftrefs, or otherwife, as they have for recovery of pari(h cedes.

V.	And be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Applied to

fuch churchwardens refpe&ively (hall apply the fum fo	c%i	**

raifed for the refpe&ive purpofes herein before mentioned,

and (hall before the expiration of the year, for which they (hall be fo refpe&ivcly chofen as aforefaid, return to tbe minifter of fuch pari(h, or his curate, upon oath, (which oath fuch minifter or curate is hereby impowered and required to adminifter) a true and particular account in writing of the fums fo by them refpe&ively received, and of the application of the fame, which account (hall be examined and allowed or difallowed at the vdtrv, of which fuch notice as aforefaid (hall be given to be held for that purpofe ; and in cafe any churchwarden (hall neglect or xefufi^ to return fuch account, he fhali forfeit the lum of twenty pounds, to be filed for and recovered by civil hill in the name of the minifter of fuch pariib, and the fame (hall be applied to the ufe of the parilli.

VI.	And

Digitized by LjOOQle

J02	The	eleventh	and	twelfth	Tears of George III.

A. D. VI. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That 1771-2, it (hall and maybe lawful to and for the minifteror his curate, the churchwardens and parifhioners, of every fuch , Vcftry to parifh, or the major part of them in veftry aflembled, from ons Crcmovctl" t‘me to	aa occafion (hall require, to make fuch bye-

thofc employed, ^aw9» orders, and rules for the regulation of the watch, , and api>oint and of the perfons employed in working fuch fire engine*^ others, &c. as they fhall think neceflary, and to remove fuch of them as they {hall think proper, and to appoint others in their places 5 and in cafe any watchman, or perfon employed about fuch fire-engine, fhall a& contrary to any fuch rules, fuch watchman or other perfon upon due proof thereof upon oath by one or more credible witnefs or wit-nefles before any julhee of the peace of fuch city or town corporate fhall forfeit the fum of ten {hillings, to be deducted out of his wages, which fhall be applied the ufe of the parifh.

General iffue VII. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That I pleaded, &c. if any action or fuit {hall be commenced or profecuted 1 againft any perfon or perfons for any thing, which fhall be done in purfuancc of this ad, the defendant ot defendants may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in ... , A evidence ; and this ad fhall be deemed a publick a£t, and a pu jc a .	taken notice of as fuch.

CHAP. XV.

j

An AS for the Relief of poor Infants, who are or fhall he de-. ftrted by their Parents.

Amended TX7HEREAS poor infants are frequently deferted by 13 and 14 G. 3.	VV their parents, and left expofed to the inclemency of

the weather in the ftreets and other places in cities: and whereas the inhabitants of feveral parifhes, m which children are fo expofed, refufe to raiffc money fbr the fupport of fuch children, by which many of them perifh : be it annual veftrici cna^ec* ^y King’s mofl excellent Majefty, by and with in cirie» (ravc the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal Dublin and and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by Cork )	the authority of the fame, That in every city in this king-

noriceexdufivJ,8 ^om	c^ties °f Dublin and Cork) a veftry fhall

' be held annually in every parifh within fuch cities on fome day in the firft week in June, of which publick notice fhall be given by the mmifter or his curate at leaft fix days previous to the holding of fuch yeftry, exclufiye of the day of giving fuch notice and of the day of holding fuch veftry; and the minifter or curate, church wardens, and pariftii-onw of every fwjh parifh fhall at fuch yefbries refpedively

annually

Digitized by

Google.

I

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.	yo

annually choofe three overfeers out of the inhabitants of A. D. every fuch parifli.	1771 -2.

II. And be it enaded by the authority afbrefaid, Chap. 15. That fucli overfeers (hall take up and provide for the main- v " v tenance and education of all fuch children, deferted and expofed withm their refpedive panflics : provi- children, ded always, That not more than the fum of five pounds (hall he allowed for each child.	^

III.	And to the end that the expence of maintaining fuch children may be equally borne by the inhabitants of fuch cities refpedively, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the overfeers of every parifh in fuch cities refpcdively (hall from time to time, as occafion (hall require, aflemble together, and fettle and determine, what fums of money (hall be raifed upon the inhabitants of fuch cities refpe&ively for the purpofe of maintaining and educating fuch deferted children; (and fuch overfeers, or the repealed by major part of them, (hall at fuch meetings equally and 13 and 14 G. 3. impartially aflefs fuch fums fo to be raifed upon the inha- c- *4* £ *• bttants of the feveral houfes within fuch cities refpe&ively according to the minifteris money payable out of fucli

houfes;) and where fuch houfes are not rated to the mi-nifter, the fame (hall be valued by fuch overfeers, or the major part of them, and rated accordingly.

IV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That To collet and fuch overfeers within their refpc&ive pariflies, or fome per- aPPl>’tilc

fon or perfons appointed by them, (hall colle& the feveral fums fo afiefTed, and apply the (ame for the maintenance and education of fuch deferted children within their refpective parifiles 5 and if any occupier of any houfe (hall refufe or negle& to pay the fum fo aflefled to fuch overfeers, or the perfon or perfons by them appointed, for the fpace of two days after demand thereof, the fame (hall be levied 0:1 every fuch occupier by diflrefs and (ale of his or her goods by warrant under the hands and feals of fuch overfeers, returning the overplus, if any, after deducing all cha-ges attending the (ame, to the owner of fuch goods fo dif-t rained.

V.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Accounts fuch overfeers (hall return a quarteily account to their re- on oath to parifli fpe&ive parifh minifters or to their rcfpe&ive curates upon m n.tiers quar-oath, (which oath fuch miniltcrs and curates reipecliveiy tcr J *

are hereby impowered and required to adminitler) of the refpedive fums fo by them levied, and how the fame have been applied.

VI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Another if any overfeer (hall happen to die within the year, for dioilu at which he (hall be fo chofen, another perion (lull be choien 1,1 today* alter in his room within ten days after his dcceafc at a vcllry to dcCC‘**c*

be

Digitized by L.ooQle

5°4	Tbt deventh and twdftb Ttari of Charge J1JT.

A, D> be held for the parifli, in which he was overfeer, of which 1771-2. four days previous notice at the lead (hall be given by ^hj Chap. \ 5. mfoifter of fuch parifh or hia curate.

*—""	^	VII.	And	be	it	eqafted	by the authority afondaid, That

Overfeer’* every fuch oyerfeer (hall, within fix days after he be fo fciHyin 6 day* c^e4« tak* an °£th before the chief magtftr&te of the after elc&ion 'pty, ln which he mall he fo elefted, which oath fuch chief before*the chief magiftrate h hereby impowered and required to adminifter, mag titrate. that he will fairly and juftly without favour or affe&iou affefs fuch Aims, as may be. neceffary to be Taxied for the purpofes aforefaid.

Rrgular ac- VIII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, 3 amTuci fon sea- ^iat °Y£rfeers in every fuch city (hall enter, or caufe fo | terca,	be entered, in a book, to be kept for the purpofo, a re-. I

gular account of the fums from time to time by them diverted to be raifed for the purpofes aforefaid, and of the names of the perfons upon whom the fame are tp be levied ; and copies qf fuch entries, lodged by fuch qverfeera, (hall be delivered to the minifters of the refpeftiye parities or their curates, to which all the parifhioners of fuch parifhes refpeftiv.ely may have recourfe to at all feafon-able times.

PatiWoner. IX. And be k enafted by th? authority afbrelaid, That 9 *« u>g. c. j£ parifhioners of any fuch pariih (hall at fuch veftry refufe or negleft to eleft three fuch overfeers, then and in fuch cafe the minifter of fuch parish, or in his abfence his curate, (hall name three oyerfeers for fuch parifli, which perfons fo named (hall be invefted with the fame powers, as if they had been defied by the parifliioners.

^nd ^ enatted by the authority aforefaid. That pleada , «c.	aftian	or	fuit	(hall be commenced or profecuted

againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in pur-fuance of this aft, the defendant or defendants may plead the general iflue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter % pubiick aft. *n evldence ; and that this aft (hall be deemed a publicleaft, and judicially taken notice of as fuch.

$ HA B,

Digitized by v^ooQle

J%i elnuoth and tmefffb Tears Of<3e»ge Ilf.

CHAP. XVL

Am Ad far efeSkig Parochial Chapels of Eaft in Parjffkee tf . large extent y tmd making fitch Chapdsr and theft that are already evefkd* perpetual Cures ; and far mdktng a proper ProiAfxmjor the Maintenance of perpetual Curates to officiate m the jam; aadalfo in hie Moanerfor malting appropriate Parffhee perpetual Gores.

WHEREAS there lire feveral panflies 'within this Amended kingdom of fuch large extent, that the mother 13,14 G. 3 c. churches of inch pariflies are not fnScient to accommodate *7* the namber of inhabitants, who might refort thither for c 14	^

divine worthi'p, and on account of the great diilance many ** cf them refide at, they cannot conveniently refort thereto, in fonte of which chapelt of eafe have been cre&ed purfuant to the laws now in being \ in order that a further proviso* may be made, that a fuffiaent number of churches may be ere&ed for the celebration of divine fervice at convenient ftifUnccs for the refort of the proteftant inhabitants of this kingdom, be it enaded by the King** moil exceHent Ma-jefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritu-*1 and temporal and commons in this prtfent Parliament aflembkd, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhaU Bifbop* m»y and may be lawful to and for the feveral archbtfhopt and wed new btihops of this kingdom, and their fticcefiort, to ere6l, or ^“rc^8Cf1^crd caufc to be ere&ed, new churches or chapels in convenient pr^r**w places within fuch parishes, as to the (aid archbifhops and bifhops refpeflively fhafi feem proper.

II.	Provided always, and it n hereby declared. That Each diftriit fuch churches or chapels (hall not be ere&ed, before the afeartained by bounds of the refpe&ive diftrids, which (hall belong to the pure of each of tlie faid new churches or chapels, (hall be coufcnt, afeertained by an inftrument in manner hereafter dire&ed with the confent pf the incumbent for the time being under his hand and feal. And that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid ardibifliops and bifliops, and their fucceffors, by writing under their hands and archiepifcopal or epif-copal feals refpe&ively with the confent of the teftor or in-cumbent of every fuch pariih refpe&ivCly for the time being under his hand and feal to (et out and describe the bounds and the feveral town-lands, which (hall be comprized within the refpe&ive diftrkls or new pariflies, which (hall belong to the cure of each of the (aid new churches or chapels, and to thofe which are already ere&cd refpe&ively; and from and after the time that fuch new parifliet (hall he fo frt out and afeertained by ftrch inftrument, which (hall be duly entered in the regiftry of the diocefe, and enrolled in

the

Digitized by foozle

yo6	The eleventh and twelfth Years of George III.*

A. D.	the rolls office of this kingdom, for which enrollment the

1771-2.	fum of thirteen (hillings and four pence, and no more, (hall

Chap. 16. be paid, over and above the expences ufually paid to the engroffing clerk for the fame. And the faid feveral dif-tri&s, fo fet out and deferibed, (hall be deemed and reputed feveral and dlftrn& parities for the purpofes in this a& mentioned, and (hall be refpe&ively called and known by fuch names, as (hall be given to them by fuch inftru-ment; and the faid feveral churches or chapels, which are intended to be ere&ed, and thofe which are already ere&ed in the (aid new parifhes, (hall be deemed perpetual cores, and the curates of each of them refpe&ively, when duly nominated and licenced, (hall be capable of receiving any endowment from the faid archbifhops and bilhops refpe&itvely, or their fucceffors, or from the rc&ors or incumbents of fuch parifli, or their fucceffors, or any other bodies corporate or politick, or any other perfon or perfons, in fuch manner as any curate of any impropriate or appropriate t parifh is by the laws now in being qualified to take the fame; and each and every fuch-curate (hall have perpetual fuccefiion, and are hereby declared to be bodies politick and corporate, and made capable to receive and take any fuch endowments in lands, or tythes, or both, or any fuch augmentation as (hall be granted to them and their fuccef-- fors; and from and after the time that any of the (aid cures (hall be endowed with fufficient quantity of glebe, it (hall and may be lawful for fiich curate with the approbation of the archbi/hop or bi(hop of fuch diocefe, or their fucceffors, to make fuch buildings and improvements on fuch glebe, and he (hall be intitled to receive fuch proportion of the money, expended in making or building the fame, from his next fucceffor, as any other incumbent is or (hall be in--	titled unto for buildings or improvements on the glebe of

his benefice; and all fuch provifions for encouraging the making buildings and improvements on glebes belonging to the clergy (hall extend to the faid curates refpe&ively, in the fame manner as they now do to any incumbent of any ecclefiaftical benefice.

Not to pay . III. Provided always, That no curate, who (hall here-predcceffor on after fucceed to a perpetual curacy, endowed by this a& or improving on any ot^er a& Parliament, (hall be obliged to pay to his glebe above 50I. predeceffor, or the executors or adminiftrators of his pre-deceffor, by virtue of any certificate for building or improving on fuch glebes, with which his curacy may be firft fruits to endowed, any greater fum than fifty pounds: And it (hall advance not	be lawful for the truftees and commiffioners of the firft

above 150I. as fruits, Sind they are hereby required, to grant to any of the crcm#	faid curates a fum* not exceeding one hundred and fifty

pounds to enable fuch curate to build fuch houfe; which

/	faid

The eleventh and twelfth Yeart of George III.	jqj

faid fum the faid truftees are impowered to grant, before	A. D.

fuch houfe is begun to be built, upon an aflurance that	1771.2.

fuch houfe (hall be built upon a plan and eftimate approv- Chap. 16. ed of by the (aid archbifbops and bifhops refpedtively, or their fucceflors, and by the laid truftees.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- After fuch faid. That from and after the execution, regiftry, and en- inftrument enrollment of fuch inftrument, as is before dire&ed, it (hall be

lawful for the archbifhop or bifhop of the diocefe, and their bifhopi, Ac/ fucceflors, to appoint veftries to be held for each of the faid intended new parifhes, and the re&or or incumbent of fuch parifh, where fuch new pari flies arc to be let out and eredled refpe&ively, or his curate, (hall give notice of fuch veftries to be held at fuch place, as (hall be thought mod convenient, within the faid refpeftive parifhes or diftri&a, and at fuch time or times as (hall be appointed in fuch notice, which (hall be publifhed in fuch manner, as is ufual for convening veftries for the mother church of faid parifh, or by affixing the fame on the doors of the parifli-church, or by fuch other ways and means as (hall be thought ne-Ceffary; and at the firft veftry, fo to be held for every of the faid new pariflies, two perions (hall be chofen for church wardens for each parifh rcfpe&ively, in fuch manner as church wardens are ufually ele&ed in the old parifh church; and in cafe of failure of making fuch election it (hall be lawful for the faid archbifhops and bifhops, and their fuc-ceffors refpedlivcly, to nominate fuch church wardens for every of the faid pariflies, where fuch failure (hall happen 5 and fuch church wardens, when fo eledted or nominated,

(hall continue in fuch office for one year from the Eafter next after fuch eledlion or appointment, and new church wardens (hall be chofen annually in fuch manner, as is ufual in the faid parifh : and it (hall be lawful for the e&or or incumbent of fuch parifh, or his curate, and the church wardens and the majority of the proteflant inhabitants of each of the faid intended new parifhes, aflembled in veftry, to aflefs fuch fums of money, as (hall from time to time be neceflary for eredling or building and repairing the church or chapel of their refpedlive parifh, which money (hall be aflefled, applotted, and levied, in fuch manner as cedes for building or repairing other churches are by the laws now in being diredfed to be raifed.

V.	And be it further cnafted by the authority afqrefaid, Gurtte no-

That as foon as the faid churches or chapels (hall be eredl-	**7	in"

ed, and fet apart for divine woi fhip, the re&or or meum- j^«n * M bent of fuch parifh for the time being (hall nominate to the

(aid archbiftiop or bifhop of tlie diocefe, or their fucceflors, a fufficient curate for every fuch parifh, where fuch church fir chapel (hall be fo crewed and fet apartt which curate

(hall

Digitized by L.ooQle

Incumbent, by deed, dec. difeharged from

Wary.

When chapels •feafeare crewed, inhabitant difcha?ged, Sec.

TSe eleventh and twelfth Tears of George lit.

(h all be approved of and licenced by the faid archbi/hop of bifhop, or their fucceffors, in fuch manner as other curates are by law to be licenced and approved of; and upon every vacancy of any of the faid cures by the death or removal of fuch curate, or by his acceptance of any other cure, or of any benefice with cure of louls, another curate /hall be nominated and appointed in manner aforelaid. And in cade the re&or or incumbent of any fuch pari/h for the time being lhall fail or negleft to nominate a curate for the fpace of two months after any of the faid churches or chapels /ball be ere&ed and fet apart, or after any fuch vacancy (hall happen, it /hall be lawful for the faid archbi/hop3 and bi/hops refpec-tively, oi* their fucceffors, to appoint and licence a curate for fuch of the faid parifhes and churches, where fuch failure fhall happen, and to allocate fuch falary for every fuch curate fo to be nominated or appointed, and licenced for any of the faid cures, as he is at piefent enabled to do by the laws now* in being, over and above any endowment of the faid cures granted for the augmentation of the maintenance of any of faid curates.

VI.	Provided, That if the re&or or incumbent of fuch pari/h, or his fucce/Tors, fhall by deed in writing with the confent and approbation of the archbi/hop or bi/hop of the diocefe, or their fucceffors, the patron, and the dean and chapter of the faid diocefe, where there is a dean and chapter in fuch diocefe where there are no dean and chapter by the confent of the major part of the beneficed clergy at their refpe&ive vifitations, teftified by their being parties to and affixing their feals to fuch -writing, endow any of the faid cures with a competent portion of glebe, or tythes for the maintenance of the curate, fuch re&or or incumbent, and his fucceffors, /hall from thenceforth be difeharged from the payment of the falary to the curate, who /hall be fo endowed 5 fuch writing to be regiftered in the regiftry of the diocefe, and enrolled in the rolls office in the chancery of this kingdom, for which enrollment the fame fee herein before fpecified, and no more, /hall be paid.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That the inhabitants and pari/hioners of each of the faid intended new pari/hes, in which chapels of eafe are already ere&ed, or in which fuch churches or chapels hereafter fhall beere&ed, /hall be difeharged from the repairing any other church or chapel; and that the minifter, church wardens, and the proteftant inhabitants of each of the faid in* tended new parifhes, or the major part of them in veftry af-fembled, /hall have power to ele<ft all parochial officers in fuch manner, as any of the inhabitants of any other pari/h lire by law impowered, and to a fiefs, applot, and levy upon

Digitized by

Google

The eleventh and twelfth tears ef George III.	jfcfl

the lands or inhabitants of their faid parifh fuch fums of A* ' D.« . taoney, as may be requifite for keeping their church or 1771-1* chapel in repair, and providing fuch neceiTaries for the ufe Chap.. 16* of their refpe&ive churches, and the celebration of divine fervice there, and to aflefs, applot, and levy fuch falary for a parifh clerk in each of the faid intended parifhes, in fuch manner as may by law be raifed for the clerk of any other phrifh ; and fuch parifh clerk in each of the (aid intended parifhes fhall at all times be intitkd to fuch provision and maintenance, as the clerk of the ancient parifh would be entitled to, in cafe this ad had not been made ; and fuch pa-rijfhes fhall have all parochial rights by law appertaining to any other parifhes for the purpofes in this ad mentioned as aforefaid. Saving nevertheiefs to the redor or incumbent of filch parifh, and nis fuccefTors, all his and their rights as redors and incumbents of faid parifh.

VIII.	Provided alfo, That this ad fhall not be conftrued £ure 0f fo as to difeharge the faid redors or incumbents of faid pa- and parochial rifhes, or their fuccefTors, from the cure of fouls, or any duties as before« other parochial duties in any of the laid intended new parifhes, but fuch cure of fouls and duties fhall remain in him

and them as before the palling of this ad.

IX.	And whereas feveral deans, archdeacons, and other dignitaries in the church, have feveral parifhes with cure of fouls appropriate and annexed to their dignities as part of the corps thereof which cures are ferved by ftipendjary curates, who have no place of refidcnce in the parifhes, where they officiate: and whereas it would tend greatly to the advancement of religion, and promoting the proteilant iutereft in this kingdom, if fuch curates were enabled to refide in their refpedive cures by being provided .with convenient glebes and houfes : be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That fuch appropriate cures fhall be here- Appropriate after deemed perpetual cures with the content of the arch- c^rci bifhop, bifhop of the diocefe, the dean and chapter of the content as her** faid diocefe, and of the dignitary to whofe dignity fuch pa-in.

rifh or parifhes are appropriated, teflified in writing under their hands and feals, from the time fucb writing is entered in the regiflry of the diocefe, and in the regiftry of the metropoliucal court of the province; and the curates of each and eveiy of them refpedively fhall be capable of receiving any endowment from the rdfpedive deans, archdeacons, or other dignitaries, to whom fuch benefices are fo appropriated refpecfcively, or any other bodies corporate or politick, or any other perfon or perfons, in fuch manner as any curate of any impropriate or appropriate benefice is by the laws now iu being qualified to take any endowment 3 and every fuch curate (hall have perpetual fucceffion ; and fuch curates are hereby created bodies politick and corporate, and

Digitized by v^ooQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. made capable to receive any fuch endowments in land or tythes, or both, or any fuch augmentation as fhall be granted to them and their fucceffors ; and from and after the time that any of the faid cures (hall be endowed with a fufficient quantity of glebe, it (hall and may be lawful for any fuch curate with the approbation of the archbifhop or bifhop of the diocefe to make fuch buildings and improvements on fuch glebe, and he fhall be intitled to receive the money, fo expended in building and making the fame, from his next fucceffor, as any other incumbent is or fhall be intitled to for buildings and improvements on the glebe of his benefice: and all fuch provifions for encouraging the building, and making improvements on the glebes belonging to the clergy, fhall extend to fuch curates refpe&ively in the fame manner, as they now do to the incumbent of any ecclefiaftical benefice ; and it fhall be lawful for the truftees and commiffi-oners of the firft fruits payable out of the ecclefiaflical benefices in Ireland, and they are hereby required, to grant to any fuch curate a fum, not exceeding one hundred and fifty pounds, to enable fuch curate to build a houfe, which fum the faid truftees are hereby empowered to grant, before fuch houfe is begun, upon an affurance from the archbifhop or bifhop of the diocefe that fuch houfe fhall be built upon a plan and eftimate, approved of by the archbifhop or bifhop of the diocefe and by the faid truftees.

_.	_	X.	And be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid,

ZttiSSS' That if any dean, archdeacdn, or dignitary, to whofe falary. * deanry, archdeaconry, or dignity any fuch parifh or panfhes with cure of fouls fhall be fo appropriate, fhall with the confent and approbation of the archbifhop or bifhop of the diocefe, the patron, and the dean and chapter of the church, to which fuch deanry, archdeaconry, or other dignity fhall belong, teftified by their being parties and affixing their feals to fuch writing, endow any fuch cures with a competent por-..	tion	of	glebe or tythes, or both, for the maintenance of

. any fuch curate, the dean, archdeacon, or other dignitary, and their refpedlive fucceflbrs, fhall from thenceforth be dif-charged from the payment of-the falary to the curate, who fhall be fo endowed, from the time fuch writing fhall be entered in the regiftry of the diocefe, and enrolled in the rolls office of the court of chancery of this kingdom ; for which the fum of thirteen fhillings and four pence fhall be paid over and above the expences ufually paid to, the engroffing clerks for engroffing the fame.

' r	XI.	Provided, That this a& fhall not be conftrued fo as

ed, &c. have no to difeharge any fuch dean, archdeacon, or other dignitary, benefit from or their fucceffors, from the cure'of fouls, or any other pa-fuch endow-	rochiai duties, in any fuch appropriate benefice ; and that

lwcnt#	no fuch deaoi archdeacon, or other dignitary, fhall receive

any

Dignitary,

Tb* elevmtb amkwelftb Years of George 111.	jit

any'benefit from any ftfth endowment, bat Hull be liable to	A. D.

the payment of fuch falary to every fuch curate, at he would	1771-2.

have been, in cafe no fuch endowment had been made, un- Chap. 16. lefo fuch dean, archdeacon, or other dignitary, (hall by fuch C endowment by fuch writing, as is herein before mentioned, be difeharged from the fame.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Tmcm (aid, That as often at the cure of any fuch appropriate pa- 0ffuch cureea-xlfh, which fhall be fo endowed or augmented purfuant to dowed, the dig-this aft, fhall become vacant by any means, it fhall and may nitw7 to nonn-be lawfiil for the dtan, archdeacon, or other dignitary, to

whofe dignity fuch parifh it appropriate, to nominate to the bUbop, fcc. archbifhop or bifhop of the diocefe a fufficient curate for every fuch parifh refpeftively 5 which curate fhall be approved of and licenced by the laid archbiihops or bifhopt refpeftively, in fuch manner as other curates are by law to be licenced and approved of 5 and upon every vacancy of any of the laid cures by the death or removal of fuch curate, or by his acceptance of any other cure, or of any benefice with cure of fouls, another curate fhall be nominated and appointed in manner before direfted; and in cafe any of the deans, archdeacons, or other * dignitaries, to whole dignities fuch parilh fhall be appropriate, fhall foil or negleft to nominate a curate, for the fpace of two months after any fuch cures fhall become vacant, it fhall be lawful for the > archbifhop or bifhop of fuch diocefe to appoint and licence a curate for fuch parifhes, where fuch failure fhall happen,, and to allocate fuch falary for every fuch curate, fo to be nominated or appointed, and licenced for any of the find cures, as he is at prefent enabled to do by the laws now in being over and above any endowment of the laid cures granted for the augmentation of the maintenance of any of the (aid curates, unlefs fuch dean, archdeacon, or other dignitary fhall have endowed the curate of fuch parifh, and thereby have become difeharged from the payment of fuch {alary in the manner herein before mentioned.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- C. governors faid. That it may be lawful for the chief governor or go- may unite and verftors of this kingdom for the time being with the afTent, ^appropriate advice, approbation, and content of fuch perfons in fuch *'^ chapter^/ manner, and under fuchfavings and provifoea, as are men- ,4q( 3 ^ tioned in the' aft-of the fecond year of King George the ty. f. 5, firft, entitled, AnaQ for the real union and divifion of pa~

rifbety to unite appropriate parifhes, and to difappropriate appropriate parifhes or part of fuch parifhes, and.to unite fuch. difappropriated parifhes or part of luch parifhes to another parifh, and to ereft fuch divided und united parifhes into new parifhes with all parochial Tights*	.	i

KIV# Provided always, and be it further .enafted by the Where coo-authority aforefiud, That when the confent of the King's [cnt pi Klag t#

Majcfty, be*‘TC“* **

Digitized by v^ooQle

£14

At Dfr ifejifly* h<* Item , add fueceffars, to bis given to themaib* 1771*2. injg any union# or divisions of appropriate p4rifhss* or of Clwp. 16i parts, of fuch pariffifcs, or to the endowment . of perpetual K^rm>rr^^ cures by virtue, of this aft, or any unions and diVlfloos o£ C. governor's pkrifhes, or ualonh of any dignitaries Ur benefices, or other yndcr hand and eccleliaftical preferments, by virtue of the aft of the fdcondf ““f	year of King George the firft, entitled, Ana3 for the real

wuqn and dnjfon of pari/het, of of any.other aft now ur force in this kingdom, the content of the chief governor or governors fur the time being, under his or their hands and leak to fuch unions and divisions fhall to aft. intents and purpofes he as good and valid in law; as if the content of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefibrs* was • thereunto, fignified by* letters patent under the gteat teal of this kingdom*

Enrolled in 6 XV. Provided always; That fuck content of the chief month*, See. governor or governors as afbnefaidbe enroMed in the roIR office in the high court of chancery in this kingdom within fix months after the date thereof; for the enrollment whereof three (hilling 4nd four pence, and no more, (hall be paid.

. .	.	XVI.	And whereas by an aft made in the eighth year of

q	i.	the reign of hia pretent Majefty,. entitled; An a8 for ertfr

ing new chapelt of cafe in the parijh of Armagh, and making; fuch chapelt, and thofe that are already eroded in the /aid parijh\ perpetual caret, and for moling a proper provtftaA for the maintenance of pripetndl curatet to officiate in the famei. it is by faid aft among other things enafted, .That it fhall be lawful for his grace Richard, lord archhifhop of Armagh, or his fucceffors arcbhifhops of Armagh, to ereft, or caufe to be trefted, new churches or chapels on the reputed antient fites of the churches or chapels of the faid refpeftive parifhes, and one other church or chapel in the city or liberties of Armagh : and whereas finee the making of faid aft it hath heed found, that the buflding the faid churches and chapels, or fomeof them, on the fites preferibed and intended by that-aft, will create great inequalities in the refpeftive diftnfta or new parifhes, which (hall belong to the cure of each of the faid new churches ot chapels: for remedy whereof, he it en-Bullding new by *** authority aforefaid, Thit it fhall be lawfhl for his grace Richard, lord archhifhop of Armagh, orhis fuo* ceflors, to ereft, or caufc to be erefted, new churches or chapels either on the reputed antient fites of the churches or chapels of faid refpeftive parifkes, or on any other newfiter within the refpeftive: diftrifts or town lands of the faid in* tended new parifhes, as to his grace Richard, lord arehbiftop of Armagh, or his fucCcffors, fhall teem moft fit and convex meat for the eafe of the parifhsoiters, and the decent cele-* bration of divine.worlhip*

XVII.	And in order to prevent * umweeffaty dilute ani expei^ccf be it enaftflefc by the authority aforftaid," That occupier*

churches on fit$s, Sec. the archhifhop of Armagh may ere3 churchc* on new fites within new pa?i(het.

Land occur, J>ier* fubje$ to

Digitized by v^ooQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.	_JX$

^upiers of lands within every parilh in this kingdom (hall M A* * to every cefs or tax for the repairing of any church or chapelf •sot for ether neceflary charges belonging to fuch church or Chap. IQ. ^ chapel, be and be conftrued to be inhabitants within every	J

fuch parifh, .whether fuch parifh be a parifh of itfelf, or be rearing °* .united to any other parifh by epifcopal union or otherwife, churches Ac* or whether fuch occupiers do or do not refide and dwell "within fuch parifh.

XVIII.	And whereas many cities and corporate towns in this kingdom by reafon of the increafe of the buildings and inhabitants therein require one or more places of worfhipbe-fides the mother church of the parifh or parifhes in fuch corporate towns for the due accommodation of the faid inhabitants in their attendance on the fervice of God within fuch corporate towns, or the precinds thereof: be it enabled by . ^ the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to tcrc may be aland for any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, lotted to build a to allot and let apart any land, not exceeding one plantation chapel or eha-acre, within any parifh, city, or corporate town in this hereia. kingdom, or the precincts thereof, at any diftance from the mother church of the faid parifh or pantiles, whereon it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, bodies politick and corporate, with the confent of the archbifhop or bilhop of the diocefe, and the major part of the protef-tant inhabitants, affembled in veftry, to ered and build a chapel or chapels on the faid lands fo granted, or on any an-tient fite, in which the liturgy an 1 rights of the church of Ireland as by law eltabli tiled are to be ufed and obferved, and who are hereby enabled to fettle and afTure lands, tenements, tythes, or hereditaments in fee-fimple, of the clear yearly value of thirty pounds a year, and not exceeding fifty pounds a year, for a provifion or maintenance for a curate to officiate in every fuch chapel and chapels, and his fuccef-fors for ever, as a perpetual endowment of fuch chapel or chapels.	,

XIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Chapels eredfc That all and every fuch chapel and chapels, which fhall be ***& endow-creded and endowed by virtue of this ad, fhall be from curc*C^db«nc-thenceforth perpetual cures and benefices, and the curate

and curates thereof refpedivcly, and their fucceflors, fhall be bodies politick and corporate by fuch name, as in the grant •f fnch endowment is mentioned.

XX.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, . Perf®n#

That all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and. {“* corporate, who have ereded, or (hall fo ered and endow, repaired as by any fuch chapel or chapels, (hall from thenceforth be the * C. a. c. a a. true and only patron or patrons of fuch chapel or chapels,

and the foie right of presentation or nomination thereto fhall ke for ever after veiled in them, their heirs and' fucceOTors

V«u*V.	*Kk	refpedivcly*

**♦	The	eleventh	and	twelfth	Yean of George III.

Am D.	refpeftively; and the laid endowed curacies, and the patronage

1771-2. thereof, (hall be fubjeft to the fame provifions and linuta-tions, as curacies endowed by virtue of the ftatute of the firft year of his late Majefty King George the fecond, chap-» ter the eighteenth, are now fubjeft ; and fuch chapels of cafe (hall be kept in repair in the manner prescribed for keeping chapels of eafe in repair erefted in cities or corporate towns by the a ft of the firft year of his late Majefty King George the fecond, chapter the twenty fecond.

CHAP XVII.

An AS for rendering more effeftual the fevered Law for the better enabling the Clergy, having Cure of Souls > to refit upon their Benefices, and to build on their refpeftroe Glebe Lands, and to prevent Dilapidations ; and for the Encouragement of Prot font Schools within this Kingdom of IrelandL

Amended (3, WHEREAS doubts have been conceived,^whether if 14 O. 3. c. *7.	* ? any archbifhop or bifhop, or other ecclefiaftical perfon,

ji 0.3. c. 19. (hall purchafe houfes ready built, or lands fit for fuch buildings, in purfuance of an aft paffed in the tenth year of King William the third, intitled, An aft to encourage building (f houfes, and making of other improvements on church lands, and to prevent dilapidations, fuch archbifhop, bifhop, or other ecclefiaftical perfons, are intitled to receive fuch proportions of the expences attending fuch purchafe and improvements, as they would be entitled to under an aft paffed in the twelfth year of his Majefty King George the firft, intitled, An aft to explain and amend the aforefaid aft, in cafe the had built Ecdefiafticki hotules upon their demefne, glebes, or menfal land: to re-as in movc which doubts, be it ena&ed by the king’s mofl ^x-io W.\ c*6. cellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the on certificate at lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parky 1a G. 1. c. Lament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, in all 40#	cafes hereafter where any archbifhop, bifhop, or other ec-

clefiaftical perfon, fhall purchafe to them and their fucceflbrs refpeftively houfes already built with conveniencies thereto belonging, or lands fit for fuch buildings, with the confcnts and for the purpofes mentioned in the aforefaid aft of the tenth year of King William the third, that the purchafe money for the fame, and the expence of buildings,, additions, and repairs being ascertained, and a certificate granted in the manner direfted by the aforefaid aft of the twelfth of George the firft, fhall be repaid by the fucceflbrs of fuch archbifhop, bifhop, and other ecclefiaftical perfon refpeftively, in the proportions, at the times, and in the manuer direfted by the laft mentioned aft.

I	II.	Aid

Digitized by

Google

D.

7%e eleventh amt twelfth 'tcan of (ieOrge tlL

II.	And be it enadcd by the authority aforefaid, That	^

k fee farm lcafe, or a leafe of live* with a covenant of re-	177i-2.

newal for ever, (hall be deemed and taken to be a purchafe Chap* 17-Within the intention and meaning of this ad; and that a ground rent may be referred out of the premises fo pur-	a*

chafed.	^	bit referred.

Ill	And whereat by an ad of Parliament, made in this kingdom in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the firft, intitlcd, An ad to explain and amend an ad, intitlcd.

An a& to encourage building of houfes, and making other improvement* on church lands, and to prevent dilapidations, it is amongft other things enaded, that every archbiihop, bifhop, and other ecclefiaftical perfon whatsoever, who (hould from and after the firft day of May in the year of our Lord) one thousand feven hundred and twenty-fix) make, build) add to, ered, of repair any houfe, outhoufes, garden, or other neceflary improvement on his demefne, glebe, or menfal lands, in the manner therein direded, for which a certificate fhould be obtained* as by the faid ad is appointed, fuch archbifhop, bifhop, or ether ecclefiaftical perfon, his execur tors or adminiftratore refpedively, (hould from his next and immediate fucceflor have and receive three fourths of the fum or fums fo certified for; provided that no certificate be granted for a greater fum than two years clear income of the benefice: and whereas the firft improvers, who ered buildings tad make other improvements on their demefne, glebe, or menfal lands, are often contrary to their intention induced by the great uncertainty of eilimates, however carefully made* to lay.out fums of money greatly exceeding two years income of their benefice, and muft be liable to all Ioffes, that may happen by any failure or mifeondud in the artificers Or condudore of fuch works, whereby they become greater lofere by their buildings and improvements, than the law intends they (hould be* and are alfo at great trouble in carrying on fuch buildings and improvements, and are put to ta expence, to which theirfucceffors are not fubjed, in providing proper places of habitation for thejr refulence, before* the intended buildings are compleated and fit for their reception ; and are alfo necefiarily obliged to advance greater f uns of money than any of their fucceflbrs : be it therefore tn-fc&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes where any tachbifhop, bifhop, or other ecclefiaftical perfon, (ball from for new buiid-tad after the palling of this ad obtain a certificate for ered- See. a» by Ing new buildings, or for making other neceflary improve- !2 °; f * c IO* ments, on a new fite within his demefne* glebe, or menfal tbeTuVfam noi lands, in fuch manner as is by the faid in part recited ad di- to exceed two teded, fuch archbifhop, bifhop, or other ecclefiaftical per- year* income.

. fon, his executors or adminiftratore refpedively, (hall from, has next and immediate fucceflor inftead of three fourths of

K k a	fuch

jlS	'The eleventh ami twelfth Years of George til.

A. D. fuch fum have and receive the full fum comprized and fpe-1771-2. cified in fuch certificate ; provided always, that fuch funl Chap. 17* fhall not exceed the clear value of two years income. X^**^**^. IV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby exprefsly declared,

, Not extended That this aft fhall not extend, nor be conftrued to extend, to buildings for* any repairs, additions, or improvements, which fhall be liereiiimadC a* made to any buildings or other improvements, which have been formerly made ; but every fuch archbifhop, bifhop, and other ecckfiaftical perfon, making fuch repairs, additions, and improvements as aforefaid, fhall receive the fame proportion of the money expended, to which they wefre intitled before the making of this aft ; and fuch fucceffor, having paid the fum fo certified as aforefaid, he, or his executors or adminiftrators refpeftively, {hall be intitled to and receive three fourths thereof from his next fucceffor ; which fuc-cefior having paid the faid three fourths of the faid firft: fum, he, or his executors or adminiftrators refpeftively, fhall be intitled to and receive two thirds thereof, that is one moiety of the fum firft certified from his next fucceffor, which fiic-cefTor having paid the faid moiety of the faid firft fum, he or his executors or adminiftrators fhall be intitled to and receive from his next fucceffor one half thereof, that is one fourth part of the fum or fnms in the firft certificate mentioned ; all which filths, fo to be paid and received, fhall and may be paid and recovered within the times, and in the fame manner, as is appointed by the feveral laws now in being relative to the payment and recovery of money laid out in buildings and improvements, made on the demefne or menfal lands •and glebes of archbifhops, bifhops, or other ecckfiaftical perfons.

The 3-4ths V. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority paid as by 12 G. aforefaid, That fuch fucceffor to the perfon, who obtained

1.	c. 10. the the faid certificate, fhall pay the three fourths of the fums cert,^e^ *n the proportions, at the times, and in them&i-1 years. ^ jg hefted by the faid in part recited aft, but fhall not be compellable to pay the laft remaining fourth part of the fum, fo certified and made payable by this aft, until the end of two years, to be computed from the time he became chargeable with the payment of the whole fum of money certified as aforefaid.

VI.	And whereas by the faid laft mentioned and in part Tecited aft, it is enafted, That when any certificate ihall be given or made out for any fum or fums of money to be charged on any archbifhoprick, bifhoprick, or other ecckfiaftical living, for any buildings or improvements, fuch certificate fhall contain a true account of the true yearly value or income of the faid archbifhoprick, bifhoprick, or ecckfiaftical liv^ ing, as the fame fhall be proved to be before fuch perfons refpeftively, who fhall grant fuch certificate, whole jodg* *	©cat

Digitized by Google

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George IIL	j	if

went therein (hall be final; and that the faid yearly value or	A. D.

income ihall be computed of that particular ecclefiaftical	1771-2.

living only, whereon fuch buildings or improvements arc Chap. 17. made, and no other, unlefs there be a real union by or pur-fuant to any ad of Parliament of the faid living with other livings, from which it is infeparable; and whereas fevcral livings or benefices have for time immemorial been appropriated to or annexed to deanries, archdeanrics, or prebends, or for the confolidation and appropriation whereof royal charters have been granted : be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That where any buildings and improve- By ra G. r, ments have been or Ihall be made on any glebe or menfal c. io. f. 1. inv-lands belonging to any dean, archdeacon, prebendary, or Pavement on other dignitary, or on the lands belonging to any benefice, jucVaiidVnlcn-redory, or vicarage, which have been united or confolidat- c<\ in the valued to fuch dignities from time immemorial, or for the con- tion anj cerd-folidation and appropriation whereof royal charters have been ficatc-granted, though the evidence of fuch confolidations and appropriations is now loft by the length of time, and the troubles of this kingdom, that then and in all fuch cafes the whole value of ail fuch dignities, and the feveral livings thereto united, annexed, or appropriated, (hall be included and inferted in the valuation, and in the certificate granted or to be granted for fuch buildings apd improvements.

VII.	And whereas feveral of the glebe houfes formerly creded in this kingdom have been built of bad material^ and are fo ill contrived and fituated, as that they require to be rebuilt, which in many places cannot conveniently be done by reafon of the bad fituation thereof; and a doubt hath arifen, whether the fite of fuch old houfes may be changed, and a new houfc built in any other place, within the intent	1

and meaning of the former laws for building and improving on glebe lands, fo as to intitle the incumbent, that lhall build fuch new houfes, to the encouragement given in the fakl ads ; for clearing of which doubts, and for the further encouragement of building new houfes on new fites, and the better execution of the faid ads, be it further declared and enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall Site of glehs and may be lawful for any ecclefiaftical perfon, having any benefice w ith cure of fouls, with the confent and approbati- chan^cd ai d on of the archbifhop or bifhop of the diocefe, fignified by cre.il a new one writing under his hand and feal, to change the fite of the more convent-glebe noufe to fuch benefice belonging, and to make, build, cttt» or ered a new glebe houfe, outhoufes, orchards, gardens, jind other necefiary improvements on any other part of his glebe land belonging to his benefice, that (hull be more fit and convenient for the refidence of him and his fucceffors ; and that fuch ecclefiaftical perfons, who (hall build and improve in manner aforefaid, or have already built and fin-6	proved

Jt* _

5 A- D*

i77*'*r

£

All demands

^ building, c. rclcafcd.

Not obliged %o repair the former glebe houfe.

^ On dllapida-

tion of incumbent, &c. as by 7» 8 G 3. c. 9. a monition if-fued to repair as

Tie eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III proved on a new fite, and have procured or (hall proem luch certificate, as is dlre&ed by the (aid former a&s, (hall be intitled to all the encouragement*,! and (hall and may have, take, receive, and recover all fuch fum and fums of money, as he or they would or might be intitled to hav* and receive for the building fuch houfe, and making fuch improvements by the faid former a&a and by this prefent a& ; and that the immediate fuccefiors of fuch incumbent and their fuccefiors refpe&ively, and their refpe&ive executors or adminiftrators, (hall he intitled to and (hall and may have and receive fuch proportions of the fum and fums of pioney, laid out and expended in ere&ing fuch new houfe and making other improvements, as they would be refpect tively intitled to by virtue of the faid former a£b or this a&; the faid feveral and refpc&ive fums to be received and recovered at fuch times, and in fuch manner, and by fuch ways and methods, as ecclefiaftical perfons are enabled by the faid former a£b and by this a& to recover any fum or fums of money laid out in building and making other im-i jprovements on their glebe lands.

VIII.	Provided that no ecclefiaftical perfon, who at the time of his building or improving on fuch new fite (hall have a mansion houfe on his glebe, (hall be intitled to or have any certificate for fuch new building or improvements, until he (hall execute and perfect a good and fufficient releafe and difeharge of all demands whatfoever, that fie, his executors* pr adminiftrator* might or could have had, or be intitled unto, for or on account of the building or improving of fliat houfe, whereof the fite (hall be changed purfuant to this a&.

IX.	Provided alfo, That no ecclefiaftical perfon, that has changed or (hall change the fite of his glebe houfe, and make new buildings and improvements, (hall, from the time he (hall fa build and improve, be obliged to keep the former glebe houfe or outhoufes thereunto belonging in repair, or be chargeable with dilapidations for not repairing thereof.

X.	And for the more effe&ual prevention of dilapidations of glebe houfes and other improvements, made upon church lands, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes whatfoever where any dilapidations have happened either by negleA of the incumbent, or any of his pre-deceffors, and that the glebe houfes or other improvements are out of repair, or in a ruinous or decayed condition for want of the proper, annual, apd neceffory repairs, that then and iv\ all fuch cafes it (hall and may be lawful to and for the feveral archbi(hops and bi(hops within their refpe&ive diocefes (after fuch commiffion has ifiued, and fuch fteps have been taken to ascertain fuch fums as (hall be adjudged

reasonable

Digitized by

Google

The eleventh and twelfth Teen $f George IJL	fig

reafionable to be expended for the repair of fuch dilapidati-	A. D.

on*, as by an aft made in the eighth year of his prefent Ma-	1771-2.

jefty. intitled, An ad for explaining and amending an ad paf- Chap, 17. fed in the fecond year of bis Majtjiy King George the jirjl9 intitled, An ad for the real union and divi/ion of part/hes9 and for other purpofes therein mentioned, and the laws now in force in this kingdom arc directed) to ifluc a monition under their archiepifcopal or epifcopal feals to the incumbent of any fuch benefice or other ecclefiailical preferment, where fuch dilapidation hath fo happened, admonidling fuch incumbent within a certain time to be fpecified in faid monition effedu-ally to repair all fuch defeds, as have fo happened by means of fuch dilapidations as aforefaid, and to restore the fame, and put the faid houfe and other improvements in fuch ilauneh and habitable order and condition, as that the fame may be fit and proper for the refidence of the incumbent and his fuccefTors; and in cafe the incumbent after being duly ferved with faid monition (hall refufe or ncgled to obey the fame, that then and in all fuch cafes it (hall and may be lawful to and for the feveral archbilhops and bifhops within their re-fpedive diocefes, and they are hereby fpecially required, to put one moiety of the rents and profits of fuch benefice or other ecclefiailical preferments under fequeilration, until a fum fhall be received fufficient to anfwbr the purpofes of faid « monition, and to put fuch houfe or other improvements in (launch and habjtable order and condition, fo as to be fit and proper for the refidence of the incumbent and bit* fuc-ceffors; and every fuch incumbent, or, in cafe a vacancy (hall happen, every fuccefior of fuch incumbent, (hall effec* tually repair all fuch defeds, as were fpecified in the laid mo-nition, and (hall receive from time to time from fuch fcquef-trator fuch fums of money, as (hall be nccefiary to complcat fuch repairs, and in the fpace of twelve months (hall produce proper vouchers to the archbilhop or bilhop of the dioccfe re-fpeelively, that the fum of money, raifed in manner afore-laid, has been juftly laid out in fuch repairs.

XI.	Provided always, That nothing in this ad contain- Farmer law* ed (hall extend, or be confirucd to extend, to take away ayainft diUpida-from the force of any law or llatute now in being in this.*'00 inf«,rcc< kingdom to prevent dilapidations ; but that the fame (hall fAVC c ‘ continue in full force, as if this ad had never been made,

unlefs where the fame arc altered or amended by this prefent ad.

XII.	And whereas by an ad of Parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the firlt, intitled.

An ad for the more effedual rrefting and better regulating of jree fchools9 and for rebuilding and repairing of churches, after the reciting that mod of the lands, that were granted by King Charles the firft to James, then lord archbilhop of

Armagh,

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. Armagh, and his fuccefTors, in trpft for the matters of fere* ral free fchools for the time being, did to the great disadvantage of. the country continue unimproved, becaufe the tenants holding fuch lands could not have a certain iptereft therein for any term of years; it is among other things for the reafons aforefaid ena&ed, that it fhould and might be lawful to and for the archbifhop of Armagh and his fuccek fors by and with the confent of the refpe&ive fphoclmafters, teflified by their being parties and figning fuch leafe or leafes, to demife, fet, and to farm let, all or any part of the faidland, for any term not exceeding twenty-one years, and for no longer term, from the making thereof, at and pnder the bed and mod improved rent that could be gtft for the fame, to be referved to the faid archbifhop and bis fuc-peffors in trud for the maders rtf the faid refpe&ive fchools for the time being, fp as there be no other leafe in being, which fhould not expire within one year from the making fuch leafe or leafes : and whereas there are not fit and convex jiient houfes for the refidence of fuch maders, and for the reception and accommodation of fchplars, or perfons to be inflru&ed by them, owing in a great meafure to the want pf power in fuch archbifhop with the like confent from time to time tp renew the leafes, or to make new leafes of the faid lands; for remedy whereof, be it enadled by the autho-Archbiihop of rity aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for

Armagh, &c. pjchard archbifhop of Armagh and his fuccefTors in trud as may leaie not r r ., r . r . b ,	„	.	,	.	.	.

above 2i yean atoreiaid irom time to time, and at all times, by and with

aaherpin, the confent of the refpe&ive fchoolmaders, tedified by their

being parties and figning fuch leafe or leafes, to demife, fet,

and to farm let, all or any part of the faid lands for any

term not exceeding twenty-one years, and for no longer

term, from the making thereof; upon which leafe and leafes

fhall be referved and continued due and payable unto the faid

archbifhop and his fuccefTors during the faid term of twenty-

one years fo much yearly rent or profits, at the pearl of the

Jeffees who fhall take the fame, as the three fourths of the

true value of the faid lands at thetjmeof making fuch leafe

fhall amount unto, as the fame fhall or may hereafter appear

upon a legal trial between the fuccefTors of fuch leffor or

lefTor8, if they fhall cjueflion the fame, arid the faid leffees

or their aflignees, by verdict of twelve indifferent perfons

at the common law, which verdift fhall be peremptory to

both parties and their refpe&ive fuccefTors and afligns during

faid term, in which leafes fhall be contained no power, liber?

ty, or privilege for fuch leffees or their aflignees to commit

wafte, or to be difpunifhable of wafte.

Renewal fines XIII. Provided, That whatfoever fine or fum of money

paid to arch-	fhall be given for or on account of every or any leafe, or renew-

pifhcp,	jd of a leafe, of any pf faid land** mall be paid to The laid

iuxhbiftop

520

A.

D*

1771-2. Chap. 17.

Digitized by

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. arcbbilhop and his fucceflors, to be laid out by him and tliem with the confent of the refpe&ive matters of fuch fchools in building and repairing houfes for the refidence of fuch matters, and for the reception and accommodation of fcholars, or perfons to be inftru&ed by them, or otherwifc for the ufc and benefit of fuch fchnols.

CHAP. XVIII.

An Act for the Regulation of the City of Cork, and for other Purpofes therein mcntioned% relative to the faid City.

HEREAS money for ere&ing and fupplying of Amended 17, publick lights in the city of Cork, and for difeharge 18 O. 3. c. 38. of prefentraents granted at the affizes for the county of the <9> faid city for the repaii ing of roads, ttreets, and other pub- *!• lick ufes, and for difeharge of paritti rates made at the ref-tries in the parilhes of the faid city of Cork, and payment of clerk’s dues, hath by the. laws now in force been raifed and levied according to the reputed fubftance and circum* fiances of the inhabitants of the faid city of Cork and the fuburbs thereof: and whereas fuch manner of railing and levying money hath been found butthenfome on many individuals, and the fame tends to hurt the publick credit of merchants and other traders in the faid city of Cork by cauling inquiries to be made into their refpe&ive circumftan-ces and fortunes: for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and coafent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of July next, Mayor, lho-it (hall and may be lawful to and for the mayor, (heriffs, “d com-and common council of the city of Cork to alTemble at fuch cori/ma^ ap^ time or times, as they (hall fee moft neceflary, and that they valuators or the majority of them fo aftembled lhall by one or more to value houfes order or orders under their hai.^e, or the hands of the ma- *» herein, jority of them, appoint two or more inhabitants of each of the parilhes of the faid city of Cork, to wit, the parilh of the Holy Trinity otherwife called Chrift Church, the parilh bf faint Peter, the parilh of faint Paul, the parilh of faint Mary Shandon, the parilh of faint Ann’s, the parilh of faint Finbarry, and the parilh of faint Nicholas, to be valuators for the purpofes herein after mentioned 5 and that fuch valuators, t)r any feven or more of them, lhall have full power, and are hereby required, to value and afeertain diftin&ly and ftparately the yearly value of each dwelling-houfe, outhoufe, office, cellar, liable, linney, and yard m	*

the faid feveral parilhes, and lhall after making fuch valuation? reduce the fame to writing, diflinguifhing the valua-

A. D.

1771-2.

Digitized by CjOOQle

£2*	Tfa	eleventh	and	twelfth Tears §f George I1L

A. D:	tion of each parifh by itfclf; and that fuch valuators, or any

1771-a.	ftven or more of them, (hall in fuch valuation mention the

Chap. 18. names of the immediate tenants or occupiers of the refpec-tive premifTes fo valued ; and that upon the completion of the valuation of each of th£ faid parifhcs the (aid valuators, or any (even or more of them, (hall return the fame in writing under their hands and feals to the mayor of the (aid city of Cork for the time being ; and the (aid valuations fo to be made (hall, when made, be depofited in the office of the town clerk of the (aid city of Cork, there to remain as publick records for the infpedion of the inhabitants of the laid city of Cork and the liberties thereof; and that other copies of the faid valuations, attefted by the town clerk of the (aid city, (hall with all convenient fpeed be delivered to. the treafurer of the county of the (aid city of Cork ; and that other copies of the faid valuations, attefted by the {aid town clerk, (hall with all convenient fpeed be delivered to the perfons or one of the perfons, that (hall be the contractors or contrador for ere&ing, fupplying, and maintaining publick lights in the faid city of Code; and that a copy of the valuation of each of the dud pariihes, attefted by the {aid town clerk, (hall with all convenient fpeed be delivered to the refpedive church wardens of the faid parifti, or one of them, to be kept amongft the veftry books of the (aid pariih, fo that each parifti may be in pofieffion of its own valuation: and that copies of fuch valuations, attefted by the (aid town clerk, (hall in all courts and upon all occafions be deemed full and fatisfadory evidence of fuch valuations.

II.	And whereas many houfes, outhonfes, offices, cellars, and ftables in the (aid city of Cork and the liberties thereof have been built a long time, and are in a ruinous and decaying date, by means whereof the prefent yearly value of them may be afeertained at a very low rate : and whereas the fame in procefs of time may be rebuilt: and whereas many of the outhoufes, offices, cellars, ftables, yards or linneys in the (aid city of Cork and the fuburbs thereof may be hereafter converted into dwelling houfes, or Other houfcs or offices of more profit or yearly value, than they may be afeertained at in the firft valuation of them to be made under this ad: and whereas many plots oi pieces of ground in the (aid city of Cork and the fuburbs thereof may be wafte at the time of the (aid valuation, and afterwards dwelling houfes, outhoufes, offices, cellars, ftables, yards, Or linneys may be built thereon: therefore be it further en-New valuati- aded by the authority aforefaid. That whenever any dwelling 5^°?! re~ koufe, outhoufe, office, cellar, or (table, (hall be rebuilt th* original/ cadged in the (aid city of Cork pr the fuburbs thereof!

or say new dwelling houfe, outhoufe, cellar, office, (table,

fcpiyi

Tbe eleventh end Hedftb Teen of George III.

Honey, or yard (hall be cre&ed or built in the (aid diy of Cork or the fuburbs thereof, or any outhoufc, office, cellar, liable, or linney (hall be changed into a dwelliog houfe, or other houfe or office, that the (aid mayor, fhcriffg, and common council of the laid city of Cork for the time being, or the majority of them in common council aflembled, (hall direct, that the valuators to be fo appointed purfuant to this a&, or any feven or more of them, (hall value and ascertain the yearly value of fuch newly ere&ed, rebuilt, or enlarged haufe, and the yearly value of fuch new built of crc&ed dwelling houfe, outhoufe, office, cellar, liable, linney, or yard, and of fuch dwelling houfe, or other houfe or office, made out of fuch outhoufe, office, cellar, liable, or linney ; and that fuch valuation (hall be inferted in or added to the original valuation of the parilh, in which fuch houfe (hall be rebuilt or enlarged, or fuch new dwelling houfe, outhoufe, office, cellar, foible, yard, or linney, (hall be built or ere&ed, or fuch outhoufe, office, cellar, liable, or linney (hall be fo changed ; and the faid valuators, or any feven or more of them, are hereby impowered and required %o make fuch Several new valuatipns, as are herein before jnentioned, accordingly ; and fuch new valuations (hah, Horn the refpc&ivc times of their being inferted in or added to the laid original valuations, be deemed and taken as part of faid original valuations,

III.	And whereas the faid valuators, or fome of them, may die, or remove from the parilh, for which he or they may be appointed valuator or valuators : therefore be 4t further enacled by the authority aforefaid, That the mayor, fheriffo, and common council of the faid city of Cork for the time being, or the majority of them in common council alTembled, (hall from time to time, as occaiion (hall require, by fuch order or orders as aforefaid appoint one or more valuator or valuators in fuch of the faid parilhes in the room and (lead of fuch valuator or valuators, as (hall fo happen to die or remove from fuch parilh, and that fuch new valuators and valuator, fo to be appointed, (hall have like power and authority with any of the laid other valuators hereinbefore mentioned,

rV. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the herein before mentioned valuators lhall have full power to enter in the day time into and upon any dwelling houfe, outhoufe, office, cellar, liable, linney, or yard in the city of Coik, and the fuburbs thereof, and to infpe& the lame in order the better to afeertain the true yearly value thereof.

V.	Provided always, and be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That after the appointment of the laid Valuators, or any of them, by the mayor, (heriffs, and

common

5*3 A. D

1771-3. Chap, ) 9,

On death or removal, others appointed.

May enter by day to infpeA.

Oath by valuator* altered 17, 18 G. 3. c. 38.

Digitized by

Google

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. common covncij of the faid city of Cork, or the majority of them in common council affembled, the faid valuators fd appointed (hall be fummoned to appear at fome court of quarter-feflions of the peace to be held for the county of the foid city of Cork, or at fome adjournment of fuch court, and that then and there in open court at fuch quarter-feflions of the peace, or adjournment thereof, each of the fold valuators (hall take the following oath, to wit,

I A. B. do fwear, that I will to the hejl of my knowledge, Jkilly and judgment, value or ajcertain the true yearly value of every dwelling houfe, outhoufe, office, cellar, Jlable, linney, and yard in the faid city of Corky and the fuburbs thereof, without favour or ajfeQ'ton, malice, or ill-will to any perfon or perfons whatfoever; and that I will make a true and jujl return to the mayor of the faid city of fuch valuation fo made, and no other.

which oath the faid court is hereby authorized to adminif-not appear- tcr* And in cafe any of faid valuators (hall refufe or ne-inp, Ac. fined -gle& to appear at fuch court or quarter-feflions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, purfuant to fuch fummons, or appearing (hall refufe or omit to take the aforefaid oath, the fame being tendered to him, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch court of quarter-feflions of the peace to impofe a fine, not exceeding twenty pounds, and not lefs than five pounds, on fuch valuators as (hall fo refufe or negle& to appear, or appearing, (hall refufe or omit to take the faid oath, the fome being tendered to him; and that fuch court of quarter-feflions (hall caufe ptocefs in the nature of an execution to iflue againft the valuator fo fined as aforefaid, dire&ed to the (heriffs of the county of the city of Cork, to levy off the goods and chattels of fuch valuator the amount of the faid fine, which fine, when levied, the faid (heriffs are hereby required to pay over to the governors of the work-houfe of the city of Cork, for the ufe of the faid work-houfe.

Refummoned' VI. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-and fined totics faid, That fuch valuator, as (hall be fined as aforefaid, (hall quotic*.	be refummoned to appear at fome future day, at fuch court

of quarter-feflions of the peace, or at fome adjournment thereof; and in cafe he (hall refufe or negle& to appear purfuant to fuch fummons, or appearing, (hall refufe or omit to take fuch oath, the fame being tendered to him, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid, or any fubfequent court of quarter-feflions of the peace, to impofe another fine on fuch valuator, not exceeding twenty pounds nor lefs than five pounds, to be levied and applied in man-

str

• #

$* 4

A. D. 1771-s. Chap. 18.

Digitized by C^ooQle

7he eleventh and twelfth Tears of George lit/

*wer aforefaid, and fo on, toties quoties, until fuch valuator A. D« fhall appear and fubmtt to take the (aid oath.	1771*2.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the Chap. 18. authority aforefaid, That if it (hall appear by good and fuf- \

ficient proof upon oath to the juftices at any court of quar* Eicufedon ter-feffions of the peace to be held for the county of the city of hiabilj-of Cork, or at any adjournment thereof, that any of theAc’ laid valuators, by age, infirmities, or failure in circum-ftances, is rendered unlit to execute the faid office of valuator, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the per-Ion and perfons fo prefiding at any ftich court of quarter-fcflions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, to excufe fuch perfons from executing the (aid office of valuator, and that the juftices at fuch court of quarter-feffions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, (hall certify to the mayor, fhcriffs, and common council of the faid city of Cork, that fuch pCrfon hath been excufed from ferving the faid office of valuator, and the reafon of fuch excufe, sind that the mayor, (heriffs, and common council of the faid city of Cork for the time being, or the majority of them, in common council aflembled, (hall thereupon by fuch orders or order as aforefaid, appoint another valuator in the parilh, and in the place of the valuator fo excufed, which valuator fo appointed (hall have the like power and authority with any ot the other valuators herein before mentioned.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authori- Quakers * ty aforefaid, That if any perfon of the profeffion of the affirm.

people called quakers (hall be appointed to be one of the 'faid valuators, that the folemn affirmation of the faid perfon (hall be taken in lieu of the aforefaid oath, which affirmation fuch court is hereby authorized to adminifter.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed by the authority Other valna-

aforefaid, That in cafe any of the (aid valuators fhould not tor» appointed within two months after his or their being appointed a valu-	*

ator Or valuators take upon him or them the office of valuator or valuators, and take the aforefaid oath or affirmation,

as the cafe may be, that then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the mayor, (heriffs, and common council of the faid city, aflembled as aforefaid, or the majority of them by fuch orders or order as aforefaid, to appoint other valuators or valuator, in the refpe&ive parifhes in the places ' or place of fuch valuators or valuator, as (hall not take the faid oath or affirmation within the aforefaid time, and that fuch valuators or valuator, fo to be appointed, (hall have like power and authority as the other valuiuors herein before mentioned*

X.	Provided

Digitized by v^ooQle

Summoned to feffions, and their progrefs inquired into, *C.

Valuation by 7 fworn good, tho* others not fworn into office.

Valuation final favt as excepted.

Cabin or houfe under 40s. ▼early not included.

Tit eteixnth and twelfth Tears of George lit.

X.	Provided alfo, That none of faid valuators (hall ad as valuator or valuators, Until he or they (hall take the (aid. oath or affirmation, as the cafe may be.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-* faid,* That the faid juftices at any court of quarter-feffion* of the peace, to be held in and for the county of the city of Cork, or at any adjournment thereof, fhall have power from time to time to fummons fuch of the faid valuators, as /hall be fo fworn, or take fuch affirmation as aforefaid, to appear before them in open court, and then and there to make enquiry, in a fummary way, by examination of fuch Valuators on oath, or on fuch folemn affirmation, if the valuator be a quaker, which oath or affirmation, as the cafe may be, the faid court is hereby authorised to adminiiter, or by examination of witnefTes, what progrefs fuch valuators have made in making the faid valuations: and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid couit of quarter-fef-fions of the peace to impofc any fine not exceeding twenty pounds, nor lefs than five pounds, on any one or more of the (kid valuators fo fworn to value, or fo having taken iaid folemn affirmation to value as aforefaid, who fhall refufe of ftegled to appear purfuant to fuch (umfnons, or who ap-.pearing, (hall be found by the faid Court of quarter-feflionS of the peace, upon fuch enquiry to have been negligent in attending to and making the faid Valuation within as Convent ent time as fuch valuation ought to or might have been done j the faid fines to be levied and applied in the fame manner as the other fines herein before mentioned are to be levied and applied.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the .authority aforefaid, That the valuation of the faid feveral parifhes in the faid city of Cork and the fuburbs thereof by any feven or more of the faid valuators fo appointed and fworn, or having taken fuch folemn affirmation, as the cife may be, fhall be good and valid to all intents and purpdfes whatfoever ; notwithftanding that fome one or more of the valuators, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, (hall not be fworn into the (aid office, or have taken the aforefaid folemn affirmation, to value at the time the (aid feven or more of the (aid valuators, who fhall be fo fworn, or fhall have fo taken the faid folemn affirmation to value, (hall have made and returned the faid valuation.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That faid valuation or valuations be final and conclufive, fave as herein before is excepted.

XIV.	And whereas there are many cabins and houfes irf the faid city of Cork and the fuburbs thereof, which are .in-♦habited by labourers and others, poor people, who are unable to contribute to any of the publick taxes-or charges of

the

Digitized by L,ooQle

The eleventh mi twelfth Venn of George Ilf, the laid city: be it therefore further ena&ed by the autho- A, B. rity aforelaid, That the Cud valuators (hall pals over and 1771*2. not include in the laid valuation, fo to be returned by them. Chap. 18. any cabin or houfe in the (aid dty of Cork or the fuburbe thereof, which is or (hall be under the yearly value of forty (hillings, any thing in this aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* Such prefect-

(aid. That all fuch money, which (hall be prefented to be	^

raifed by grand juries at the feveral aflizes to be held for the T

county of the city of Cork, as would according to the laws now in force be applotted and raifed upon the inhabitants of the faid city of Cork and the fuburbs thereof according tn their fubftance or reputed circumftancet, (ball from and after the (aid firft day of July neat be levied upon and paid by the tenants, owners, and occupiers of the houfes, outhoufes, offices, cellars, (tables, yards, and linneys in the (aid city nod fuburbs thereof rateably and in proportion to the valuations, to be made in manner afbreOud of their refpeo-tive houfes, outhoufes, offices, cellars, fUbks, yards and linneys.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Tresfnrer faid, That the treafurer of the county of the (aid city of ma7 warw Cork (hall with all convenient fpeed after the end of every

aflizes, to be held for the county of the (aid city, or at the u herein, fartheft within one calendar month, to be computed from the laft day of each of the faid affixes, iffue his warrants under his hand and feal, directed to the feveral conftables of the feveral parifhes, quarters, and diftri&s in the (aid city of Cork and the fuburbs thereof, for the colle&mg and levying fuch part of the money prefented to be raided at the then next preceding affixes, as heretofore would have been colle&ed from and levied on the inhabitants of the (aid dty of Cork and the fuburbs thereof according to their circumflances or reputed circumflances ; and that in (aid refpeftive warrants (hall be mentioned the proportion of (aid money, that each of .the (aid tenants, occupiers, or owners (hall be liable to for his dwelling houfe or dwelling houfes, outhoufes, offices, cellars, (tables, linneys, and yards; and the (aid conftables are hereby impowered, authorized, and required to receive from the tenants, occupiers, or owuers of the (aid dwelling houfes, outhoufes, offices, cellars, (tables, linneys, ana yards, the fums proportioned in the (aid warrants on them refpe&ively : and in cafe of nonpayment for two days after demand made by the (aid conftables, or any of them, on the refpe&ive tenants, occupiers, or owners of the faid dwelling houfes, outhoufes, offices, cellars, (tablet, linneys, and yards, for the payment of their refpe&ive proportions of (aid money, that it Audi and may be lawful to and for

Digitized by L.ooQle

>J2§

A. D.

1771-3, Chap. 18,

The eleventh anJ twelfth Yeah ^George III. die {aid conflables refpe&ively to enter into and uport tb< faid dwelling houfes, outhoufes, offices, cellars, /tables* linneys and yards refpe&ively, and diftrain any goods or chatties, that may be found upon the fame, for the proportion of the faid money fo charged on them refpe&ively j and the diflrefs or difireflies fo taken (if not redeemed in two days from the day of diflraining, with the payment alfo of an Englifh /hilling for the trouble of fuch diflraining) to fell by publick cant for the paynient of the faid money, for which fuch dillrefs or diftrefles {hall be fo taken, together with one Englifh {hilling for the. trouble of fuch diftrainT ing, rendering the overplus (if any {hall be) to the owner or owners of fuch diflrefs or diftreflefs ; and in cafe no fuffici-ent diflrefs can be fo had or found, or in cafe the premifles liable fo to be diftrained (hall be kept locked or faftened, fo as that the conflables {hall be prevented from entering and diflraining for the faid money, that then it {hall and may be •lawful tp and for the treafurer of the county of the faid city to fummon the tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, owner or owners of the premifles, fo locked or faftened up* to appear before the mayor of the faid city, or any of the aldermen of the ward of the faid city, for the payment of the money fo charged on the faid premifles, fo locked or faftened up ; and in cafe of non-appearances of the party or parties fo fummoned, and proof made by oath or affidavit before the faid mayor or aldermen refpe&ively of fuch. parties having been fummoned, which oath or affidavit the faid mayor and alderman are hereby refpe&ively authorized to adminifter, or in cafe of the appearance of fuch party or parties, and refufmg to pay the money fo due on the premises fo guarded, locked, or faftened up, and to which fuch party or parties {hall be tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, owner or owners, together with four pence for the coft of fuch fummons, that then it {hall and may be law*r ful to and for the faid mayor, or fuch alderman of the ward wfyo granted the faid fummons, to iflue a warrant under his hand and feal in the nature of an execution, dire&ed to the conflables of the county of the faid city, or any one or more of them, or to fome fpecial cou (table to be appointed for that purpofe, to levy of the goods and chatties of the party or parties fo fummoned, his, her, or their proportion of the faid money, together with the fum of ten pence for the coft of the faid fummons and warrant, and the further fum of one Englifh {hilling for the conftable’s trouble for levying the faid money ; and the faid money fo levied Ihall be paid immediately on the levying thereof to the faid treafurer by the conftable, who {hall levy the fame, together with the faid fum of ten pence the cofts of the faid fum-xnong and warrant; and the faid treafurer {hall pay over the

6£4

Digitized by kjOOQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George 111-	529

faid fum of ten pence to the faid mayor, or to the alderman	A. D.

of the ward, that fhall have iflued the faid fummons and	1771-2.

warrant.	Chap.	18.

XVII.	Provided always, That no owner or owners (hall	f

be liable to he fo fummoned, or to pay any part of the faid . N‘J owner

money, when there is an a&ual yearly tenant in poflellion of where a . J •tr	r	1 • 1	1	r	.	r	r ,	yearly	tenant	id

the premmes, out of which the laid money is refufed or ne- poiTcilion.

gle6fed to be paid.

XVIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, ^an(|s jn That nothing herein contained (hall be conilrued, deemed, norch ana

or taken to exempt the lands in the north and fouth liber- liberties charged

ties of the city of Cork from paying or being charged with prefent-

with their proportion of the money to be prefented to be mcnt# 48 btlorCi

raifed at the feveral aflizes to be held for the county of

the faid city of Cork, but that the faid lands (hall pay

and be charged with their proportion of fuch money in

fuch manner and according to fuch rate and computation as

heretofore, any thing in this a& to the contrary' notwith-

Ilanding.

XIX.	And whereas the lands in the (aid north liberties of the city of Cork are comprifed in the county books of the county of the faid city, by the plowland, half plowland, and quarter plowland, with particular appellations to each r and whereas the high conftables of the laid north and fouth liberties, and the conftables of the feveral parilhes and dif-tri6U in the north and fouth liberties a&ing under the faid high condables, are often obliged to diilrain fome one particular denomination of each of the faid plowlands, half plow-land, or quarter plowlands, for the intire acreable tax or charge impofed on fuch plowland, half plowland, and quarter plowland : therefore be it further enacted by the autho- Perform dif-rity aforefaid. That the perfon or perfons, who (hall be dif- 1 wTand tax trained for and (hall pay the whole of fuch tax or charge fo to‘ rccovc*r impofed on the faid plowland, half plowland, or quarter dividend hf ci-plowland, (hall be intitled to receive from the other tenants V,1 hill, if abewd Or occupiers of the faid plowland, half plowland, or quar- 4°s*

Jer plowland, his, her, or their dividend of the faid acrea-ble tax or charge according to the number of the (latute acres, that he, (lie, or they (hall hold, poflefs, or enjoy, and (hall recover the fame from fuch perfon or perfons in cafe of re-fufai of payment by civil bill, at the adzes to be held tor the county of the faid city of Cork, if above the fum of forty (hillings, or before the mayor of the faid city of Cork,

Or one of the aldermen of the ward of the faid city of Cork, if under the fum of forty (hillings, according to the fum-mary jurifdi&ion eftabiilhed by a& of Parliament in the, faid city of Cork, together with reafonable cods of fuit. .

VObi V.	L 1	XX.	And

Digitized by CjOOQle

53°

A. D.

1771*2* Chap. 18.

v. -Treafurer’s falaiy 8ol. in-fccaul of 40I.

Publick light! regulated in •ouiKii chamber.

lamp contractors 1 year, or •ot above 3,

The eleventh and twelfth Years of George III.

XX.	And whereas the treafurer of the county of the faid city of Cork will have great trouble in receiving and paying the publick money appointed to be railed at the fevera! affixes to be held for the county of the faid city ^of Cork, and alfo in making out lifts and warrants for the feveral con-fiables in the leveral parifhes in the faid city of Cork, and the fuburbs thereof, and the high conllables for tire north ^nd fouth liberties of the faid city of Cork: And whereas the prefent falarv of forty pounds a year is an inadequate reward for Inch trouble : therefore be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the treafurer of the county of the faid city of Cork for the time being may from and after the full day of July next rective a falary not exceeding eighty pounds a year in (lead of the prefent falary of foity pounds a year: and that the grand jury of each of the laid affixes, to be held for the county of the faid city of Cor£ after the faid firft day of July next, may prefent a fum not exceeding forty pounds to be raifed and paid to the treafurer of the county of the faid city of Cork for the time being in full for his half a year's falary due at fuch affixes.

XXI.	And whereas the feveral laws, heretofore made for erecting and maintaining publick lights in the faid city of Cork and the fubuihs thereof, have proved ineffectual: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That fiorn and after the firft day of July next it fhali and may be lawful to and for the mayor, fheriffs, and common council of the city of Cork to affemble at the council chamber of the faid city of Cork from time to time, and at fuch time and times as they (hall think proper, and to afeer-tain and fix on the number and kind of lamps neceffary for the faid city and fuburbs thereof, and 'the places where the fame fhali be erected, and the manner of eredling the fame, and the time when and how long the faid lamps fhali be and continue lighted, and the manner of lighting, cleanfing, trimming, fnuffing, maintaining, and repairing the fame, together with the amount of the fums of money to be expended in the ere&ing, lighting, cleanfing, trimming, fnuffing, maintaining, and repairing each of the faid lamps ; arid that it fhali and may be lawful t6 and for the mayors, fheriffs, and common council of the fail city of Cork, or the majority of the them, from time to time to agree with and appoint any perfon or perfons to be lamp contra&or or contra<ftors for erefting, lighting, cleanfing, trimming, fnuffing, repairing .and maintaining lamps in the faid city and the fuburbs thereof for one year, or for any number of years not exceeding three years ; and‘the perfon or perfon* fo appointed fhali, before he or they fhali enter upon the execution of the faid office, give fccurity by bond, condL

6	tione^

Digitized by

Google

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. tioned in fuch fum as to the faid mayor, (herilfs, and common council, or the majority of them, (hall feem reafonable, and payable to the mayor, iheritTs, a.rl commonalty of the faid city of Cork, with two fu.iicient fecurities for the due and faithful execution of his or their office or offices; and bond with

that it (hall	and may be lawful	to	and for the	faid	mayor, (he-	fu^t‘cs? '

,	7	.	..	r \	1	lect aIld rcce,v<

rins, and common council, or the majority ot them, to con- moncy by dif-

(litute, nominate, and appoint by order or orders under their trclV aud fale, hands and feals, or the hands and feals of the majority of ^c* them, fuch lamp contractoi or contractors to collect and receive the money, which (hall be f<> afeertained by the faid mayor, fheriffs, and common council for the erecting, cleanf-ing, trimming, funding, n lint lining and repairing the faid lamps yearly, and tint the nid limp contractor or con-

the feme half yearly from >r own -rs, of the fcveral S celiacs {tables linneys, > k and the hihurbs there-h ms aiorefaid, by a poun-to fay, that the annual fumg

tractors fiiaU colie-d and the feveral taring, oc-upv.s ^ dwelling houRs,	r> s, odir

and yards, in the fii 1 c’ty ot* C of, according to the lev< d \ .In. age on faid valuations, that is to he afeertained by the faid mayor, (hcriKs and common council, or the majority of them, for ere&ing, lighting, cleanfing, trimming, funding, maintaining, and repairing the faid lamps, (hall be levied upon and paid half yearly by the tenants, owners, and occupiers of the houfes, outhoufes, offices, cellars. Rabies, yards, aud linneys in the faid city and fuburbs thereof ratcahly and in proportion to the valuations, to be mndc in manner aforefiid, of their refpe&ive houfes, outhoufes, offices, cellars. Rabies, yards, and lin-neys ; and in cafe of non-payment for two days after demand made by the faid lamp contractor or contractors on the tenants oxupiers, or owners of the faid dwelling houfes, outhoufes, offices, cellars, (tables, linneys, or yards, for the payment of their refpective proportions of the faid lamp money, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid lamp contractor or contractors, or any of them, or for the bailiff of them, or any of them, appointed for that purpofe under the hand and feal of fuch lamp contractor, or under the hands and feals of fuch lamp contractors (if more than one) to enter into and upon the faid dwelling houfes, outhoufe3, offices, cellars, Rabies, linneys, and yards respectively, and to diltrain any goods or chatties, winch may be found upon the fame, for the proportion of the faid lamp money fo charged on them refpettively ; and the diRrefs or diftrefles fo taken (if not redeemed within two days from the day of diRraining, with the payment alfo of one Englilh (hilling for the trouble of fuch diRraining) to fell by publick cant for the payment of the faid lamp money, for which fuch dif-ire& or diftrefleg (hall be fo taken, together with one Eng-

b i2	.	m

Digitized by CjOOQle

53*

A. D.

1771-2. Chap. 18.

Owner, not liable, where *&ua) tenant in poffeflion.

Lamp con-ttt&dr* remov-

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. lifh {hilling for the trouble of fuch diftraining, rendering the overplus (if any fhall be) to the owner or owners of fuch diftrefs or diftrefTes ; and in cafe no fufficient diftrefs can be had or found, or in cafe the premifTes liable to be diftrained (hall be kept locked or fattened up, fo as that, the faid lamp contra&ors, or any of them, or the bailiff of them, or any of them, fhall be prevented from entering and diftraining for the faid lamp money, that then it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid lamp contra&or or contra&ors to fummon the tenant, occupier, or owner of the premifTes, fo locked or fattened up, to appear before the mayor of the faid city, or any one of the aldermen of the ward of the faid city, for the payment of the lamp money fo charged on the faid premifTes fo guarded, locked, or fattened up ; and in cafe of non-appearance of the party fo fummoned, and proof made by oath or affidavit before faid mayor or aider-men refpedlively of fuch parties having been fummoned, which oath or affidavit the faid mayor or aldermen are hereby refpe&ively authorized to adminifter and take, or in cafe of the appearance of fuch party, and refufal to pay the lamp money fo due on the premifTes fo locked or fattened up, to which fuch party fhall be tenant, occupier, or owner, together with four pence for the coft of fuch fummons; that then it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor or fuch aldermen of the ward, who granted the faid fummons, to ifiue a warrant under his hand and feal in the nature of an execution, dire&cd to the conftables of the county of the faid city, or to any one of them, or to fome fpe-cial conftable to be appointed for that purpofe, to levy of the goods and chatties of the party fo fummoned his or her proportion of the faid lamp money, together with the fum of ten pence for the cofts of the faid fummons and warrant, and the further fum of one Englifh fhilling for the conftable pr fpe-cial conftable’3 trouble for levying the faid lamp money ; and the faid lamp money fo levied fhall be paid immediately on the levying thereof to the faid lamp contra&or or lamp con-tra&ors by the conftable or fpecial conftable, who fhall levy the fame, together with the faid fum of ten pence, the cofts of the faid fummons and warrant; and the faid lamp contra&or or lamp contra&ors fhall pay over the faid fum of ten pence to the faid mayor or to the alderman of the ward, that fhall have iflued the faid fummons and warrant.

XXII.	Provided always, That no owner fhall be liable to be fo fummoned, or to pay any part of the faid lamp money, when there is an adlual tenant in pofleffion of the premifTes, out of which the faid lamp money is refufed or negle&ed to be paid.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afort-faid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the mayor,

fheriffr.

Digitized by v^oogle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. fhcriffs, and common council of the faid city of Cork, or the majority of them, as often as any pcrfon or perfons, with whom they fhall agree and appoint to eredt, light, fnuff, cleanfe, trim, maintain, and repair the faid lamps, fhall be guilty of any negledt or mifbehaviour in the execution of for his or their faid office or offices, upon proof thereof in a “ fummary way before the faid mayor, ffieriffs, and common council by the oath of one witnefs, which oath the faid mayor is hereby authorized to adminiftcr, or by confeffion of the party, to remove him or them from his or their refpec* tive offices, and in his or their Head from time to time, to ad-point any other perfon or perfons lamp contractor or con-ra£tors to eredt, light, fnuff, cleanfe, trim, repair, and main* tain the faid lamps for one year, or any number of years not exceeding three years, taking fuch fecurity from him or them as aforefaid ; and fuch perfon or perfons, fo to be agreed with and appointed as aforefaid, may and fhall have and receive the feveral fums of money, made or to be made payable as lamp money as aforefaid, with like feveral powers of diftraining, receiving, and recovering the fame, which are herein before mentioned ; and that laid mayor, ffieriffs, and common council, or the majority of them, lhall have like power of appointing fuch perfon or perfons to colledt aud receive as aforefaid, and alio like power of removing fuch perfon or perfons, and of fubllituting otheir in their Head and place as aforefaid.

XXIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority OronnegleA aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons, whom the mayor,

ffieriffs, and common council of the faid city of Cork (hull agree with, and appoint to eredt, light, fnuff, cleanfe, trim, maintain, and repair the faid lamps as aforefaid, fhall ne-gledt to fupply the faid lamps, or any of them, with a fuf-ficient quantity of good and proper wick or oil, to continue lighting for fuch time as the faid mayor, ffieriffs, and common council, or the majority of them lhall fix on, or ffiall neglect to keep the glaffcs of faid lamps, or any of them, clean and intire, or ffiall be guilty of any other neglect, for which the mayor, ffieriffs, and common council of the faid city of Cork may not think proper or fufficient, to remove fuch lamp contractor or lamp contractors from his or their office or offices, that then and in every fuch cafe fuch per* fon or perfons fo offending ffiall forfeit for every fuch neglect the fum of five Engliih (hillings, to be recovered and levied by cliltrefs and fale of fueli offender’s goods and chat* ties after conviction in a fummary way before the mayor or other jullice of the peace of the faid city of Cork by the oath of the witnefs, which oath the faid mayor or other juftice are hereby authorized to adminiltcr, or by coiv feffion of the party accufed, and to be applied in manner herein after directed : antL that if any perfon or perfons

ffiall

Digitized by Google

to break or extingwiib lamp, the polls. Arc. ¥>'•

On payment difchargctl, laid penalties to profecution, &c.

to fteal or carry away lamps, fee. felony, tranf-portution.

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. fliall wilfully or malicion fly break, throw down, or extiil-guilh any lamp or lamps to l>e fet up to light the ftreets, lanes, or paffagrs, or quays of the fa id city of Cork, or tbe fuburbs thereof, or wilfully damage the polls, irons, or other furniture of the faid lamps, it fhall be lawful to and for anyperfon or perfons to arreft and detain fuch offender and offenders, until he, fhe, or they may be carried before the mayor, or feme other juftice of tbe peace for the faid city for the time being; and every perfon fo offending, and being thereof convifted in a fuiwnai y way by the oath of one witnefs, or by the confclTion of the party accufed, before the mayor or any juftice of the peace for the faid city of Cork, which oath the faid mayor or juftice are hereby authorized to adminifter, fhall for fuch offence forfeit the fum of forty {hillings for each lamp, poll, iron, or furniture thereof fo broken, .thrown down, extinguished, or wilfully damaged, to be recovered and levied by diftiefs and fale of the offender’s goods in manner as aforefaid, and to be applied in manner herein after mentioned ; and in cafe no goods or chatties of the perfons fo offending can at the time of fuch convi£lion be found, then and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid mayor or juftice, before whom fuch offender fhall be convidled, to commit fuch offender to the houfe of corre&icn, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not lefs than one month, and not exceeding three months.

XXV.	Provided that if fuch penalty or forfeiture fhall be paid, before the time of fuch committment be expired, that then fuch offender fhall upon fuch payment be immediately difeharged out of cuftody ; and that the faid penalty or forfeiture of five Englifh (hillings, hereby impofed on the faid lamp contra6lor or lamp contractors, or any of them, and the faid penalty or forfeiture of forty (hillings, hereby impofed on any perfon or perfons for wilfully or inalicioufty breaking, throwing down, or extinguifhing any lamp to be evefted in the faid city of Cork, or fuburbs thereof, or for wilfully damaging the pofts, irons, or other furniture of the faid lamps, or any of them, fhall be paid and applied in the manner following, that is to fay, one moiety to the perfen or perfons who fhall difeover and profecute fuch offender or offenders to conviction, and the other moiety thereof to the governors of the work houfe of the faid city of Cork for the ufe of the faid work houfe, firft deducing the expences of repairing fuch poll, iron, or their furniture ; and that if any perfon or perfons (hall fteal or forcibly carry away any of the faid lamps, iron, pofts, or furniture tl^reof, fuch perfon or perfons, being lawfully convi&ed thereof upon indi&ment, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall be

tranfported

Digitized by

Google

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. 'tLX'^nfrorted to one of h:s Majelty’s plantations in America for feven years, or fhnll be publickly whipped, at the dif-crrcrtiori of the judge who lball pafs judgment on fuch offer aiders.

XXVI.	And whereas by an aft pafTed in the fifth year of his,prefent Mahflyks reign, intituled, An aft for altering 42 *2. J amending fleer aljl at a s /creffj're made9 for the better regulation of the city of Cork* aid for regulat ing trials by juries 222 the court of re ord rf tie fai • < 7*y, mud fur ejl di'jV.rg mar-Jhjuries in the Jaid nty9 aud /■•/• he hi * tve'e and e jo^'cne nt *z*.n:ysj Jlruts, and p-f \g ( in i f '<d , ly and fulurbs thereof *xndfor preventing Jiui.d; comad.nd by the ir!:•re and meal makers of the fud city, certain powers are thereby veiled in r he mayor, (hcriffs, and conumui council of the laid city of Cork, for erecting and maintaining lamps in the faid city and the fnburbs thereof; and in and by the faid aft it is recited, that whereas tin* mayor, fluiids, and commonalty of llie faid city of Cork, not having money luiiicicnt in the hands of the faid city for the erecting and lighting lamps in the fani city and fubmbs, did on the credit of the faid funds, and in confluence of a claufe in a former aft of Parliament, borrow the fum of nine hundred and thirty eight pounds fixteen (hillings and feven pence halfpenny at interelt at the rate of live pounds for every hundred by the year, aud tint they had expended the faid fum for the pur-.pofes afore faid, and that the faid mayor, (hcriffs, and commonalty had r paid the faid lura of nine hundred and thirty eight pounds lixteen (hillings and feven pence halfpenny, together with feventy feven pounds thirteen Ihiiings and eight pence iiitercll Stic thereon, amounting in the whole to the fum of one tliuufund and lixteen pounds ten (hillings and three pence, Ihould he laifed on the inhabitants of the city of Cork and the fnbuibs theicof in three eooal yearly ap-plotments, along with the lamp n *>ney theiebv eiufted to be raifed, and when ruifed Ihould be p ud to the faid mayor, Ihcriffs, and commonalty of the laid city of Cork, in manner as in the faid recited act of Parliament is mentioned: and whereas the lamp money intended to be railed by the laid recited aft of Pmliameut, and the laid fum of one thoufand and fixteen pounds ten (hillings and three pence fin* the ufe of the faid mayor, fhvriifh, and commonalty of the laid city of Cork,, were by the faid recited aft of Parliament directed to be applied and railed by fworn valuators according to the fubftance of the inhabitants of the laid city of Cork and the fuburbs there rf: and whereas many inconveniencies have been found to attend the aforefaid manner, direfted by the faid recited aft of Parliament for railing the lamp money thereby intended to be railed, and the faid fum of one thou-

fand

5 G. 3. c. 24.

Digitized by CjOOQle

The eleventh and tnvelfth Years of George III. land and fixteen pounds ten /hillings and three pence, the laid recited a& of Parliament, fo far as the fame related tQ ere&ing and lighting temps in the faid city of Cork, and the fuburbs thereof, and to railing the expences thereof, and the faid fum of one thoufand and fixteen pounds ten (hilling* and three pence was not carried into compleat or effe&ual execution, whereby the faid fum of one thoufand and fixteen pounds ten (hillings and three pence has not been railed, and fUll remains unpaid to the faid mayor, fheriffs, and joi61. io*. 3d. commonalty of the faid pity of Cork: therefore be it fur-not raifed pur- ‘t|ier ena&ecJ by the authority aforefaid, That the mayor, \	3 Iheriffs, and common council of the faid city of Cork, or

fii*11 he added	the majority of them, fhall caufe the faid fum of one thou-

»r S yearly fuc- fand and fixteen pounds ten (hillings and three pence to be pflite divilions, added in eight equal yearly fucceflive divifions to the firft eiglit yearly fucceflive fums of money, that fhall be ascertained and dire&ed after the palling of this aft by the faid mayor, fheriffs, and common council of the faid city of Cork, or the majority pf them* to be raifed in manner herein before mentioned for the erecting, trimming, fnufiing, cleanfing, repairing, and maintaining the lamps of the (aid city of Cork, and the fuburbs thereof; and that the fame fhall be chargeable on and paid by the aforefaid occupiers, tenants, and owners, in the proportion and according to the method herein before mentioned for the raifing and paying the faid annual lamp money, along with and at the time of the payment of the faid lamp money for the firft eight fucceflive years that faid lamp money fhall be raifed, after the palling this a61, with the like remedies for recovery in cafe of nonpayment thereof, as are herein before mentioned with refpedl to the faid lamp money ; and that the laid lamp contrail or or cont ra&ors, fhall colleil and receive the fame in manner, as is herein before mentioned with refpeft to faid lamp money, and fhall pay over to the chamberlain of the faid city of Cork for the ufe of the faid mayor, fheriffs, and commonalty, the faid fum of one thoufand and fixteen pounds ten (hillings and three pence, as and when he or they fhall-receive the fame under the faid eight annual divifions thereof refpe&ively; and that all and Angular the lamps, irons, polls, and other furniture thereunto belong-ing, now in pofleflion of the faid mayor, fheriffs, and commonalty of the faid city of Cork, and which were purchaf* cd with part of the faid fum of one thoufand and iixteeu pounds ten (hillings and three pence, fhall go in aid of the execution of fuch part of this acl, as relates to lighting the faid city and fuburbs thereof without any fum or fums of money being levied or raifed for the value or purchafe thereof, fave the aforefaid fum of one thoufand and fixteen pounds ten (hillings and three pence.

XXVII.	And

Digitized by

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.	$jy

XXVII.	And whereas many idle and disorderly perfons A. D. infeft the ftreets, lanes, and quays of the faid city of Cork 1771-2. and the fuburbs thereof in the night time to the great a*- Chap. 18. noyance of the inhabitants, whereby a pari(h watch is be- \ come neceflary to be eftabliihed in the faid city and the	'

fuburbs thereof for the good government thereof and for the peace and fafety of the inhabitants; therefore be it further jtnafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be Jawful to and for the minifler, church wardens, and pa- Watchmen rifhioners of the feveral parifhes in the faid city of Cork and ^^aerVcimrcht the fuburbs thereof which are herein before mentioned, at wardens &c. of 'their refpe&ive veftries to be held at any time or times the city of Coifc. after the firft day of July nfcxt, from time to time to appoint a fufficient number of able watchmen to keep watch in each of the faid refpe&ive parilhes, and to appoint the times of watch in faid parifhes rjfpc&ively, and to appoint proper falarics or wages for fuch watchmen, and to appoint proper watch houfes in each of faid parifhes refpedtivcly, and to appoint neceflary fire and candle light, and other ne-ceflary articles for fuch watch houfes, and watch cloaks,

Janthorns, and ftaves or pikes for fuch watchmen, and to appoint annual overfeers of fuch watches to fee that the fame are duly kept, and to punifh by fmall fines or fhort imprifonment8 fuch of the faid watchmen, as (hall mifbe-have themfelves, and to appoint others in the room of them ; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Watchmen tm faid watchmen, or any of them, to apprehend all fuch idle apprehend idle, and diforderly perfon and perfons, as they or any of them [hall find in the night time making any affray, or commit-ting any breach of his Majeity’s peace, in tne faid city of Cork, and the fuburbs thereof, or any part thereof, at late and unfcafonable hours of the night; and fuch perfon or perfons fo apprehended, to detain prifoners in the refpec-tive watch houfes of the faid parifhes; and fuch watchmen or watchman lhall in the morning after the apprehending of fuch idle, diforderly, or llroling perfon or perfons, carry or convey fuch idle, diforderly, or llroling perfon or perfons before the mayor of the faid city of Cork, or fome one of bis Majuty’s judices of the faid city of Cork, to be examined and dealt with according to law.

XXVITl. And be it further enafled by the authority Watchmoney aforefaid, That the rent of fuch watch houfes, and the ex- charged in vef-penccs of fuch fire, candles, watch cloaks, lanthoms. Haves, and pikes, or other neceflary' articles aforefaid, and all the valuation for cxpencts, colls, and charges, that fhall attend the appoint- lunp money, ment and continuing of a proper watch in each of the faid parifhes, as well as all other money ufually raifed at the veflries held for the faid feveral parilhes in the faid city of Cork and the fuburbs thereof, for the repair of churches,

parifti

Digitized by GooQle

53*

A. D.

I77J-2.

Chap. 1.8

Dificiencies in prcfcntmcnts former affixes prefented the next.

Conftables not exempt from fums received, and not paid to treasurer, recovered by •reafurer.

Tho eleventh and twelfth Tears,of George TTI. parifh clerks, and other parifh officers falaries, and other parifh charges, fhall by the minifter, church wardens, and parifhioners, at the refpe&ive veftries, to be held for the laid parifhes from and after the faid firlh day of July next, be charged upon and be paid by the refpe6live inhabitants of each of faid parifhes by a proportionable poundage, according to the herein before mentioned valuation of the faid feveral dwelling houfes, outhoufes, offices, cellars, llables, linneys, and yards in each of the faid parifhes, in manner «s is heicin before fet forth with reYpedi to the faid lamp money ; and the church wardens of the faid feveral parifhes fhall receive and recover from the inhabitants of the faid parifhes the money, fo to be appointed by the faid veftries, in the fame manner, and by fuch remedies, as parifh rates appointed by the veflries of the faid refpedfive parifhes to be raifed and paid are now by law to be recovered.

XXIX.	And whereas deficiencies may arife in the pub-lick money, appointed to be raifed by the grand juries at the feveral affizes to be held for the faid city of Cork, by the death, removal, or infolvency of fome of the inhabitants of the faid city of Cork, and the fuburbs thereof, or of the tenants or occupiers of the lands in the north and foutli liberties of the faid city of Cork, or by the death, removal, or infolvency of the parifh conftables of the parifhes, quarters, or diftrids in the faid city of Cork, or the fuburbs thereof, or of the high conftables of the north and fouth liberties of the faid city of Cork, or of the conftables of the feveral parifhes in the north and fouth liberties of the faid city of Cork : therefore be it enacled by the authority aforefaid, That the grand jury at any affizes, to be held for the faid city of Cork after the firft day of July next, fhall upon due proof made to them of any fuch deficiency happening in any public money, prefented to be raifed by the grand jiiry at the then next preceding affizes held for the county of the faid city of Cork, prefent fuch deficiency to be raifed along with the money by them to be prefented and raifed at fuch fucceeding affizes.

XXX.	Provided That nothing herein contained fhall be conftrued, deemed, or taken to exempt the faid conftables, or high conftable, or any of them, or their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators from the payment or recovery of any pub-lick money, that fuch conftable or high conftables fhall have received, and not paid to the treafurer of the county of the faid city of Cork ; but that the faid treafurer fhall upon recovery of fuch money according to the laws now in force from fuch conftable or conftables, high conftable or high, conftables, his or their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, give credit for the fame in the books of the county ©f the faid,city, of CJork kept by him; and that fuch fum

or

" Digitized by CjOoq le

Deficiencies

‘ The eleventh and twelfth Tears of Georg* III.

fums of money, as {hall be fo recovered and received by the faid treafnrer, (hall be preftnted by the refpe&ive grand juries at the affixes to be held for the county of the laid city of Cork, in aid of the publick money that ihall be prefented to be raifed by (aid grand juries at each of the fcud affizefi.

X . I. And whereas deficiencies may arife in the money to be annually appointed by the mayor, (heriffs, and in lamp money common council of the faid city of Cork, or the majo- by death, &c^ rity of them, for the erecting, lighting, trimming, fnuf-fing* cleanfing, repairing, and maintaining the lamps of the appointment for faid city of Cork, and the fuburbs thereof; and in the next year, eight annual fucceflive divifions of the faid fum of one thou-fand and fixteen pounds ten shillings and three pence, hereby appointed to be raifed and paid to the mayor, fheriffs, and commonalty of the fed city of Coik, by the death, removal, or inlolvencv of iome of the tenants, occupiers or owners of the dwelling houfes, outhoufes, offices, cellars, ftables, linntys, or yards in the faid city of Cork, and the fuburbs therr .f: therefore be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, Tint the faid mayor, fheriffs, and common council of the faid city of Cork, or the majority of them, upon due proof made to them for fuch deficiency by the oath of the faid lamp contractor or contractors, or any of them, which oath the faid mayor is hereby authorized to admini-fter, thall add fuch deficiency to the fum or fums of money to be appointed by the faid mayor, (heriffs, and common council of the faid city of Cork, or the majority of them, for the ere'ting, lighting, trimming, fmiifing, cleanfing, repairing, and maintaining the lamps of the faid city of Cork and the fuburbs thereof for the following or enfuing year; and that fucli deficiency (hall lx* deemed and taken as part of fuch fum or fums of money fo to be appointed, and (hall be collected, received, and recovered, therewith.

XXXII. And whereas the like deficiency may happen And deficieiu in the money appointed by the veftries in the feveral pa- c,e* *°r watch-rifiies of the faid city of Cork and the fuburbs thereof to	veftries

be raifed for watch money and the other purpofes herein to next rate, before mentioned: therefore be it further cnaded by the authority aforefaid. That fuch deficiency being duly proved by the oath of the church wardens, or one of them, in each paridi, which oath the minifters of the faid refpe&ive parifhes are hereby authorized to adminifter, that the faid deficiency (hall by the minHter, church wardens, and pa-rifhioners, at their refpe&ive veftries to be held for the faid parifties, be added to the next rate to be made at fuch veftries for fuch watch money, and the other purpofes aforefaid; and that the fum fo added for the faid deficiecjf

Digitized by Google

C is

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.

(hall be deemed and taken as part of fuch rate, and (hall be collefted, received, and recovered therewith.

XXXITI. And whereas by the faid recited aft, made in the fifth year of his Majefty’s reign, a market jury of 5 G. 3. c. 24. twelve pcrfons are appointed to be fwom for the faid city of Cork, who, or any three of whom, are thereby im-powered and required at feafonable hours to vifit the markets, (lore houfes, working houfes, cellars, and (hops in the faid city of Cork, where provifions and viftuals are fold or made up or making up for fale in the faid city, and to infpeft the * quantity of the faid provifions an<f viftuals ; and in cafe the faid jury, or any three or more of them, (hall find any unwholfome or bad provifions or viftuals, or any provifions or viftuals fraudulently or illegally made up, or provifions or vi:tuals in the hands of any foreftaller, re-grator, or engroffer, that in every fuch cafe the faid jury, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered to fcize the faid provifions or viftuals, and the perfon or per-fonB expofing the fame to fale, or claiming to be the owner or owners thereof, and to carry the faid provifions and victuals, and the faid perfon or perfons, before the mayor of the faid city of Cork for the time being, who is hereby impowered to difpofe of the faid provifions and viftuals, and of the faid perfon or perfons, according to law: and whereas many of the abufes, intended to be reformed by Kick of mar- the faid market jury, efcaped punifhment by reafon of the r7 oaT-*fdifficuhies in getting three of the faid market jury to attend ^ C together: therefore be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for each of the faid market jury to execute the faid office to all intents and purpofes as fully and effectually, as any three or more of the faid market jury might or could do by virtue of the faid recited aft of Parliament.

XXXIV. And whereas the court of record, held for faid city of Cork before the mayor and (heriffs of the faid city, is of great advantage to the inhabitants of the faid city: and whereas the mayor and (heriffs of the faid city of Cork cannot attend the holding of the faid court of record as regularly, as the fame might be held for the benefit of the fuitors therein by reafon of the neceffary attendance, that the faid mayor and (heriffs are obliged to give to other duties of their refpeftive offices 2 therefore be it further Recorder or enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the recorder or deputy, a bar- deputy recorder of the faid city of Cork being a barrifter thc^our^of re- (hall ^rom anc^ after the h*# <ky July next have full cord in abfence power and authority to hold the faid court of record in the abfence of the mayor and (heriffs of the faid city of Cork, or any of them, as fully and effeftually to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame was held before the faid mayor and

(heriffs £

pf mayor and tariffs.

Digitized by L,ooQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.

IHerifFs ; and that all a&s done in the faid court of record, to be held before the faid recorder or deputy recorder, (hall be deemed and taken as if done before the faid mayor and (he-riffs in the faid court of record.

XXXV.	And whereas the faid court of record is held only on one day in each week: and whereas it would be of greater advantage to the fuitors in the faid cogrt of record J To have the fame oftener held: therefore be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the mayor and (heriffs of the faid city of Cork, and for the recorder or deputy recorder of thefaid city, as they (hall happen refpe&ively to prefide in the faid court of record, to adjourn the faid court of record from day to day, or to fuch day or days as they (hall refpe&ively fee expedient for the difpatch of the buiinefs of the faid court of record, any cuitom, law, or ufage to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding.

XXXVI.	And whereas great delays and inconveniencies

attend the fuitors of the faid court of record of the faid city of Cork by the non-attendance of jurors and witneffes: therefore be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid. That from	®rQt

and after the firft day of July next, it (hall and may be law- appearing oa ful for the mayor and (heriffs of the faid city of Cork, and fummons, with-for the recorder of the faid city, or the deputy recorder of

the faid city, as they or any of them (hall happen to prefide	not

in the faid court of record, to impofe a fine not exceeding five pounds on any juror or witnefs, that (hall be legally fum-moned to attend the faid court of record, and (hall refufe or negle& to appear purfuant to the faid fummons, and for whom no fufficient excufe (hall be laid before the court: and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor and (heriffs, and to and for the faid recorder or deputy recorder of the faid city, as they or any of them (hall happen to prefide in the faid court of record, to iffue from and out of the faid court of record procefs from time to time in the nature of an execution, dire&ed to the feijeants at mace of the faid city, or any of them (who are the officers and mi-niflers of the faid court of record) to levy the faid fine off the goods and chatties of fuch juror or witnefs, who (hall be fo fined as aforefaid, and the fame, when levied, to pay over to the governors of the work-houfe of the faid city of Cork for the ufe of faid work-houfe, deducing thereout the fum of two (hillings and fixpence for the trouble of the faid ferjeants at mace, or of fuch of them as (hall execute the faid procefs.

XXXVII And whereas for time immemorial by the ef- pr^effing°bf tablilhed ufage and cuftom of proceeding by attachment attachment againll the goods and chatties of defendants in the court of again ft a tie-record of the faid city of Cork for the recovery of debts Pendant’s goods

I	dueconfirmcd*

*41

A. D. 1771-2. Chap. 184

Court of re-

; Digitized by C^ooQle

J4*

A. D.

1771-2. Chap. 18.

Recorder, kc. may hold gene« rail quarter feffi-ons, kc. a* if before mayor, See,

But mayor, &c. may aft at before.

eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III* due and demands, the goods and chatties taken under fuch at> tachments were held in cuftody by the ferjeants at mace of the faid city, until the defendant entered good and fufficient fpe-cial bail in the faid court of record, to pay what fhould be adjudged to the plaintiff On the trial of the caufe : and whereas the faid cuftom of proceedings in the faid court of record by attachment kuh been found highly beneficial and of the greateft utility to the merchants, traders, and inhabitants of the faid city of Cork, and hath tended to the eftablifh-ment of publick credit in that city : therefore be it further matted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid cuftom of proceeding in the faid court of record by the attachment may and the fame is hereby confirmed and eftablifhed.

XXXVIII.	And whereas by a charter granted to the mayor, fheriffs, and commonalty of the faid city,of Cork by King Charles the firft, the mayor, recorder, and juftices of the peace of the faid city, or any three of them, of whom the faid mayor or recorder was always to be one, or impow-ered to hold the court of general quarter feffions of the peace for the faid city and county of the faid city of Cork : and whereas the mayor of the faid city of Cork by the necef-fary attendance on the other parts of the duty of his faid office of mayor cannot conffantlv attend the faid court of general quarter feffions of the peace : and whereas the juf-

-tices of the peace for the faid city of Cork confift of per-fons, who have executed and gone through the faid office of mayor of the faid city, and moil of them being perfons chiefly employed in trade and merchandize, they find it .inconvenient to attend the faid court of general quarter feffi-ons of the peace and the feveral adjournments thereof as regularly, as they ought to do: and whereas many notorious offenders, charged with riots, refeues, and other breaches of the King’s peace, often efcape juft and fpeedy punifh-ment by the faid mayor and juftices of the peace net regularly attending the faid courts of general quarter feffions of the peace, and the feveral adjournments thereof: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the recorder of the faid city of Cork, or the deputy recorder of the faid city, being a barrifter at law, fliall from and after the firft day of July next have full power and authority to hold the faid general quarter feffions of the peace for the faid city and county of the city of Cork, and to prefide thereat, or at any adjournment thereof, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes what-foever, as if the fame were held before the faid mayor or recorder and any twp of the juflices of the peace of the faid city.

XXXIX.	Provided, That nothing herein contained fhall be deemed, confirmed, or taken,, to prevent or hinder the

mayor

Digitized by

Google

To prevent

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George 111. mayor and juft ices of the peace of the faid city from attending at the faid court of quarter feflions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, or from doing their duty as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as they or any of them might or could do before the mukiug of this aft.

XL. Whereas notwithftanding the laws now in force in this kingdom feveral unlawful combinations are kept up by unlawful Lom« and amongfl the workmen and artificers in the feveral trades	Ptr*

and manufaftures of the faid city of Cork to the great de- ^Yroinl i'ub-triment of the trade of the faid city : for remedy whereof, jeet to the an-be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any uexedpenalties, perfon or perfons not lawfully authorised fh:dl fummon, or caufe to be fummoned, by writing or otherwife any manu-fafturer, artificer, journeyman, apprentice, or labourer, ufu-ally employed in any branch of any trade, inaruif urture, or bufinefs, carried on within the city of € >rk, or the county of the faid city, to appear at any meeting or aftembly in order to confult upon or enter into any rule, agreement, af-fociation, or combination, to afeertain or fix the price of labour or workmanfhip, or to make any rule, order, or regulation, in any wife refpefting any fueh trade, manufacture, or bufinefs, or the perfons employed or to be employed therein, or (hall adminifler, or caufe to be adminillered, any oath or declaration to any fuch manufacturer, artificer, journeyman, apprentice, or labourer aforefaid, tending to fix the price or wages of labour or workmanfhip, or tending to fix upon or make any rule, order, agreement, or regulation refpefting fuch trade, manufacture or bufinefs, or the perfons employed or to be employed therein, or fhall ifiue or caufe to he ifliied, deliver or caufe to be delivered, any ticket, certificate, or token, (other than and except fuch ticket or certificate as fhall or may be delivered by or by the order of the corporation, whereof fuch manufafturer, artificer, journeyman, apprentice, or labourer, is or fhall be a member, to any fuch manufacturer, artificer, journeyman, apprentice, or labourer, of his being licenfcd to work at his or their refpective trade or trades,) or lhall make or join in making any rule, order, or agreement, or regulation relating to the prices or wages of labour or wotkoi* ‘hip, or in any particular relating to any part or branch of any Inch trade, manufafture, or bufinefs, or fhall deliver or caufe to be delivered to any perfon whatsoever any ticket, token, printed advertifement, or writing, containing any rules, regulations, or agreements, or rule, regulation, or agreement, entered into or to be entered into by any artificer, journeyman, or labourer, in refpeft, touching, or concerning euy fuch trade, manufafttirc, or bufinefs, or fhall by force, ^ mace*, or otherwife hinder or ottempt to hinder any fuch

inanufaft urcr,

Digitized by LjOOQle

J44

A. P* i77*'*'8 Chap. *“•

Artificer, kct taking oath, combining t® fix price, or make any other pretence on notice to a magistrate, appre-kcnded, &c.

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George IIL manufacturer, artificer, journeyman, apprentice, or labourer as aforefaid, from working at his or their refpeCtive trade or trades at fuch prices as fhall be ascertained, in fuch manner as is herein fet forth, with his or their refpe&ive employers or matters, or at fuch particular work as fuch employers or matters fhall diredt in their refpeCtive trades or callings, upon notice or intelligence thereof being given to the mayor or any one juftice of the peace for faid city, it fhall be lawful for the faid mayor or fuch one juftice refpeo tively to iffue his warrant under his hand and feal to apprehend the perfon or perfons charged with all or any one of the aforefaid offences, and every fuch perfon being thereof convicted in a fummary way before the mayor or any one juftice of the peace of the faid city by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, which oath the faid mayor or fuch juftice is hereby impovvered and required to adminifter, or by tha confeffion of the perfon charged with fuch offence, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor or fuch one juftice refpedtively by warrant under his hand and feal to commit the perfon or perfons fo convicted to gaol, there to be kept without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding fix months ; and to order the perfon or perfons fo convicted to be publickly whipped on the next fucceeding Saturday after fuch conviction, and alfo to be whipped a fecond and third time on the then next fucceed-ing Saturdays, if the faid mayor or the faid juftice fhall think proper to order that fuch perfon fhall be whipped more than once, at fome publick place or through fuch pub-lick ftreets or lanes within the faid city or county of the faid city as the faid mayor or fuch one juftice fhall in his discretion direCt ; and every fuch perfon o'r perfons fhall, before he or they fhall be difcharged from fuch confinement,* enter into and be found in a recognizance in a fum not exceeding forty pounds before the mayor or any other juftice of the peace of the faid city with or without fureties fprjuch perfons being of the good behaviour, and keeping the peace to all his Majefty’s fubjeCts, for any term not exceeding feven years*

XL I. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, that if any fuch manufacturer, artificer, journeyman, apprentice, or labourer as aforefaid, fhall take an oath, or enter into any combination or agreement, to afcertain or fix the price of wages, or of labour, or workmanfhip, or fb make any rule, order, agreement, or regulation, refpeCting their refpeCtive trades manufacture, or bufinefs, or take any oath, or enter into combination or agreement under any pretence or pretences whatfoever, not to work for any par-ticular'mafter or matters, employer or employers, upon notice or intelligence thereof, though not upon 'oath, being

given

Digitized by

Google

*The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.	S4f

^iren to the faid mayor, or any one jutkcc of the peace for	A. D.

laid city, it (hall be lawful for the laid mayor, or fuch one	1771-2.

juitice respectively, to iflue his wan. at uud r his hand and fcal to apprehend the perfon .m pc*. Tons charged with all or any of the aforefaid offence; and every inch pirfon or perfons being thereof convicted in a fumnury way before tht faid mayor, or anyone jull.ee of .he peace of die hod city, upon the oath of one or more credible witnds or witneffes, which oath the mayor or fuih o e juitice is heiehy empowered and required to admin.A r, or by the conk (lion of the perfon charged with f eh oik nee, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor or fuch one juitice by warrant under his hand and feal to commit the perlon or perfons fo convi&ed to gaol, there to be kept without bail or main-prize for any time not exceeding lix months, and alfo to order the perfons fo convicted to be pabiick.lv whipped onc« or oftener at his difcrction as aforcf.iid, at foim* p iblick place or through fuch p.iblick lheets or lanes within tht faid city or county of the faid city ; and every fuch perfon or perfons (hall, before he or they (hall be di(charged from fuch confinement, enter into a.id be bound in a recognizance in a fum not exceeding forty pounds before the faid mayor or any other juitice of the peace of the faid city* with or without fureties for fuch perfons being of the good behaviour, and keeping the peace to all his Ma-jelty’s fubjects, for any term not exceeding feven years.

XLII. And be it fuither enacted by the authority afore- Refilling cm* faid. That if any manufacturer, artificer, journeyman, or p’oyment - ^ayt labourer ufually employed in any trade or manufacture car-	™c°	^

ried on or to be carried on within the city or county of imprifonrd and the city of Cork, not having any other vifihle livelihood be- whipped, and fides the trade, bufimfs, occupation or calling to which he recognising# (hall belong, and not being in the actual fervice of any maf-ter or employer, on application made to him by any mailer or employer in ti e trade or bufinefs to which fuch manufacturer, artificer, ju'.Micyman, or labourer (hall belong, (lull refufe or neglect for the fpatc of (even days after fuch application to work with the perfon making fuch application at the prices herein after alcertaiued, or in cafe any fuch manufacturer, artificer, journeyman or labourer being engaged with any mailer or employer in any fuch bufinefs, fhall after fuch engagement, and during the time in which he (hall be fo engaged, refufed to work or (hall not work on being required in or at any particular branch of the bufinefs, he lhall be fo engaged for, and in fuch ufuul and reafonable manner as his matter or employer fhall direct, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof convicted in a fum-©ary way before the laid mayor, or any one juilicc of tht Vol. V.	Mm	pcact

Cuap. 19m

Digitized by

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George IIL peace for the county of the faid city, by the oath of tfof perfon making fuch application, orof any other witnefs or wit-nefles, which oath fuch mayor or juftice is hereby authorized to adminifter, or by the confefnon of the perfcm charged with fuch refufal without fulticient caufe upon oath to the fatisfa&ion of fuch mayor or juftice for fuch refufal, it (hall be lawful for fuch mayor or juftice by warrant under his hand and feal to commit the perfon or perfons fo convicted to gaol, there to be kept without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three months, and alfo to order the perfon or perfons fo convi&ed to be once or oftener as aforefard at the diferetion of the faid mayor or juftices publickly w hipped j and every fuch perfon or perfons (hall, before he or they /nail be difeharged from fuch confinement, enter into and be bound in a recognizance in a fum not exceeding forty pounds before the mayor or any other juftice of the peace of the faid city with or without fureties for fuch perfons being of the good behaviour, and keeping the peace to all his Majefty's fubje&s, for any term not exceeding feven years.

Wage* fettled XU 11. And whereas the yearly afeertaining the wages yearly, &c. to be paid to the feveral artificers in the faid city of Cork will in a great meafure tend to prevent unlawful combina-tions amongft Arch artificers : be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the court of general quarter feftions of the peace for the faid ci-ty and county of the faid city of Cork, the recorder or deputy recorder of the faid city being prefent, yearly at every Eafter feftions to ascertain what wages or fome of money every mafon, carpenter, flator, cooper, or other artificer fhall take and be paid by the day, or by the certain denomination, piece or parcel of work or job, either with or without meat and drink, during the year following ; and that all the faid artificers take and receive fuch wages and Aims of money, and no more, on pain of forfeiting any fum of money or thing they (hall take to the contrary, one half of it to the governors of faid work-houfe for the ufe of faid work-rt	houfe, and the other half to the profecutor, and to be im-

prifoned at the diferetion of the faid court of general quarter feftions of the peace for any time not exceeding three months, upon conviction of the offender in a fummary way at the faid court of general quarter feftions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, by the oath of one or more witnefs or witnefles, which oath the faid court is hereby authorized to adminifter, or by the confefikm of the offender.

Kot below the XLIV. Provided always, That the faid court of gene-aceiftomcd ral quarter feftions of the peace (hall not afeertain the wages puce*	of artificers at a lower rate or fum, than the accuftomed

4	yrfee.

Digitized by

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. prides ufually paid in the faid city of Cork to fuch artificers fcefpe&ivcly; ...

XLV. Add be ft cnaded by the authority aforefaid,

^That every perfon, who fhall employ the faid artificers or any of them, fhall pay to fuch artificers refpedively the If wages not 'wages and fums of money fo to be afeertained as aforefaid; and in default thereof that every artificer, from whom fuch * wages and fums of money have been withheld, fhall be entitled to recover double the value thereof; to be recovered, if to the amount of forty fhillingi or under, in a fummary way in the court of confidence in the faid city upon the oath or baths of one or more witnefs or witneffes; and if above forty (hillings by civil bill at the next aflizes to be held for the bounty of the faid city.

XLVI. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Certificate the order of the quarter feflions, certified by the town clerk* of order tondtU fhall be COnclufive evidence of the faid feveral rates and fivc*

\vages.

XLVII. Be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, »tunmltu<mf-the better to prevent all tumultuous afTemblies and unlawful ly affembling, Combinations within the faid city, or county of the faid city, ?ot that ib cafe any perfons, to the number of feven or more, icadingthi»tCr hot legally authorised, (hall ribtoufly and tumultuoufly af- claufe, or any fcmble themfelves together within the faid city or county of attempting to the faid city, and (hall not difperfe themfelves within one hmdcr hour after the reading of this claufe of this ad by the mayor or either of the fhenffs, or any other juftice of the peace of the faid city ; or in cafe any perfonor perfons (hall hinder . or attempt to hinder the faid mayor, or either of the (heriffs, or any one juftice of the peace, from reading this claufe of this ad to the perfons fo aflembled as aforefaid 5 or in cafe any perfons to the number of feveil or more, fo aflembled as aforefaid, fhall by force enter or attempt to enter the dwelling houfe, warehoufe, (hop, cellar, yard, loft, linney, or building of any inhabitant oif faid city, or the county of the (aid city, without the donfent of the pofleffor thereof, and withbut lawful authority for fo doing, or fhall by force enter ’ br attempt to enter any fhip, lighter, boat, bark, or veflcl, lying at any of the quays of the faid city, or at any other place or places in the river, or within the harbour of the faid city, without lawful authority for fo doing, being thereof con-vided in a fummary way by the oath of one or more wit- «npnfonment^ nefs or witneffes before the mayor or any juftice of the ^cog^zance, peace for the faid city, which oath the faid mayor or any juf- 40I. repealed* rice of the peace of faid city refpedively impowtred and re- as to whipping quired to adminifter, or by the confeflion of the party, eve- until convi&ed^ ry perfon offending herein fhall fuffer imprifonment not ex- £ cr.^c! 47* celling fix months without bail or mainprize, and be Qnce M m 2	or

Summons on

^flfuhvit of fuf-picion of combination or unlawful affembly, and oath admi-niflcred, to un-fwtr all quelli-ens thereon,

See. at herein

Not afterwards given in evidence.

»ol. recognizance to appear profecute,

lc(.

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George 111. or oftener at the diferetion of the faid mayor or juftice publickly whipped in manner herein before mentioned ; and every fuch perfon or perfons (hall, before he or they fhall be dilcharged from fuch confinement, enter into and be bound in a recognizance in a fum not exceeding forty pounds before the mayor, or any other juftice of the peace for the faid city, with or without fureties for fuch perfons being of the good behaviour, and keeping the peace to all his Majcily’a fubje*6U for any term not exceeding feven years.

XLVIII. Whereas it has been found very difficult to dedudf and convict perfons concerned in unlawful affemblies and combinations, by reafon that fuch unlawful affemblies are held fecretly and in private places in the houfes and prefence of perfons, whole teftimony cannot be had, as the law Hands, they themfelves being guilty or party in fuch offences s be it enacled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the full day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor, or any other juilice of the peace of the county of the city of Cork, upon affidavit made before him that i* fufpected there is or has been any combination or unlawful affembly in the faid city or county thereof, to fummon any perfon or perfons charged or fufpe&ed with being concerned in fuch unlawful affembly or combination, and to adminifter an oath to fuch of the perfons fo fummoned, as fuch mayor or judice in his diferetion fhall think fit ; and every fuch perfon fhall fwear to anfwer all fuch queftions, as fhall be demanded of him touching fuch combinations or unlawful afr femblies, and fhall difeover the names and places of abode to the befl of his, her, or their knowledge and belief of the feveral perfons, who have a£led or been concerned in any fuch combination or unlawful affemblies, and fhall anfwer all fuel) other queftions concerning fnch unlawful affemblies or combinations, as fhall be propofed by fuch mayor or juftice, and fhall not by any pica or demurrer cover or conceal the fame; and fuch examination fhall be reduced into writing, and figaed by the mayor or fuch other juftice, before whom the fame are taken, and by the party or parties fo examined.

XLIX. Provided always, That fuch examination fhall never afterwards upon any occafion whatever be allowed to be given as evidence to charge the perfon fo giving the fame.

L. And be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That fuch perfon or perfons fo examined fhall be bound by recognizance in a fum not exceeding twenty pounds, to appear at fuch time and place within the faid city, as fhall be fpecified in fuch recognizance, and to profecute before the laid mayor or

juftic^,

Digitized by LjOOQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III, juftice, in the fummary manner herein before fet forth the pre-Ion or perfons mentioned by him, her, or them in fuch examination to have been concerned in fuch unlawful aflemblies or combinations; and in cafe any fuch perfon or perfons fo fum-moned (hall neglect or refufe to appear before fuch mayor or other juftice purfuant to faid fummons, or to take fuch oaths as aforefaid, or to give his, her, or their teftimony, and be examined in manner aforefaid, or to fign fuch examination, or to enter into fuch recognizance, the faid mayor or other juftice (hall iflue one or more warrant or warrants, and caufe fuch perfon or perfons to be imprifoned in the city gaol for any time not exceeding three months, or be fent to bridewell or the houfe of correction, there to be kept at hard labour for one month ; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons fo examined fliall negleCt or refufe to give his, her, or their teftimony at the time and place, at which they (hall be bound to appear, in every fgch cafe the mayor or any fuch juftice (hall refpec-tively forthwith upon fuch default or refufal iffue his warrant or warrants to appi‘-hend and detain in execution in the city gaol of Cork the body or bodies of the perfon or perfons making fuch default or refufmg to give his, her, or their teftimony as aforefaid, until he, (he, or they fhall pay and fatisfy the penalty of the refpe&ive recognizances, to be applied and paid over to the governors of the work-houfe of the faid city for the ufe of the faid work-houfe.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That upon any fuch examination or affidavit being given or 4 made before the mavor or fuch juftice it (hall be lawful anf*

e , r • J	'ri-n-ri	•	rr	t • imprifored tm

tor the laid mayor or inch j tilt ice or the peace to lliue his paymCDt. warrant to apprehend each of the perfons accufed, and to bind him in a recognizance of forty pounds with or without fureties, if not immediately profecutcd, to appear at fuch time and place within laid city, as (hall be fpecified in fuch recognizance, to aufwcr fuch matters as (hail be al-ledged againft him in and by fuch affidavit or examination ; and in cafe the perfen fo accufed fhall neglect or refufe to appear at Inch time and place, it fliall be lawful for the faid mayor or other juftice to iliue his warrant under Ins hand and feal to apprehend and detain in execution in the city gaol of Cork the body of the perfon fo accnfcd, and the bodies of his fecurities, until he and the faid fccuritics fhall pay and fatisfy the penalties of their Lid recognizance, to be applied and paid over to the governors of the work houfe of the faid city for the ufe of the faid work-houfe : and in cafe the perfon fo accufed and apprehended cannot procure fufficient fecurity for his appearance, it (hall be lawful for the faid mayor wr fuch juftice to commit him to gaol, until fuch complaint

ftiaE

Accufed houn4 I. to appear,

Digitized by

Complaint beard in three day*.

On teftimony Co convi&ion exculpated.

Preferment

yfize*.

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III,

4haD be enquired into, heard, and determined in manner here? in before fet forth.

LI I. Provided always, That when the perfpn or perfona fo accufed (hall be committed to gaol, fuch complaint (hall be heard within three days from the time of his, her, or their commitment, otherwife the perfon fo committed (hall be dif-charged,

LIII. Provided always, That fuch perfon and perfons as fhall give teftimony againft fuch offender or offenders to con vision, (hall for ever be difeharged and exculpated from all puniftunentt, which they or any of them may be liable to for or on account of their or any of their being concerned in focb unlawful combinations mentioned in their or any of their teftimony, and for which fuch offender or offenders (hall be convi&ed.

.......... LIV.	Whereas the mayor, (herifis, and commonalty of

for coroners ten the city of Cork are impowered by charter to ele£t two coguineas each roncre for the county of the city of Cork: and whereas by law no adequate payment,is provided for fgch officers for their trouble in the execution of the faid office of coroner: be it therefore further ena&ed by tfye authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the grand jury ai pach aflizes, to be held in every year for the county of the faid city of Cork, to prefent (along with other publick money ) the fum of ten guineas, tq be raifed along with fuch other publick money, and to be paid to the coroners of the county of the faid city of Cork for half a year’s falary, ending at the faid refpe&iye aflizes.

LV. Whereas the office of clerk qf the crown of the county of the faid city of Cork is very troublefome and ex*; penfive on account qf the great number of fmaQ felonies tried at the faid aflizes, the perfons charged with fuch fmal} felonies being extremely poor and indigent, and being generally on their acquittal difeharged out of cuftcidy by the plerk of the crowrt of the county of the faid city of Cork without the payment of fees j be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the grand jury at each of the aflizes, to beheld in every year for the county of the faid city of Cork, to prefent (along With other publick money) the fum of thirty pounds to yaifed along with fiiqb other publick money, and to be paid to the clerk of the crown of the qoqnty of the faid city of Cork for his trouble in attending and executing the faid office at the faid aflizes.

$tlfc meafurers LVI. Whereas large cargoes of fait are annually import-appointed annu- c(j into the faid city of Cork for the felting of provifions $7* ^ ^orn annually made up in the faid city of Cork for exportation ;

and whereas great frauds are committed by the perfons, who undertake to meafure the fait on board or from on board any

...............................................      $3

30I. to crown

tv**. .......

Digitized by CjOOQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.	551

fliip or other vefl’el between the buyer and feller; therefore	A. D.

-be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the mayor of the	17 71 -x.

faid city of Cork fhall annually appoint a fuf&cient numbei of Chap. 18. bo nett and Ikilful perfons to meafure fuch fait on board or from on board any (hip or other vcflel 1*1 the faid city oft0 honeftly Cork between buyer and feller during the mayoralty of the laid mayor ; and that each of the faid fait meafures, before ^ feikr he a£ts in the faid office, (hall be fwom before the faid mayor /airly, juflly, and impartkllv to meafurc the faid fait between buyer and (elirr without favour to either of the parties, which oath the faid mayor is hereby impowered to adrniniller j and that k (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor Co remoye aoy of the faid fait meafures from hU faid office /or roifbehaviour, and to appoint another in his room, and alfo on proof beiog made before the faid mayor by the oath of one or more witnefs or witneffes, which oath the faid mayor is hereby authorized to adminifter, of the milbeha-viour of any fuch fait meafurer in his faid office, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor to commit the offender to the houfe of correction, there to be kept at hard labour for any time not exceeding the fpace of one kalendar month; and that in cafe any perfon (hall meafure f«V.t on board or from on board any (hip or veffel in the faid city of Cork between buyer and feller who (hall not be fo appointed by the faid mayor, and fworn before faid mayor as aforefaid, fuch perfon being thereof convi&ed in a fummary vny before faid mayor by the oath of one or more witnefs or witneffes, which oath faid mayor is hereby authorized to ad-minilter, (hall forfeit* for each time fuch perfon (hall fo meafure fait, the fum of twenty (hillings, to be levied by the warrant of the faid mayor, of the goods and chattels of the offender, one half thereof to be paid to the profecutor, and the other half thereof to be paid to the governors of the work-houfe of the faid city of Cork for the ufe of the faid work-houfe; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid mayor*

(heriffs, and common council of the faid city of Cork, or the majority of them, from time to time to afeertain the fees to W paid to the faid fait meafurers for meafuring fuch fait in the (aid city between buyer and feller, and by whom the faid fees are to be paid, whether by the buyer or by the feller, or equally between both, and that no other fees (hail be paid or received for meafuring faid fait in the faid city between buyer and feller, but thofe to be afcertained by the mayor, (heriffs, and common council of the faid city of

Cork.

LVII. Provided always, That the appointment and Me*farr<ap* removal of the faid meafurers of fait, and every of them, proved by doyer fedl be approved pf by a court of doyer hundred in fix handled.

months

Digitized by

55*

a. n.

1791-2. Chap. 18.

Sheriff* to rcum it. 6d. pei pound 011

gre^u w*x

proud*.

A publick ail,

• TA? eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. months after his or their admiflion, or otherwise that every fuch appointment and removal (hall be null and void to all in-, tents and ptnpofes whatfoever.

LVII1. Whe eas the recognizance forfeited at the general affi/es and general quaiter feflions of the peace, held for the county of the faid city of Cork, have not been levied by the fheiifls cf the county of the faid city of Cork, partly on account of their not being a fufn-cient reward or recompence provided by law for the trouble of the fheiiff of the county of the faid city in levying the laid foifeited recognizances; and wherea3 the not levying the f;iid forfeited recognizances has partly impeded the admimltralion of juffice at the aflizes and court of quarter fefiions held in and for the faid city and county thereof: for remedy whereof, be-it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hull and may be lawful to and for the faid (heriffs of the county of the faid city to retain to their own ufc and for their trouble the fum of two (hillings and lix pence in the pound for all money, they (hall levy by virtue of fuch green wax proceffes, and that the faid (heriffs (hall be allowed the fame on palling their accounts with the faid court of Exchequer. -N

LIX. Be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That this a 61 fir a II in all courts and places be deemed and taken to be a publick act, and (hall be judicially taken notice of by all judges, jutlices, and courts what foe ver without fpecialiy pleading the fame ; and that if any replevin (hall be brought for any diffrefs taken purfuant to this a£t, and if any perfon or perfons fhall be fued for any thing done by virtue and in purfuance of this a6l, the defendant or defendants in fuch replevin, and fuch perfon or perfons as fnall be fued, may plead the general iffue, and give this a6l and the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence ; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difeontinue his, her, or their fuit or action, or be nonfuited, or if judgment (hall be given againft him, her, or them on verdict or demurrer, the defendant or defendants (lull recover double coils of fuits.

CHAP.

Digitized by

Google

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.

CHAP. XIX.

jin Ad for reviving and continuing fevcral temporary Statutes that have lately expired, and jor continuing others that are near expiring.

III. A ND whereas an ad of Parliament patted in this

jfx. ki (fji'in in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majeity	King Gj	rge the ftcond,	entitled,	An ad for	** *mcn<kdbf

J J	°	^	»	»	J	Q> 2 C. 14

the more efeiwd aja ni..% * in, -minis, and for the more f : Ay p^p^tuaL recovery of r t:.s > y •> /} ; v, h \ h was r:.\ia: ad and r.*nei»d-ed by an a ; i :Lti ... .tbs kingdom in the twenty hfith year of the reign ot his faid late Majelly, and which faid ad of the ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majelly, fo far as it relates to the ailigmnent of judgments, had expired, but was revived and continued by an act, which patted in the eleventh year of the rtign of his prefent Majelly, entitled, An ail fur reviving, continuing, and amending feveral temporary fa. us vs ; and whereas it is thought lit, that the fame fhall be made perpetual: be it enaeted by the authority aforeiaid, That the laid ?d of the ninth year of the reign of his 1 ud la e Myjritv, lo far as it relates to the alignment of judgments, ttatutes Ihiple, or ttntutrs merchant, and as the fame was amended and explained by the faid ad of the twenty fifth year ot iris faid late MajJty, (hall be and remain in lull force to all intents and ptirpufes for ever.

IX.	And whenaa an ad of Parliament patted in this Tithes, kingdom in the feve.ith y.ar of the reign of hh prefent Ma- y G. y c. at. jelly, entitled, An ad to continue and a n'tid an adpajfed in perpetual. the third year of his Mn^tlly’s rtign, entitled, An a3 to explain and amen / an ad ma ie in the thirty-third year of the reign of Henry she ei f. th, entitled, An ad for tythrs, and for other purpofs therein m n'ionA, and which faid ad was further continued by another ad made in the eleventh year of his prefent Mijcllv, entitled, An ad for reviving, continuing, and amending L rvral temporary /latutes : be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid ad pafTed in the feventh year ( f the reign of his prefent Majelly (hall be made perpetual.

XIV.	And whereas by the faid lall mentioned ad of the third year of the reign of his prefent Majelly an ad, inti-tlcd, An ad for the more equal affrfng and better colieding of publick money in coun.ns of cities, and round's of towns, which patted in this kingdom. i:i the thirty-third year of the reign of his late M ,ci‘y, was continued thereby, and has been found beneficial to the publick : and whereas from the in-creafeof buildings and inhabitants in the city of Limerick the number and expcnces of the high roads leading thereto

have

Judgment*.

o < i. a. c. S-

Digitized by Google

7he eleventh and twelfth Tean of George III. have alfo greatly increased of late years, and it is found ne-ceffary to employ a treafurer very couverfant in accounts, and who can give ample fecurity for fuch Turns, as are necef-fary to be raifed in the county of the faid city; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June next, the grand jury at the afiizes, to be held for the faid county of the city of Limerick, {hall and may be empowered to encreafe by prefentment the yearly falary of the treafurer of the county of the faid city, fo as not to exceed twenty pounds a year annually, over and above fuch falary as the faid grand, jury arc impowered to prefent for the treafurer of the county of the hud city by the laws now in being.

ocwod» or XV. And whereas doubts have arifen, whether the chair., coomy of i)ub- man and juftices of the county of Dublin can {it after the lin notwith- beginning of term, and during the fitting of his Majefly's finding fitting court of King’s Bench: and whereas the bulinefs of the •f B. R. faid cour^ Qf fe(5on8 Qf faid county of late is fo great, that oftentimes it cannot be executed without adjourning the fame during the continuance of the term, to the great inconvenience of the fuitors attending faid court: be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the chairman at faid fef-/ions together with the juflices of the peace of the faid county of Dublin {hall have full power and authority to attend and execute the bufinefs of the faid feffions notwithftanding the fitting of the faid court of King’s Bench.

CHAP. XX.

jin A3 for the making of narrow Roads through the Mouse* famous unimproved Parts of this Kingdom.

Amended *3, 'TXTjfrEREAS there are in feveral parts of this king-34 C. 3 c. 42.	\ \ dom extenfive trafts of land of a mountainous na-

ture, and in a rude uncultivated (late, and it would greatly contribute to the improvement thereof, if roads were made through the fame $ and yet from the nature of the country it w ould be in fome cafes impracticable, and from the poverty of the few inhabitants therein it would generally be inexpedient and unnecelTary, to be at the expence of making fuch wide roads therein, as are proper in other places differently circumftanced; and whereas by the laws now in force no provifion is made for the making or repairing of fuch narrow roads, as are fuitahle to the fituation and circumitanccs of fuch mountainous tracts of land; for remedy thereof, be it enafted by the King's raoft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpii jtual and tern-oral and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and y the authority of the lam?; That from and after the

twenty

Salary of treafurer for Limerick in-sresfed



*fr-

Digitized by

Google

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.	55^

4*r«nty fourth day of June pext, it (hall and may be lawful A. D. for the graud jury of any cguuty at the aflizes to prefent 1771-2. fiich fum or fums of money, as they (hall think lit, to be Chap. 20, railed upou any barony or half baiony in fuch county for the .making of new or repairing of old road* through any mouQ- Barony pre* tainous unimproved parts of fuch barony or half barony Gf fcntmentfor ^ fuch a breadth, with (tones or gravel, and of fuch breadth -between the ditches, drains, or fences, as to the grand juries allcruinld. of each refpc&ive county, in which fuch lands lie, (hall feem fwitable to the nature of the place, through which fuch road (hall .run, and as (hall be ascertained in the preferment for that purpofe 5 as alfo for the wages of the overfeer or overfeers of every fuch Toad, not exceeding three pence for each perch fo to -be by him made or repaired according to this act ; any thing to the contrary thereof iu any former law or statute in any manner notwithstanding.

II. Provided, That no money (ball be fo prefented for previous af. the making or repairing of any fuch road, unlefs an affidavit fidavitby two thall be previously made by two credible perfons, who can literate before read and write, before one of the judges of allizc, or be- two julfice*^ fore two jultices of the peace for the faid county, who are hereby impowered to adminiflcr the fame in t}ie following form.

County ofl A. 3. S of

viewed and tncafnrtd road from

°f

the fum of fair the faid

of	and	C.	/>.	Affidavit.

do /wear, that they have lately perches of a to	between

and	all	in the barony

in faid county, and that it will require to make and re-perches of road

wide in the clear, and feet wide7 at tt;c hajl, with Jlones or gravely being at the rats of	by	the perch, which, they verily believe, is tlse Uajl the faid	perches	can	be

fufficietitly fo made and repaired fory and that the faid road is in a mountainous unimproved part of Jaid barony, where fuch road is much wanting, and where the expence of making a wider road would be an unnuejjary charge on faid barony ;

which affidavit the clerk of the crown of fuch county is t0 ^	^

hereby required to file and keep amonglt the records of fuch clerk of the county ; and that no money (hall be paid on account of crown, &c. any fuch preferment Ly the treafurer of any county, until the affidavit of one of the overfeers, appointed by the graud jury, fworn before one of the judges of aflize, and in the following form, (hall be allowed of by the grand jury and by the judges of affizc.

'	'	(JoURtp

Digitized by LjOOQle

S5«

A. D.

1771-2.

Ofcrfcci’*

afladavit.

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.

County of | Whereas the fum of	was

3 prefented hy the grand jury of feud county, at affixes, in the year	to	be expended in making and repairing	perches	of the mountain road, from	to	between	_	and

feet wide in the dear, and	feet	wide	at the

bajl, with fones or gravel, being at the rate of

by the perch. Now I A, B, one of the overfeers appointed by the grand jury do fwear, that I have honejlly and faithfully expended, or caufed to be expended, the fum of

in making and repairing perches of the faid road, and that the faid perches, and every part of the famey are made	feet

wide at the leaf with fones or gravely and are feet wide in the clear within the ditches, drains, or fences ; and that the faid fum with my wages at per perch amounts to

No rrefent-■tent for fences.

Net to counties of towns.

III,	Provided alfo, That no fum or fums (hall be pre-fenttd or levied upon any barony or county for making any fence or fences by the fide of fuch mountain roads as aforefaid.

IV.	And provided alfo, That this aft (hall not extend t# any county of a city or county of a t<5wn.

CHAP. XXI.

An AS to encourage the reclaiming of unprof table Bogs,

WHEREAS there are large trafts of deep bogs ia feveral counties of this kingdom, which in their prefent Hate are not only unprofitable, but by their damps render the air unwholefome ; and it hath been proved by experience, that fuch bogs are capable of improvement, and be converted into arable or pailure land, if encouragement was given to the lower clafs of people to apply their in-duflry to the reclaiming of the fame : be it enafted by the King’s mofl excellent Majefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the autho-Pa ift ina xxX^ °f the fame, That every papift or perfon profefling the take icafe 6i popifh religion, who fhall be deiirous to employ his induftry years to improve and money for the improvement of the kingdom by the re-unprofitable claiming of unprofitable bog, fhall be at liberty to take a leafe of any traft or quantity of fuch bog, not exceeding fifty acres plantation meafure, and one half of an acre of arable land, as a fite for an houfe, or for the purpofe of delving for gravel or limeftone for manure, next adjoining to fuch bog, and to hold the fame at fuch rent as fhall be

agreed

Digitized by CjOOQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.	557

agreed upon between him and the owner of fuch bog, for	A. D.

any term of yean not exceeding fixty**one years, the laws	1771^2.

made to prevent the further growth of popery to the con- Chap. 2J. trary notwithftanding.	K^*~v~****J

II. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Like leafe by laid. That it (hall be lawful for every tenant for life, arch- recla^imin** bifhop, biihop, and body corporate, ecclcfiadical or civil, Ac • to make leafes of any unprofitable bog for the purpofe of reclaiming the fame, and alfo of any quantity of arable

land, not exceeding one half of an acre, as a fite for an houfe, or for the purpofe of delving for gravel or limeftone for manure, next adjoining to fuch bog, for any term not exceeding fixty-one years, at fuch rent as (hall be agreed upon : provided that no greater quantity of fuch bog (hall be fo fet to any one perfon than fifty acres, plantation mea-fure : and provided, that from the expiration, furrender* or other determination of fuch leafe no longer leafe of fuch bog, fo to be reclaimed, (hall be made by any ecclefiaflical perfon or body corporate, than fuch leafe as is preferibed by an ad made in the eleventh year of King Charles the firfl, intituled, An aft for the prefet*val'ion of the inheritance, rights, and profits of %nds belonging to the church and perfons ecclefiaflical,

III.	Provided alfo, That if the bog fo to bedemifed, or Void, if half one half part thereof, (hall not be reclaimed within twen-?ot rccla,mc<A ty one years from the commencement of the leafe to bem 21 ycArt* made thereof, that in fuch cafe the faid leafe (hall at the expiration of twenty-one years be null and void to all intents

and purpofes.

IV.	And be it further cnaded by the authority afore- Reclaimed, laid, That every bog which (hall be reclaimed by virtue of free from .

or under this ad, (hall be free from payment of tythes, or CC^C1 7 or grand jury or veftry cedes, or applotments, for the term Iears*

©f feven years from the time of its being reclaimed, and no longer.

V.	Provided always, That no bog (hall be confidered as B°g not con-mnprofitable fo as to intitle the reclaimer thereof to the be-

nefit of this aft, which (hall not be four feet deep from the foot^leep, dec. furface to the bottom of the bog when reclaimed ; nor (hall any perfon be intitled to the benefit of this ad fin* reclaiming any bog of lefs dimenfions than ten plantation acres; nor (hall this ad extend to any bog lying within one mile of any city or market town.

CHAP.

Digitized by kjOOQle

55*

A. O; >77i**'

Per font breaking the floor of any church, &c. penalty toL

Arched vaults excepted.

Read in churches 4 time* a year.

eleventh and twelfth Tears of George iff*

G H A P. XXII.

An Act to prevent burying dead Bodies in Chttrche:.

WHEREAS the btirying of dead bodies in churches is a practice very injurious to health ? be it ena&ed by the King's moil excellent Majefty, by and with1 the acb ▼ice and confent of the lords fpiritual sfnd temporal and commons in this prefent Parliamerit affembted, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two^ no perfon or perfons (hall bury any dead bodyv 6r break up any flpor, ground, or pavement within the stalls of znf church or chapel, or chancel, ayle, room, or place thereunto belonging, under the fame roof with ftich church of chapel, or within twelve feet on the outiide df the walls of any church or chapel, for the purpofe of burying atiy dead body: and that no ecclefiaftical perfon (hall perform that part of the burial fervice, appointed to be faid at the grave of any dead perfon, witKin the walls of any church or chapel, chancel, ayle, room, or place thereunto belonging, of within twelve feet on the outfide of the walls of any church or chapel} and that every perfon, who fhall offend herein, fhall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of ten pounds* to be recovered by civil bill, by the church wardens, or either of them, or by any parifhioner of the pari/h wherein fuch offence (ball be committed, to be accounted for at the next veftry after the fame (hall be received, and laid out in the repairs of fuch church or chapel.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to prohibit or prevent the burying in any arched vault under any church, chapel* chancel, or ayle, room, or place thereunto belonging, where the only door to fuch vault opens on the outiide of the walls of fuch church or chapel, chancel, ayle, room, or place*

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-* faid, That this a& fhall be read in every cathedral and pa-rilh church in this kingdom after morning prayer on every* firft Sunday in May, firft Sunday in Auguft, firft Sunday in November, and firft Sunday in February, in every year*

C H A £

Digitized by

Google

TThe eleventh and twelfth Tears of George 111, CHAP. XXIIL  An Act for efiablifhtng an Infirmary in the South Suburbs of the City of Cork, and to veft an Houfennd front Lot of Ground in the South Suburbs of faid City (or any other Houfe or Grounds that maybe taken) in certain Trujlees for ever, and to give fuch 7"rujlees fuch Power as may be neceffa* ry to promote and execute the Purpofes of an Infirmary in the South Suburbs of the City of Cork-  XT HERE AS the number of Tick increafing In pro-V V portion to the inhabitants of the city of Cork has Encouraged many benevolent perfons to propofe founding another charitable infirmary in the fouth fuburbs of the faid city : and whereas by a voluntary fubfeription and fome charitable beuefaAions in hand, together with the offers of gentlemen in phyfick and furgery and others to afiiil faid charity by their affiduous attendance and aid without fee or reward, they have been enabled to take a large houfe and front lot of ground in the fouth fuburbs of the faid city of Cork in trufl for faid charity, and at 3 great expence altered and opened it for the reception of patients, Auguft the fe-cond, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two: and whereas from that time many * mean, difeafed, and infirm poor perfons have been received into the houfe, and duly attended by phylicians and furgeons without fee or reward, to the great relief of the poor and benefit of the publick, which faid houfe, from the length of time it has been built, is now in a decayed and ruinous fituation : and whereas many benevolent and well difpofed inhabitants of faid city of Cork are defirous, that the faid houfe and front lot of ground, or any other houfe or ground in the fouth fuburbs of the city of Cork, that may be thought more convenient, may be purchafed or hired by the majority of the truf-tees herein after mentioned for ere Ain g an hofpital on, and fhall be veiled in the perfons herein after named as a body corporate upon the trulls and to the intents herein after mentioned : now to the intent and purpofe that the faid houfe and front lot of ground in the fouth fuburbs of faid city of Cork, or any other houfe or ground fo taken in the fouth fuburbs of the faid city, that may be thought more convenient by the majority of the truflees herein after named, way for ever hereafter be appropriated to the faid pious and charitable ufes, and for the better carrying into execution the faid charitable defign, be it ena&ed by the King’s moil excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confent ot rhe lurdj fpiritual and temporal and commons in this preient Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the  fame.	$59 A. D. 1771-2.
Digitized by CjOO^Ic	

Houfe and fr* ot lot of

far charitable •Tea.

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. fame. That the faid houfe and front lot of ground in faid fouth fuburbs of (aid city, or any other houfe or buildings which at any time hereafter (hall be ere&ed thereon, or faid other houlc or piece of ground in the (outh fuburbs of faid city that may be thought more convenient by the majority of round in fonth ^lcre‘n a^cr mentioned truftees, and any houfe or build-luhorbsof C<rk, *ngs that at any*,mc hereafter may be erected thereon, (hall ▼efied <n trusts be vefled in the fcveral perfons herein after named ; (that is herein named, to fay ) the moll reverend his grace Michael lord archbi/hop of Calhel, and lus fucceffors aichbifhops of Caftiel, the right honourable William earl of Inch!quin, the right honourable Richard earl of Shannon, the right reverend Ifaac lord bilbop of Cork and Rofs, and his fucceffors bifhops of Cork and Rofs, the right reverend Jemrrat Brown late bifhop of Cork and Rofs, and now bdhop of Elphin, the right reverend Charles loid bifhop of Offorv, and bis fucceffors bifhops of Offory, the right reverend Charles lord biihopof Cloyne, and his luccelfors bifhops of Cioyr.e, the right honourable John Hely Hutchinfon, and William Brabazon Ponfonby efqtiires, representatives in Pari ia ment for the faid city of Cork, and the reprefentatives in Parliament for the (aid city for the time being, Richard Town fend and John Hyde efquires, knights oi the fhire for the county of Cork, and the knights of the fhire for the faid county for the time being, James Dennis efquire, the mayor of the faid city of Cork, the recorder of the faid city of Cork, the lheriffs of the faid city of Cork, all for the time being, Charles Dunbar, efquire, John Ponfonby efquire, Richard Longfield efquire,thedean,archdeacon, ardchancellorof Cork for the time being, the minifters of the parifn of St. Mary' Shandon, and his fucceffors for the time being, minifter of St. Anne’s parifh, and his fucceffors for the time being, the minifters of Chrill Church and his fucceffors for the time being, the minifter of the parilh of St. Paul and his fucceffors for the time being, all in the faid city or fuburbs thereof, and their fucceffors for the time being, to the intent and purpofe, and upon this fpecial truft and confidence, that the faid houfe and front lot of ground, and the buildings that now are or that may be ere&cd theieon, or any other houfe or ground in the fouth fubuibs of the faid city of Cork that (hall be thought more convenient by the majority of the faid truftees, and all buildings which are or (hall be eredled thereon, (hall for ever hereafter be applied and diipofedof to the pious and charitable ufes herein mentioned.

II. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforcfakl. That tak^b^Mf™**	ft* all anc* maI	lawfulto ancl for the faid truftees for the

lands in fouth laid infirmary from time to time, and at any time, to accept fuburbs for any of or take by leafe or purchafe any lands, tenements, or term «f years, hereditaments, in the fouth fuburbs of the (aid city of Cork,

6	for

$T>e eleventh amt twelfth Tears of George III.

Tor 'any term or number of years, to the intent and purpofe* aiui upon this fpeciml trull and confidence, that the faid Lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fo given or taken by leafe, or purchafed, and all buildings which now are ere&-<rd or that fltaU he ere&ed thereon, (hall for ever hereafter be applied to and difpofed of to the pious and charitable ufes herein mentioned; and the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which (hall be either as aforefaid given or taken by leafe or purchafed, and all houfes and buildings that are now ere&ed theieon, or that (hall or may be ere^ked thereon, (hall be veiled in and fettled upon the aforefaid trnllees to be applied and difpofed of to the afore* faid ufes

III.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That from and after the firfl day of July in the year of our JLord, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, there th* charity,* (hall be a body corporate to continue for ever for the execution of the faid charitable defign. Which body corporate (hall confift of the feVeral perfons herein after named, that is to (ay, the mod reverend his grace Michael lord arch-bifhop of Cafliel, and his fucceflbrs archbifhops of Cafhel, the right honourable William earl of Inchiquin, the right honourable Richard earl of Shannon, the right reverend Maac lord bifhop of Cork and Rofs, and his fucceflbrs bifhops of Cork and Rofs, the right reverend Chades lord bifhop of Gflory, and his fucceflbrs bifhops of Oflory, the right reverend Charles lord bifhop of Cloyne, and his fucceflbrs bifhops of Cloyne, the right honourable John Hely Hutchinfon and William Brabazon Ponfonby, reprefenta-tives in Parliament for the faid city of Cork, and the re-prefentatives in Parliament for the faid city for the time being, Richard Townfhend and John Hyde efquires, knights of the (hire for the county of Cork, and the knights of the (hire for the faid county for the time being, James Dennis efquire, the mayor of the faid city of Cork, the recorder of the faid city of Cork, the fherifls of the (aid city of Cork, all for the time being, Charles Dunbar efquire, John Ponfonby efquire, Richard Longfleld enquire, the dean, archdeacon, and chancellor of Cork for the time being, the minifler of the parifh of St. .Mary Shandon and his fucceflbrs for the time being, the minifler •f St. Anne's parifh and his fucceflbrs for the time being, the minifler of Chrifl Church and his fucceflbrs for the time being, the minifler of the parifh of St. Paul and his fuccef-(ors for the time being, all in the faid city or fuburbs thereof, for the time being.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-laid, That from and after the firft day of July, one thou-(and feven hundred and feventy-two, the muft reverend his - V#fc. V.	N a	grace

A hndvi

Digitized by CjOOQle

562	The eleventh and twelfth Years of Ge rge III.

A. D. grace Michael lord archbifhop of Cafhel, and his fucceflbrs 1771-2.	archbi(hops of Cafhel, the right honourable William earl of

Chap. 23. Inchiquin, the right honourable Richard earl of Shannon, the right reverend Ifaac lord bifhop of Cork and Rofs, and his fucceflbrs lord bifhops of Cork and Rofs, the right reverend Charles lord bifhop of Oflbry, and his fucceflbrs bifhops of OfTory, the right reverend Charles lord bifhop of Cloyne, and his fucceflbrs bifhops of Cloyne, the right honourable John Hely Hutehinfon and William Brabazon Pon-fonby efquires, reprefentatives in Parliament for the faid city of Cork, and the reprefentatives in Parliament for the faid city for the time being, Richard Townfhend and John Hyde efquires, knights of the fhire for the county' of Cork, and the knights of the fibre for the faid county for the time being, James Dennis efquire, the mayor of the faid city of Cork, the recorder of the faid city of Cork, the fheriffs of the faid city of Cork, all for the time being, Charles Dunbar efquire, John Ponfonby efquire, Richard Longfield efquire, the dean, archdeacon, and chancellor of Cork for the time being, the minifter of the parifh of St. Mary Shandon and his fucceflbrs for the time being, the miqifter of St. Anne's parifh and his .fucceflbrs for the time being, the minifter of Chrilt Church and his fucceflbrs for the time being, the minifter of the parifh of St. Paul and his fucceflbrs for the time being, all in the faid city of Cork or fuburbs thereof, and their fucceflbrs for the time being, fhall for ever thereafter in name and fa<ft to be one body politick and corporate in law for the charitable purpofes herein contained, and fhall have perpetual fucceflion, and fhall be called by the name, of the truftees for the fouth charitable infirmary of the city of Cork, and that they fhall be enabled to plead and fue, and to be impleaded and fued, by that name in all his Majefty’s courts of juftice, and fhall and may appoint a common feal and feals for the u*fe of the faid corporation, and fhall have power and authority to meet together as-often, as there fhall ■above truftees C occa*'lon> an^ the faid truftees and their fucceflbrs, or any may make or	^lve or rnore «f them, being fo aflembled fhall have power

alter rules.	to make fuch reafonable law's, rules, orders, and regulations,

for the better government and management of the faid in-v	firmary,	as	they	fhall think necefiary and convenient, and to

revoke and alter the fame at their discretion.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That the faid truftees or any five or more of them fhall on the firft Wednefday, which fhall be in the month of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, proceed to ele<ft fifteen fit perfons out of fuch, as at the time of fuck election fhall have been fubferibers for the fpace of twelve calendar months previous to fuch ele&ion towards the fupport #f the faid infirmary, and the char itablepurpofes therein to

Digitized by CjOOQle

rj fubferiben 12 month* be-

*The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. be carried on, which fifteen perfons (hall be ele&ed by the majority of the trullees and fubferibers to the faid infirmary then prefent in the faid infirmary houfe ; and that fuch fifteen perfons fo to be eledled, added to the trullees herein before named, and (hall to all intents and purpofes, and as if their names were herein particularly inferted, be deemed and taken to be truflees for the laid infirmary frotn the day next after their being ele&ed until the day next after the firlt Wednefday, which (ball be in the month of July in the year of our Lord, onethoufand feven hundred and l'eventy-three, and For no longer time, by virtue of fuch election ; and that the faid trullees herein before named, and the trullees from time to time to be eleded, purfuant to this ad, or any five of them, (hall in like manner on the firfl Wednefday, which for^ededan-fhall be in the month of July in the year of our Lord, one nually, and add* thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, and on the firll cd to the truf-Wednefday, which (hall be in the month of July in every	herein

fub Sequent year, proceed to tied fifteen fit perfons out of fuch perfons, as at the time of fuch tied ion (hall have been fuch fubferibers as aforefaid towards the fupport of the faid infirmary, and the charitable purpofes therein to be carried on ; which fifteen perfons (hall be cleded by the majority of the trullees and fubferibers to the faid infirmary then prefent in the faid infirmary houfe ; and that fuch fiftceri perfons, fo from time to time to be eleded, (hall be added to the truflees herein before named, and (hall to all intents and purpofes, and as if their names were herein particularly infert-cd, be deemed and taken to be trullees for the faid infirmary from the day next after their being eleded until the day next after the firft Wednefday, which (hall be in the month of July in the year next following the time of their being eleded, and for no louger time, by virtue of any one elec* lion.

VI.	And be it further cnaded by the authority afore- Trufieei ttty faid, That the (aid trullees for the faid infirmary (hall and tabe land* 1000U may without licence in mortmain pUrchafe, take, or receive j^fonal^fbr* any manors, lands, tenements, annuities, or hereditaments laid infirmary, in polfellion, reverfion, or contingency, not exceeding the value of one thoufand pounds a year in the whole, of the alienation, gift, or devife of any perfon or perfons having a right, and not being otherwife difabled to alien, grant, or demife the fame, who are hereby enabled to transfer and grant the fame accordingly, or any goods, chattels, and perfonal eflate whatfoever, as well for the enlarging the faid houfe, rebuilding it, or taking any other houfe or piece or ground in the fouth fuburbs of the faid city, as the majority of the faid trullees Ihould think moll convenient, or enlarg-	*

ing or building on the lame, as for the relief, fupport, and N n a	maintenance

Digitized by L.ooQle

J«4	The	eleventh	and twelfth Tears of George III.

A. D. maintenance of the maimed, fick, and infirm perfons, who 1771-2* are to receive the benefit of the (aid infirmary.

Chap. 23. VII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-^faid, That the faid truftees for the laid infirmary, and their May recover fucceflors, (hall have power and authority to recover all lega-legacic* or gift* cies, gifts, and bequefls, made to any perfon or perfons in trail.	whatfoever	in trulf for the faid infirmary, or for any of the

charitable purpofes therein carried on or to be carried on at any time or times previous to the firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two. t emfc jiyear* VIII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-referred the belt faid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid rent, 4k. truftees for the faid infirmary from time to time by indenture under their common feal to demife or leafe any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, veiled or to be vefted in them in purfuance of this aft, or any part or parcel thereof, for any term or number of years not exceeding the term of thirty-one years, fo as upon every fuch demife or leafe there be referved and made payable half yearly to the truftees for the laid infirmary and their fucceflors during the faid term as much rent, as at the time of making fuch leafe can be really and bona fide had for the fame from a folvent tenant ; and fo as no fine, or income, or other confederation be taken for the fame, other than the laid rents to be referred to the truftees for the faid infirmary and their fucceflors ; and fo as every fuch demife or leafe be made in pofleflion and not in reverflon.

Otherkafet IX. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That all leafes made of fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in any other manner, lhafl not be good or available in law, but lhafl be to all intents and purpofes null and void.

a kr v a- X. And be it further enafted by the authority afore* *** C a faid, That this aft lhall be deemed, and taken, and allowed in all courts within this kingdom as a publick aft, and that as fuch all judges lhall take notice thereof without fpccially pleading the fame.

CHAP*

i

Digitized by Google

The eleventh anJ twelfth Teetrt tf George III. CHAP. XXIV.

An A a to enable the Corporation for promoting and carrying on an Inland Navigation in this Kingdom to trcB and make a Lock adjoining to the Long Dock of the Old Quay in the City of Limerick*

5*5 A. D, 177M.

WHEREAS (hips cannot at prcfent lie with fafety in any part of the river Shannon between the new bridge and the pier adjoining to the long dock of the old quay in the faid city upon account of the rapidity of the current and hardnefs of the ground : and whereas boats can at prefent pafs only at certain times, and then with much difficulty and danger, from any part of the river above Baall's bridge : and whereas the rapidity of the current between Baall’s bridge and the new bridge is fo great, and frequently does much damage to the new quays on each fide of the river, which were ere&ed at the expence of the publick, and if not prevented will probably foon deftroy the fame 5 all which circumftances are very injurious to the trade of the faid city : and whereas the faid feveral inconveniencies may be remedied by ere&ing a lock acrofs the faid river from the faid pier of the (aid long dock, and making the fpace between the faid lock and the faid new bridge a fafe and convenient place for (hips to lie in : be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majelly, by and with the advice and confent The corpora-of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this pre- fion may ere A a fent Parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the fame,	^

That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid corpora-	*

tion for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in this kingdom to ere6l fuch lock, as is herein before mentioned, and to apply fuch part of the money granted to them by Parliament, as they (hall think proper for that purpofe, not exceeding the fum of one thoufaiul live hundred pounds in the whole.

II. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That ycftcdwith the faid corporation (hall from and immediately after the all powen as palling of thisa6t be veiled w ith all and lingular the fame for any inland powers, property, and rights, for the purpofe of miking fuch loot, as are at prefent veiled in them by any law for the purpofe of making any inland navigation in this kingdom.

III. And whereas the expence of making and keeping fuch lock in con ft ant repair, and of wages of proper perfons to attend the fame, muft he vtry confidcrable : be it eua&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall be lawful to and for the corporation, or any perfon or perions authorized by (hem under their corporation feal, as foon as fuch lock fhall

Digitized by v^ooQle

566	i fo eleventh and twelfth Tears of Geoge III.

A, D.	be compleated, to take and levy upon all (hips and veffeh,

1771-2.	which fhall come within the faid lock, or pafs through the

Chap. 24,	fame, any fum or fums of money in their difqretion, not ex-

^	cceding the following rates, (that is to fay) for every (hip

Ships of ao	or veffel belonging to any of his Majefty’s fubjefts of twen-

l° tons burthen or upwards, and not being laden, or in bah pay a» ejern. ja^	two pence per ton ; for every (hip or veffel be-*

longing to any of his Majcfty’s fubjefts of twenty tons burthen and upwards, being laden or having any cargo on boaid, four pence per ton ; for every foreign (hip or veffel, not being laden, or in ballad only, four pence per ton 5 for every foreign fhip or veffel being laden, or having any cargo on hoard, lix pence per ton ; and in cafe of refufal to pay the faid feveral rates, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation and their fervants to enter into and dif« train fuch fhips or veffels, or their tackle or their furniture, or the goods therein, for the fame, and to difpofe thereof as in cafes of diftrefs for nonpayment of rent, or tofueforand recover the fame by civil bill.

Entry to take IV. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That dimenfious, &'c. ft fhall and may be lawful to and for the fervants of the faid corporation to go on board fuch (hip or veffel to take the dimenfions of the fame ; and in cafe any difpute (hall arife concerning the tonnage of any fuch (hip or veffel, the fame (hall be finally determined by the collector, or in his abfence by the next fuperior officer in the port of Limerick, who are hereby refpeftively impowered and required to determine the fame.

V,	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation to contract with any perfon or perfons or body corporate for the making of fuch lock,, and for keeping the fame in conftant repair, and finding proper perfons to attend the fame, upon fuch terms as they (hall think reafonable, and for that pur-pofe to affign and transfer by writing under the feal of the faid corporation unto fuch perfon or perfons or body corpo* rate all or any part of the property, rights, and powers, hereby veiled in the faid corporation, and alfo the duties herein before mentioned, or any part thereof; and thereupon fuch property, rights, powers, and duties, or fuch parts thereof as (hall be fo transferred, (hall be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by, the perfon or perfons or body cor* porate, to whom the fame (hall be fo transferred ; any law or (latute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithiland. ing.

VI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That pleadedra&c WC ^ an)r ^Ult	commence^	or	profecuted againft any

*	*	perfon or perfons for any thing, which (hall be done

in purfuange of tjii$ aft, fuch perfon or perfons may plead

the

Contrail for making and kcejiih^ it in rtpuir, &,c.

Digitized by

Google

The eleventh ami twelfth Tears of George III.

“fcftie general ifiue, and give the fpeeial matter in evidence , and “this a ft (hall be deemed and taken to be a publiek aft, and judicially taken notice of as Inch.

CHAP. XXV.

^in Ad for amending an Ad for the better Regulation of Partnerships to encourage the trade and Manufacture of this Kingdom.

HHEREAS by an aft parted in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late Majcily king George tiie fecond, entitled, An ad for the better regulation of partner-Jbips, to encourage the trade and manuft iares of this kingdom^ it is enabled, That if any number of perfons, not exceeding nine, (hall enter into any contract of partnership for the purpofes in faid. aft mentioned by a common or united (lock, not exceeding ten thoufand pounds Sterling, the majority of ft«K-k and part-fuch partners (hall in cafe of neglcft or refufal be empower- ner* ini'ufficknt, cd to compel any perfon or perlons or their reprefentatives to pay fuch part or proportion of any fum or films of money, as he, (he, or they (hall from time to time be liable to by the deed, articles, or agreement of fuch partnerfhip, and in default of fuch payment to fell the (hare of fuch perfon fo neglefting or refufing to pay by publiek cant in the manner direfted by the faid aft : and whereas it hath been found by experience, that not only the common (lock provided by the faid aft, but the number of partners therein mentioned, are inefficient for the purpofes of carrying on inland navigations in this kingdom, and of crefting joint companies for infurance agamd lire, and the publiek would be much benefited by having companies properly created, and portelTed of fufficient properties for the purpofes afore-faid: be it enafted by the King's molt excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament artembled, and by the authority of the fame, That henceforth any iDy number number of perfous may and (hall hereby be empowered to maycontraft enter into any contraft of partnerfhjp, by writing under	^bnd na-

their hands and feals for the undertaking or carrying on and	i^^Ince

compleating any canal or inland navigation in this kingdom, againft fire, flec, or for the erefting or eftablifhing any joint company for af- as herein, furance againd cafualties by fire, by a common or united dock, fuch as by the majority of fuch partners (hall be judged expedient and nccefiary for the faid purpofes ; and if any one or more of fuch partners as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminidrators, or affigns, and if the guardian or trudee of any partner or partners, being under the age of twenty one years, (hall negleft or refufe to pay into the joint dock fuch part, proportion, or quota of any fum or

fumt

567 A. D. 1771-2-,

15 G. 2. c. 7.

cnrmnnn

Digitized by LuOOQ le

Oi invert if-the money paid to perfon*, (■titled, ^c.

Gnaxdtan or truftee may jo mi with the bu hod*, Ice.

Company of

(uhferiber* on eertifirate may take lcaie%

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. fums of money, as he, (he, or they (hall from time to titap be liable to by the deed, articles, or agreement of fuel* partnerfhip, for the fpace of three calendar months nex* after fuch partner or partners, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, or the fpaee of nine months next after any fuch guardian or guardians, truftee or truf-tees, as the cafe /hall be and require, (hall he feryed with a fummons or notice in writing for that purpofe, figned by the major part of the partners afbrefaid, or by fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be legally authorized for that purpofe by the original deed or deeds of partnership, or in purfuance of the fame, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the major part of fuch partners, or the perfon or perfons authorized as aforefaid, to fell by publick cant the fhare or proportion of fuch perfen or perfons refilling or neglecting to pay the fum charged on hiin, her^ pr them as afbrefaid,

II.	Proyided always. That notice (hall be fiHl given eight feveral times fucceflively by advertifement in the Dublin Gazette of the time and place of every fuch fale ; and alfo that the money arifing frojn every fuch fale (hall be paid over to every fuch perfojn and perfons, as (hall be entitled %o fuch (hare or (hares, at the refpe&ive time and times of fuch fale 4 the expence of the faid, ^dyertifements and fale j and fuch rateable part or proportion of all debts affeCting the joint ftock as (hall be due at the tipae pf fuch, fale, being thereout firft deduced.

III.	And be ft further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That if any part, (hare or proportion in any fuch part-

’ nerfhip (hall by death or otherwife fall to or become the property of any perfon or perfons under age, the guardian or guardians, truftee o.r truftees. pf fuph perfon or perfon fp pnder age (hall be empowered to go on with the laid part-nr r (hip bufinefs, and tP pay intp the joint ftock that part pr proportion ojf fuch fum pr fuma of money, as the perfop pr perfons fo under age is or (hall be liable unto ; and that it (hall be in the power of fuch guardian or truftee to fell and difpofe of to tbe beft advantage fuph part, (hare or proportion of every fuch perfon under age 5 and that every fuch guardian or truftee (hall be accountable to fuch perfon or perfons, when they (hall come to full age, for any fuch fum pr fums of money, gain, pr profit, arifing either by fuch fale or parrying pn of the* faid (lock.

IV.	And whereas for the purpofe of carrying on fuch inland canals and navigations it will be neceflary for the undertakers thereof to acquire the property of the foil, through which fuch navigations are to be cut, and of the banks of the fame 2 be it enabled by the authority aforen faid, That every fuch company cf fubferibers (their pla^ being firtl approved of by the corporation for promoting

ml

Digitized by v^ooQle

7 he eleventh and twelfth Teart ^George III. mud carrying on an inland navigation in this kingdom, and m certificate of fuch approbation being previoufly obtained minder the feal of the faid corporation) mail and may have full power, capacity, and authority to purchafe or take leafes for any terms of yean of fuch lands, as may be necef-iary for making or carrying on fuch navigations, and for towing paths, banks, back drains, the feite of lock houfes,

Avarc houfes, mills, or other engines ncceflary or properly eonneded with fuch canals, as aUo on red or unprofitable bogs, of drips of ground running parallel with fuch canals, and on either fide of the fame, l'ucn ftrips of bog neverthe-lefs not in any place to extend above twenty perches in depth from the edge of the water of fuch canal*

V. Provided neverthelefs, That all fuch fubferiptions, fhares, and proportions in fuch partnerihips and companies partoerftup,fits, /hall be and be deemed and taken to be perfonal property only, and fubjed to the feveral laws affeding the lame, no* fobjed, to /hall not in any degree be fubjed to any of the laws made P°Pcry ^ws, to prevent the growth of popery.

CHAP. XXVI.

Jin AS for continuing two feveral ASs% one paffed in the Twenty feventh Tear of His late Majejly King George the Second, and the other in the Third Tear of His prefent Mayfly's Reign, for making the River Lagan Navigable, and opening a communication by Water between Loughncagb and the Town of Belfajl; and for enabling the Commtfftonert therein named to raife Money by Ajftgnment of faid Duties for the more effectual carrying on faid Work•

WHEREAS by an ad palled in the twenty feventh year of the reign of his late Majefty King Georgo the fecond of glorious memory certain duties, rates, and impofitiona were granted to his faid late Majefty King George the fecond for the ufe of the corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland, to be by them laid out and expended in making the river La-an navigable, and opening a paflage by water between .oughneah and the town of Belfaft in the county of Antrim ; and the faid ad was afterwards continued and amended by an ad pafied in the third year of his prefent mod gracious Majeity George the third $ and the faid ads are now near expiring, and the inhabitants liable to the faid duties (that is to fay) the feveral inhabitants of that part of the diftrid of Lifburn, commonly known and diftinguifhed by the gaugers walks of Belfaft, Lifburn, Maira, and Hiilf-borough, are willing and defirous, that the faid duties fhould be continued in order to carry on and compleat faid navigation ; b$ itena&edby the King’s molt excellent Majeity,

Shares in

Digitized by LjOOQle

57©

A. D.

1771-2.

Chap. 2 6.

Doties granted by *7 <7. ». c. 3. and S G. 3. c. 6b continued, fee.

Paid without deduction by commiffinneri.

local commif-ttjfiuncn, &c.

7Xe eleventh and twelfth Years of George III. by and with the adrice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflem- * bled, and by the authority of the fame, That the feveral duties and impofitions in and by the faid firft mentioned aft granted to his faid Majefly George the fecond, and chargeable in the manner herein mentioned, be further granted, continued, raifed, levied, Sind paid unto his Majefly, his heirs and fuccefibrs, for the term of nine years from the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and feventy three, and no longer, in and throughout that part of thedifliiftof Lifburn, commonly known and dif-tinguifhed by the gaugers walks of Belfafi, Lifburn, Moira, and Hillfborough, including fuch part or parcel of the manors of Hillfborough, Kilwarlin, Cafllereagh, and Stat-neals, as were excepted in the faid former aft; all which laid additional duties fhall be levied and collected in the manner and by fuch ways and means, as the fame are appointed to be levied and collefted by faid aft of the twenty feventh of the reign of his late Majefly; and the faid aft of the third of his prefent Majefly, and every claufe or article in faid afts, or either of them, fave in fuch particulars > or refpefts as the fame may be altered by this prefent aft, lhall remain and continue in full force for the faid term and {pace of nine years.

II. And be it enaftedby the authority aforefaid, That the faid additional duties, as they fhall from time to time be brought into the receipt of his Majefly’s Exchequer, fhall be paid over without any fee or deduftion by the vice trea-furer or receiver general of this kingdom upon an order or draft to be figned by the following perfons, who are by the commiffioners for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland appointed local commiflioners for carrying on the navigation of the river Lagan, (that is to fay) the right honourable earl of Antrin, the right honourable earl of Donegal, the right honourable the earl of Hillfborough, right honourable earl of Moira, right honourable earl of Hertford, right honourable earl of MafTarene, right honourable earl of Charlemont, right honourable lord vifeount Gle-raw’Iy, right honourable lord Beauchamp, honourable Francis Caulfield, honourable Henry Conway, right honourable Hercules Langford Rowley, right reverend lord bifhop of Down and Connor, lord Bangor, right honourable William Brownlow, Francis Price, William Watts, Gayor, J. U. D. reverend James Dickfon dean of Down, William Montgomery, Samuel Waring, reverend Thomas Waring, reverend Trevor Benfon, reverend Charles Smyth, Jofeph Henry, James Fortefcue, Robert Scott, Morgan Jellet, John O’Neil, Thomas Gregg, Stewart Banks, George Portis, clotures, the fovereign and parifh miniflers of the town of

Belfafi,

Digitized by CjOoq le

Said local

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.

Selfaft, Samuel Smyth and James Smyth, efquircs, or to fee figncd by any feven of them, or by- any feven of the persons may hereafter be chofen or appointed in their room, or in the room of any of than, local commiflioners for car* rying on the faid navigation ; and all the monies fo arifing from faid additional duties (hall be laid out or expended by faid commiflioners or their order in opening a paflage by water between Loughneagh and the laid town of Belfaft, and to no other ufe or purpofe.

III. And for the more eftcftual promoting and expedit-ing the faid work, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That the faid local commiflioners before named, or the per* to affign foils to be appointed in their room, or any feven or more over fecurity of them, (hall and may, and they or any feven or more of them are hereby impowered from time to time, and at all withothermga* times hereafter, at any of their Hated or publick meetings lations agreed by writing, under their refpe&ive hands and feals to affign upon as herein over the faid duties granted by faid ads, or by this prefent “*«*K>ncd. act, or any part thereof, the cofts and charges whereof are to be borne and paid out of fuch duties, for any time or term during the continuance of this ad, as a fecurity for any fum or fums of money, to be borrowed by them for the purpofes aforefaid, to fuch perfon or perfoas or their truftees, who (hall advance and lend the fame, in order to fecure the repayment thereof with lawful intereft, or lefs, if the fame can be had, or, if the fame (hall be found more convenient, to ifliie and give receipts or debentures under the hands and feals of feven or more of the faid commifli-oweis upon the payment of any fum or fums of money (no one of fuch fums being lefs than fifty pounds) which (hall be lent and advanced to faid commiflioners, for the ufe of faid work, to the perfon and perfons who (hall lend and advance the fame, to be chargeable upon and payable out of faid additional duties, and according to the terms which (hall bo agreed upon between fuch creditors and faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, as aforefaid, and which (boll be fpecifted in faid debentures, to make the fum or fums fo advanced to bear an intereft not exceeding the legal intereft, until the principal fums (hall be paid, or to grant or appoint fuch yearly fums or annuities to be paid out of fuch duties to the perfon or perfons, his, her, or their executors, adminiilrators, and afiigns, w ho (hall advance any fum or fmhs of money for all or any part of the term, for which faid duties are granted, in full difeharge and fatisfac-. tion of the principal and intereft of the fums fo to be lent, as (hall be agreed upon and fpecified in laid debenture or debentures ; and that every perfon, to whom fuch debenture or debentures (hall be given as aforefaid, may by indorfe-jnent on fuch debenture transfer the right and benefit of the 6	lame	j

Digitized by LjOOQle

Tie eleventh mad harlftb Teats of George III.

; and fuch indorfement upon notice to the clerk or regifter of fuch commifE oners, and an entry thereof made in the book kept by him of the orders and proceedings of foch comtniffiooers, and which clerk or regifter (hall upon requeft without fee or reward make accordingly, and upon rrqoeft permit to be viewed at the ufual hour or time of his attendance, (hafl intitle the indorfee, or affignee, or his executors, admmiftrators, and affigns, to the foie benefit of the Aim or fumn fo transferred or afiigned ; and that the laid debenture or receipt may in like manner be again transferred or affigned by fuch affignee or affignees, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, and fo from time to time as often as occafion fhall requite ; and that after fuch alignment made it fhall not be in the power of the perfon or perfons, who made fuch alignment, to make void, releafe, or difeharge the fame, or the fum or fums thereby transferred or affigned, or any part thereof.

A	IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That

this ad (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken as a publick, ad, and (ball be judicially taken notice of by all judges, indices, and other perfoot whatsoever without fpecially pleading the fame.

ComiowrJ to V. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-sc IVc. 1S14, faid, That this ad fhall continue and be in force for nine amended • j, 14 years from the twenty fifth day of December, onethoufand no G j.	^CTen	hundred	and	feventy three, and no longer.

CHAP. XXVIII.

dm Ad for preventing the Ereding of Lime Kilns in the City tf Dub tin y or the Suburbs thereof

WHEREAS the burning of lime in the city of Dublin or the fuburbs thereof is injurious to the health of the citizens of the faid city : be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefen t Parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two, it fhall be unlawful for any perfon or perfons to ered any lime kiln within the publick lamps of the city of Dublin or the liberties thereof; and if any fuch lime kiln fhall be ereded after the time aforefaid, upon complaint thereof made to any juftice of the peace of the faid city, fuch juftice -fhall fummon the perfon or perfons, againft whom fuch complaint fhall be made, to attend before him at fuch time and place as fhall be mentioned in fuch fummons, to anfwer fuch complaint; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall be convided of fuch offence by con-

feffioa

Mo lime loin ereded within the lamps of Dublin, Sec perfons fo offending porufh-•da* herein.

Digitized by v^ooQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George IIL	57	J

fieflion or by the oath of one or more witnefTes before fuch A. D. juflice, he (hall iffue his warrant to the (heriffs of the city 1771-2. of Dublin, requiring them to abate fuch kiln, which fuch (heriffs are hereby empowered and required immediately to do.

II.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That General iff** if any a6lion or fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted for pleaded, dec. any thing, which (hall be done in purfuancc of this a&, the defendant or defendants may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence: and this a& (hall be deemed a publick aCl, and judicially taken notice of at fuch.

CHAP. XXX.

An Act for Bndging fuch Poor as /ball he found urtahle to fup port tbemfelves by Labour, ana otherwise providing for them, and for refraining fuch asJball he found able io fupport tbemfelves by Labour or indujlry from Begging,

WHEREAS drolling beggars are very numerous in Amended

this kingdom : and whereas it is become equally M anti 14 <7. 5. neceflary to give countenance and aftiftance to thofepoor “d 15 and who (hall be found difabled by old age or infirmities to cam lf 2o G\ 3?* . their living, as to reftrain and punifh thofe who may be able 15. *ud 2% to fupport themfelvcs by labour or induftry, and yet may G, 3. c. c5* choofe to live in idlenefs by begging 5 and it is juft to call q' ** ^ 44* upon the humane and affluent to contribute to fupport of real17 * c *7* obje&s of charity: and whereas thofe purpofes may be better cffe&ed by one law, than by many laws tending to the fame purpofe: be it cna&cd by the King’s mod excellent 33 H 8. c. 15. Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi- *QC* 10 •“*11 ritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That one a&	'

of Parliament made in this kingdom in the thirty third year of the late King Henry the eighth, entitled. An ad for vagabonds, and another a<51 made in this kingdom in the eleventh year of the late king Charles the firft, entitled, An <t8 for ereding houfes of correction, and for the punijhing of rogues, vagabonds, and Jlurdy beggars, ami other lewd and idle perfons, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed and mad« void from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand fevea hundred and feventy two.

II. And whereas the good purpofes intended by thi$a& A corporation ire mod likely to be promoted by creating corporations in created in evciy every county at large, and every county of a city or town county or of in this kingdom, who may execute the powers and tiuftsor town* herein after particularly expre(Ted: be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of

i	Jan**

Digitized by CjOOQle

574 A. D. 1771-2. Chap, 30.

V—---------

extended to Colerain and other counties, 1$ and 16O.

3- c. 35-1 5.

19 3c 10 G. 3. c.

15. f. 8.

perpetual,

meet and adjourn, &c.

» the bifliop, if prefent, to preflde,

The eleventh efttj twelfth Years of George f TT,

June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two, there (halt be, and one body politick and corporate is hereby created and cre&ed in every county, and in every county of a city, and every county of a town in this kingdom) confiding in every luch county of the archbifhop or bifhop, whofe diocefe, or any part of whofe diocefe, (hall extend into fuch county, of the representatives in Parliament for fuch county, of all the juftices of the peace commiffioned or chofen to a6l as fuch in fuch county, and in every county of a city, of county of a town, of the chief magiftrate, (heriffs, and recorder of fuch county of a town or city, likevvife of the two representatives in Parliament and of the juftices of the peace for fuch county of a city or town, all for the time being, and alfo of fuch perfons as are herein after mentioned ; which corporation (hall be called by the name of the prefident and affiftants instituted for the relief of the poor and for punching vagabonds and fturdy beggars, applying to every of them the name of its proper county, city, or town, by the words	*	for

the county of	; which faid corporati-

ons (hall have a perpetual duration and fucceflion, and may fue and be fued in all courts of juftice by thofe Barnes re-fpe&ively, and (hall have a common feal, and fhall meet at and adjourn to fuch times and places within their counties, cities, or towns refpe&ively, as they fhajl think fit, fave only that the faid corporations are to meet, and they are hereby required refpeftively to meet, for the firft time on the day or on the day next after the day at their election, when the judges who (hall hold the nextfummer afiizes in and for the feveral counties in this kingdom, or either of fuch judges, (hall depart from the town or place, where the afiizes (hall be held, at the hall or fefiion houfe refpectively, where the judges (hall have fat for the bufinefs of the afiizes, at fuch hour as they (hall think fit; but the corporation for the county of the city of Dublin fhall meet on the firft Monday of next Auguft at the Tholfel of the faid city at fuch hour, a3 they fhall think fit, and at the firit and every future meeting of the laid corporations refpe£tively the archbifhop or bifhops, if prefent when the faid corporations or quorums of them refpe&ively fhall afiemble, fhall take the chair, fhall put every queftion, declare the majority of votes, and do all the duties of prefident or head of the corporation for that meeting : but if the archbifhop or bifhop fhall not be prefent, when the faid corporations' refpe&ively fhall firft af-femble, the reprefentative in Parliament fpr that county, city, or town, who fhall firft come on that day to the place of meeting, if both fhould attend, and if not the reprefentative in Parliament for that county, city or town, who fhall

' Digitized by

Google

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. l>c prefent, when the laid corporations or quorums of them refpedively (hall affcmble 5 ana if the archbilhop or bi(hop, or the representatives for fuch counties, cities, or towns refpedively, or either of them, (hall not attend in every city and county of a town, the chief magi (Irate, or in his default and in every county at large the olddl juftice of the peace, who (hall be prefent, when the faid corporations refpedively or quorums of them (hall fiiil aflemblc, (hall take tbe chair, and do all the duties of prefident or head of the corporation for that meeting ; and the faid corporations refpedively (hall be confidered as affembled for the purpofe of determining, who (hall be the prefident of that day, when four (hall have come to the place of meeting at the afore-laid time appointed for the firit meeting of the faid corporations refpedively, and at all fubfequent times after four of the faid corporations (hall have come to the place of meeting at the refpedive times to be appointed for fuch meetings; and every perfon, qualified or capable as afore-faid of prefiding at the meetings of the faid corporations, Ggn notice for may at all times after the aforefoid firft time appointed for corporate the meeting of the laid corporations by notice in writing	M

ligned by him, to be polled at the proper alfizes town, or at the Tholfel in the city of Dublin, fix days at the lead before the time of meeting, exclufive of the day of polling fuch notice and the day of meeting, convene the faid corporations refpediveijr to do all corporate ads; but no fe-cond notice, figned by a different perfon, (hall fuperfede a former; of which faid corporations refpedively five (hall be a competent number to do all corporate ads; and the faid corporations are hereby refpedively authorized and im-powered to eled during good behaviour fuch other perfons refiding within their counties, cities, or towns refpedively, as they (hall think fit, and thofe alfo who (hall contribute any fum not lefs than twenty pounds, or (hall fubferibe and pay any annual fum not lefs than three pounds, to be applied to the charitable purpofes herein expreffed, to be members of the faid corporations refpedively ; and the faid corporations refpedively are hereby authorized to make bye laws, reafonable and confonant to the laws of the land, and to appoint Handing committees, for the purpofes herein after mentioned, to meet and ad at a certain place to be appointed in each county, city, or town ; and the faid corporations refpedively are hereby authorized and qualified to accept or take by purciiafe, or by a voluntary grant, or by devife, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments of inheritance or for lives, not exceeding to any one of the faid corporations the clear yearly value of five hundred pounds, any law to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding ; but the corporation of any of the faid counties! cities, or towns,

,	(hall

prefident to

Digitized by LjOOQIC

1 roods in

a city or town, and in the county 20 acres for fites of houfes.

Biftops may grant lands,

Sec. notwith-ftanding 10 and li C. I. c. I. or other law.

The eleventh and twelfth Years of (icorge til.

(hall at no time have a capacity to take lands of inheriting or for lives of a greater value than as aforefaid except in the cafe of evi&ion or determination of intereft, in which cafe the faid corporations refpe&ively may make fuch new ac-quifition as aforefaid, not exceeding the clear annual value aforefaid ; and the faid corporations refpe&ively are hereby authorized and qualified to take all fuch donations in per-fonal property, as {hall be made to them, and to accept of all leafes for years of houfes or lands, fo as no fuch leafe fliall exceed twenty one years ; but every leafe for years of lands or of a houfe, to be made to any of the faid corporations, exceeding that term, fhall be void except as hereafter excepted.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid corporations refpe&ively over and above the five hundred pounds a year and leafes for years, which they are authorized to acquire as aforefaid, may alfo be ca-* pable and qualified to take by grant or by devife any quan-tity of ground or land within their counties refpe&ively, not exceeding in a city or town two roods plantation mea-fure, and not exceeding in the open country twenty acres of like meafure, for the fites of houfes to be built for the reception of the helplefs poor, and for keeping in re-ftraint flurdy beggars and vagabonds, as herein after is di" refted.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every archbifhop and bifhop of this kingdom may and are hereby authorized and impowered to grant fuch por* tions of ground or land as aforefaid out of the eftates of their fees refpe£tively to the faid corporations refpe&ively for the fites of fuch houfes as aforefaid for fuch eftate or eflates, whether in fee, for lives renewable or not renewable, or for years, at fuch rent and fines as ftich archbifhop or bifhop fhall think fit, or without any rent or fine, if fuch archbifhop or bifhop fhall think fit; and that every fuch grant and leafe fhall be good and valid againft fuch archbifhop and bifhop and their fucceffors refpe&ively without the concurrence of any other perfon or body of men, notwithftanding an a& of Parliament puffed in this kingdom in the reign of the late King Charles the firft, entitled, An cid for the preferva-tion of the inheritance, rights, and profits of lands belonging to the church and per fans ccclfajhcal, or any other law or ufage that is or has been of force in this kingdom; and the faid corporations refpe6tively are hereby authorized and required to grant to the helplefs poor, who have refided for one year within their refpe&ive counties, cities, or towns, badges, or marks of fuch materials and of fuch a damp pr imprefliony as they fhall think fit; and to grant to fuch helplefs poor a licence to b£g in fuch barony, city, town, or parifh, within

the

Digitized by

■s- The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George IIL %c counties of the faid corporations refpe&ively, as they ■n (tail think fit, for fuch a time or term as they (hall think ■ it, fpecifying the names and places of birth and the charac-a Jfcrs of the perfons fo licenfed, and the caoies, as nearly as ^ Atay be colleded of the poverty of the perfon fo licenfed,

-And whether reduced to that date by ficknefs or misfortune ;

Jmd the faid corporations, refpedively are hereby authorized _ IS© licence fo many juft ices of the peace within their refpec-tive -counties, as they (hall think fit, to deliver fuch badges,

And to grant fuch licenfea.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,	tMm

That the faid corporations may and they are required to build piral.% built for bofpitals, to be called work houfes or houfes of indullry the poor, whea and for the relief of the poor in their refpedive counties, as

foon as they fiiall be pofleffed of funds fufizeient for thofe purpofes, as plain as durable, and at as moderate expences as may be; and that thofe hofpitals be divided into four arts, of which one part is to be allotted for fucb poor elplefs men, as (hall be judged worthy of admifiion; on* ^

*other%part for the reception of fuch poor helplefs women as fhall be judged worthy of admifiion; one other part for the reception of men who (hall be committed to the hofpital, as hereafter is direded, as vagabonds or tturdy beggars able or fit for labour; and the fourth part for fuch idle, drolling, anddif-orderly women, as fhall be committed to the hofpital, as herein After is direded, and fhall he found able and fit for labour.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore*

(aid, That every roan above the age of fifteen years, who ^vf^**** fhall be found begging without fuch licence as aforefaid, and without hccncc* who fhall not wear fuch badge as aforefaid expofed to pub- i iuiithcd** lick view on the back or (boulder, fhall be committed to herein, flocks by any judice of the peace, authorized to ad for the county, city, or town, where fuch perfon fhall be found begging, as aforefaid, and to be fo kept in flocks for any fpace of time not exceeding three hours for the firil offence, and for every fubfequent offence for any fpace of time not exceeding fix hours; and every old perfevering offender may be indided and tried for fuch his offence at the quarter feffions to be held for the county, city, or town, where th$ party (hall have offended, or any adjournment thereof; and jf convided of fuch offences by a jury, fhall fuffer impri-fonment in the common prifon of the county, city, or towij without bail or mainprise for any fpace of time not exceed* ing two calendar months; and if after fuch convidion the perfon fo convided (ball again offend a9 aforefaid, fuch perfon being convided as aforefaid of fuch new offence before the juftices at the quarter feflions held for the county where fuch offence (hall be committed, or any adjournment tlicre« pf, may be fenteQced by the faid juftices to be and (hall be

Voir* Vt	0	accordingly

J77

A. D.

1771'2* Chap. 30.

CnnnHr hnT.

Digitized by CjOOQle

Perfon* ap-

Tbe eleventh dnd twelfth Tears of George III* accordingly publickly whipped in any market town in the faid county, and fhall alfo be again imprifoned as aforefaid for any time not exceeding four calendar months, and fo in confequence of every conviction after the firft as often as the party fhall offend; and in the cafe of females who fhall be found begging without fuch licenfe and badge as aforefaid, every fuch female fhall be copfined in any place, that fhall be appointed for that purpofe, by any juftice of the peace of that county, city, qr town, for the firft offence for any fpace not exceeding three hours, and for every fubfequen$ fuch offence for any time not exceeding fix hours; and every pld and perfevering fuch female offender ftiall he pro? peeded againft at the fefiions as aforefaid.

VII♦ And be it further enacted by the authority afore*

Ceeears without That the faid corporations refpc&ively may under theif licence, &f. common feals appoint fuch and fo many perfons ip the counties, cities, or towns within their jurifdi&ions refpe&ively at reafonable and moderate falarips, as they fhall think fit, to feize and arrtft all fuch perfons, whom they fhall find begging without fuch licence and badge as aforefaid, and carry all fuch perfons before the next juftice of the peace for the county, city, or town, in which fuch perfons fhall be found begging as aforefaid, who, on path piade before them refpedively that the party has offended as aforefaid, jnay commit the party to the flocks or otherwife as afore? (aid; and the juftices of the peace at the quarter fefiions arc hereby authorized and impowered to hear, try, and determine the faid offences referred to the fefiions as aforefaid, pnd on convi&ion to pronounce fuch judgments as aforefaid ; and the juftices of the peace, before whom fuch offenders, whofe primes are referred to the feffions as aforefaid, fhall be brought, are hereby authorized to examine one or more wit-neffts upon oath, and to take written informatiops to the charge, and on the pofitive oath of any witnefs tq commit fhe party aqcufed to prifon to be proceeded againft as aforefaid, unlefs the party accufed can procure bail tq appear at the fefiions; and all juftices of the peace are hereby authorized and required within their refpe&ive counties, cities, or towns on their own view and obferyation to caufe every fuch perfon as aforefaid, who fhall beg without fuch licence or badge as aforefaid, to be feized and put into and continued in flocks px confinement as aforefaid, to be dealt with for every firft and fubfequent offence as aforefaid; and alfo on their view and obfei vation without other evidence to commit fuch old and perfeyexing offenders as aforefaid to prifon tQ be proceeded againft a$ aforefaid, fpecifying in the warrant of committal the crime of the party fo committed; and fo all juftices of the peace jure hereby required tq do likcwife,

where

Digitized by UooQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George 11L	yy

"where thefe committals are grounded on an information on A. D. oath, that the parties committed may be bailed by any other 1771-2 juftice of the peace, if he may procure bail before trial, to Chap. 30 appear at the next fitting of the quarter feflions; and in V— every cafe where a poor perfon, who (hall be thought worthy of a licence and badge, (hall have one or more children under the age of ten years not apprenticed or othenvife pro vtded for, the perfon or perfons applied to in fuch a cafe for a badge and licence (hall either infert the names, number, and age of fuch children in the licence, or at his or then election, (hall take fuch or fo many of them, as he or they fhall think fit, from the parent, and convey fuch child or children to the committee of that county, city, or town, and to infert the names of the reft in the parents licence: and if any fatherlefs or deferted poor children under the age of eight years fhall be found (trolling and begging, it fhall and may be lawful for thofe appointed to grant licences as aforefaid to take up fuch children, and convey them to the committee of that county, city, or town ; and the faid committees refpc&ively may convey fuch of the faid children, who (hall be under the age of eight years, to fuch charter fchool nurfery as (hall receive them, and may apprentice the reft : and the (aid committees are hereby required to keep up a correfpondence with the incorporated fociety for pro-teftant charter fchools, that they may be informed time after time, when room or accommodation may be had for poor children 5 and the faid fociety are hereby required to give that information to the faid committees; and the faid committee are hereby required to communicate time after time the information, they (hall fo receive, to the perfons who (hall be authorized to take up poor children as aforefaid ; and the faid perfons may from time to time, as often as they (hall think fit, order all fuch children, or fo many of them as they (hall think fit, whofe names (hall have been inferted in licences as aforefaid, to be taken up and conveyed to the laid committees refpe&ively as aforefaid, that all poor chil-drrn may as much as poflible be prevented from ftrolling, and may be put to trades or to induftry.

VIIL And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That- the faid corporations refpe&ively may, and they Manner of are hereby required, as foon as they (hall have acquired fuuds puniftunj? ftur-fufficient for building and fumifhing houfes of iuduftry as aforefaid, to take into thofe houfes lo many vagrants, fturdy beggars, and vagabonds, to be kept at hard labour, and fo many helplefs poor as their fund (hall admit of, and the faid corporations are hereby authorized and required to feize every ftrolling vagrant capable of labour, who hath no place of abode, and who doth not live by his 02 her labour or,

O o 2	induftry,

Digitized by L.ooQle

5*6’	The	eleventh	emA twelfth Years of George III.

A. D. induftry, and every perfon above the age of fifteen years, who 1771-2. (hall beg publickly without fuch licenfe or badge as aforefaid.

Chap. 30. or after the term of fuch licence (hall be out and not renewed, and every ftrolling proftitute capable of labour, and to com? mit the faid perfons laft mentioned to diriflons allotted re-fpeftively for them in the faid houfes or hofpitals as aforefaid? and there to keep them to hard labour, and to compel them to work, maintaining them properly, and in cafe of reftifaj or ill behaviour to inflidt reafonable corporal punifhment oij-the offenders, and to keep all the faid diforderly perfons fo in reftraint for the firft time of commitment for any fpace? of time not exceeding two calendar months; and if being fet at liberty, or paving efcaped, they (hall return to their Former courfes of life, each perfon fo offending fhall be fo kept in reftraint after a fecond commitment for any fpace of time not exceeding four calendar months; and after a third commitment for any fpace not exceeding one year 5 arid after a fourth commitment, for any fpace not exceeding two years? and if any of the faid diforderly perfons being fet at liberty a fourth time fhall return to his or her former courfe of life? then for any time the corporation of that county, city, oy town, where fuch offender fhall be found fo trafifgreffing, not exceeding four years, fhall think fit, and fo ^gain after the expiration of that term: and the faid corporations r6-fpe&ively are hereby authorized and required to make byelaws and prders for the government of every fuch houfe or hofpital, and to appoint mafters and other fit perfons and fer-yants to govern and take care of fuch houfes and hofpital^ at reafonable and moderate falaries and wages ; and this faid corporations refpe&ively may alfo appoint treafurers to receive fuch donations and rents, as they fhairrefpe&ively acquire or become jntitled to? at mdderafie falaries; and the faid corporations are hereby warned arid required to expend fuch donations and rents for the charitable purpofes herein expreffed with the greateft care and oecoriomy at the peril of every individual, who fhall be perfonally anfwerable for any embezzlement 01 pifapplication of or partiality in the dif-pofal of any part of the revenues or property of the faid corporations refpe&ivejy,1 'which fuch individuals fhall be guilty of, or concur in, by a fuit in ‘the iiafrie of the King’s attorney general either in the court of Chancery or court of .Exchequer, 'Which the faid courts' may and are hereby required to hear and determine; and in every fuch' fuit coflj lhall be awarded agairtft the" defendants, if found culpable as aforefaid; arid in fevery fuch fuit a relator of property and reputation fhall be named, again ft whom defts fhall be Awarded to the defendant or defendants, if the fuit or complaint fhall appear to be grouhdlefs: and if any a&ion fha^ be brought againll any perfon for executing any of the pow-' ' ‘ - 0 " * ‘ ..................................... - • ........ '

• Digitized by

Google

Mm

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George Ilf. or a&i*g in any of the duties herein expreffed, the defendant or defendants may in every fuch fuit plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence; and in every cafe wheie the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch fuits fhall fail, the court, in which fuch fuit (hall be carried on, {hall award cofts to the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch fuit (hall be unable to pay fuch colit, the court may order fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs to be, and he, ihe, or they {hall be accordingly whipped in fome market town in the county, where the a&ion {hall be laid.

IX.	And be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid,

in order to create fome revenues for the faid corporations at CVCI7 fpring &c^ the outlet that the grand juries of every county, county of	iooL

a city, and county of a town in this kingdom refpe&ively

for ever may and they are hereby authorized and required at every fpring affixes, to be held in the faid counties refpec-tivcly, after the twelfth day of February in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy three, to prefent in every county of a city or town, to be raifed by preferment from off the lands and houfes in that county equally and ratea-bly, before the firft day of November then next following any fum not lefs than one hundred pounds, nor more than two hundred pounds, and from off the lands and houfes of every county at large as aforefaid any fum not lefs than two hundred pounds, nor more than four hundred pounds, to be paid to the corporations of the faid counties refpe&ively, or to their treafurers refpe&ively, without any Fee or deduction whatsoever, for the charitable pnrpofes aforefaid, and to be af-feffed and colle&ed as other county taxes are; and for the faid tax hereby impofed the coiledors thereof are hereby required to give to thofe, who pay it, receipts feparate and diftind from thofe given for other taxes.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That ifany perfon {hall go about begging with a badge or counterfeit licence counterfeited to the likenefsor to an imitation of the hedges ic days licences and badges aforefaid, or {hall beg with a borrowed imprilonmcnu licence or badge, or with a licence or badge given or intended for another perfon, every perfon lb offending, being convicted of fuch offence before two juftices of the peace, who may hear and determine every fuch complaint fummarily, ftall be committed by fuch juftices of the peace to the common gaol of the county, there to remain without bail or mainprize for ten days.

XI.	Provided always, That no perfon for any of the of- Not fences herein {hall be continued in the (locks after four of the ed in flocks in clock in the afternoon from the firft of December to the firft the evening, of March, excepting thofe cafes where beggars (hall in that interval be catched in the ad of begging contrary to this netted Sec. ad, and {hall be committed to flocks after the hour of

four

Prefen tment

A. D.

1771*2.

The eleventh and twelfth Years of George III. four in the afternoon or in the evening, for that offence; nor (hall any perfon be continued in ftocks for any of the offences herein at any time of the year after funfet, excepting thofe inftances where beggars (hall be catched after funfet, in the a& of begging, and (hall be committed to ftocks for that offence: and the redlors, and vicars, and incumbents of all parilhes in this kingdom are hereby required to permit fuch clergymen of the eftablifhed church, as the faid corporations refpedlively (hall appoint, to preach fermons in their churches refpettively and in every year on fuch days, as the faid corporations refpeftively (hall appoint, to recommend the charitable purpofts herein expreffed to the congregations affembled in thofe churches, and to all the inhabitants of thofe parilhes, and to permit colle&ions to be made on the days when fuch fermons (hall be preached in thofe churches, and throughout the faid parilhes refpedtively in confequence of thofe fermons ; and the faid corporations refpe&ively may and are hereby authorized and required to appoint fit perfons to make fuch colle&ions ; and the films, fo colle&ed through* out every county, (hall be paid to the corporations of that county, to be applied within that county for the charitable purpofts aforefaid.

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act for enabling certain Perfons to carry on and complcat the Grand Canal.

Amended ib G. 3. c. 60. f. 16.

29 G. 3.C. 59.

WHEREAS feveral fums of money have been heretofore expended for the purpofe of making an inland canal and navigation between the city of Dublin and the river Shannon 5 and from the difficulties attending the faid undertaking, and from the feveral additions which it may be ntcellary to make thereunto, as well by continuing the fame to the river Liffty and the harbour of Dublin as by opening a communication between the faid canal and the navigable parts of the Barrow, and other rivers contiguous thereunto, and by making outlets or off-branches to certain market towns adjacent to the faid canal, it now appears, that a very coniiderable additional fum, not lefs than one hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, will be neceffary for compleat-ing the faid navigation : and whereas the right honourable the lord mayor, (heriffs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, the right honourable the earl of Drogheda, the right honourable lord Sydney, the right honourable the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, the right reverend Walter bi(hop of Clonfcrt, Sir Fitzgerald Aylmer, Michael Aylmer efquire, Andrew Armftroug of Clara King’s county efquire, Mr. Hillary Andoe, Mr. William Alder, lieutenant colonel William Burton efquire, William Burton efquire, 6	Charles

Digitized by

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.	585

Charles Blakency efquire, Mr. Samuel Burrowes, Mr. Ro- A. D* bert Bonynge, Mr. John Blake, Mr. Richard Bolton, Mi- 1771-3. chael Bellew, county Galway efquire, Nicholas Bellew ef- Chap. 31. quire, Daniel Chenevix efquire, Mr. William Colvill, Bar-tholomew Callan efquire, Richard Charters efquire, Mr.

T*homa6 Cox, Graves Chamney efquire, John Clinch ef-quire, right honourable Thomas Conolly, right honourable Nathaniel Clements, reverend dean Digby, Simon Di^by efquire, William Dean efquire, Chriftopher Deey efquire,

Mr. Jeremiah DDlier, Mr. Richard Eaton junior, alderman Thomas Emerfon, reverend George Evans, Robert French efquire, Mr. Francis French, alderman Richard French, Mr. James Farrell, Mr. Noah Ford, Mr. Thomas Gieen, Mr. William Gay nor, John Geale efquire, Ebenezer Geale and company, Waiter HufTey efquire, James Horan efquire, Peter HoIn.es efquire, Thomas Kavanagh efquire,

Denis Kelly efquire, Chriltopher Lyfter efquire, alderman Willoughby Lightburne, Harcourt Lightburne efquire,

Redmond Morres efquire, Mr. George Maquay, do&or Charles Moreton, ftcretary to the royal fociety, William Maguire, efquire, honourable Ponfonby Moore efquire, honourable William Moore efquire, Richard Morgan efquire,

Mr. John Nugent, Richard Nelfon efquire, Richard Nevil efquire, Sir Lucius OBrien baronet. Sir Fielding Ould,

Arthur Pomeroy efquire, Hercules Langford Rowley efquire, Mr. Walter Rcdfoord, Mr. Archibald Redfoord,

Mr. William Rawlins, Mr. Michael Reilly, Edward $cri-ven efquire, Robert Stephenfon efquire, Mr. Thomas Stevens, Sentleger Sertleger efquire, Mr. John Seaton, Mr.

Charles Seaton, Mi. Michael Sweetrnan, Mr. Patrick Sweetman, Richard Talbot efquire, Mr. David Thayne,

John Thewlcs efquire, Wentworth Thewles efquire, and Mr. Timothy Turner, Agmondifham Vefey, efquire, Walter Weldon efquire, Stewart Weldon efquire, Mr. Jofeph Web Her, Mr. Arthur Winter, Mr. Patrick Weldon, reverend Arthur Weldon, Mr. Thomas Wildridge, and fcveral other perfons have already afTociated themfelves for the pur-pofe of carrying on fo ufcful a defign, by which the faid city of Dublin may with greater certainty, and at a much cheaper rate than at prefent, be fupplied with mod of the neceffaries of life, and the high roads leading to the faid city (many of which are now almolt impafTable) will be lefs crowded and may more eafily be kept in repair : and the faid perfons having engaged to fubferibe fevcral very confi-derablc fums towards complcating the faid work, it is rea-fonable, that they together with all future fubferibers fhould have fomc adequate compenfation, as well for the fums they (hall fo lay out, as for the hazard and labour of fuch a work: be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and

with

Digitized by CjOOQle

5*4

A. D-

I77I-2.

Chap. 31

fcribed.

3ubfcriher» to depodt5 per cent, in a month, tec.

*The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of fame, That immediately after this prefent a& (hall pals into a law', the corporation for promoting A ful>fcription and carrying on an inland navigation in this kingdom, (half to be opened by open a fubfeription for carrying on and compleating the faid £ y^<watIon, navigations from the city of Dublin to the Shannon, or fo 60 oool. fub- much thereof as to the faid corporation fhall feem expedient : and that the faid fubfeription fhall be kept open, until the fum of fixty thoufand pounds fhall befubferibed for the pur-pofes aforefaid.

ID And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That fuch fubferibers fhall, within the fpace of one calendar month after fuch fubfeription fhall be dofed, pay in five per cent. of the fums by them refpe&ively fubferibed to fuch per-fon or perfons, as fhall be appointed for that purpofe by the faid corporation, and in default thereof the fubfeription of every perfon failing to pay fhall be abfolutely void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; and the faid corporation fhall open a new fubfeription for filling up fuch deficiency, or until the faid fum of fixty thoufand pounds in the w'hole fhall be fubferibed, and a depofit of five per cent. be made thereupon, and fhall then proceed therein in the manner herein before deferibed.

III. Provided always, That no perfon fhall be permitted to fubferibe lefs than fifty pounds.

On payment IV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

©f the 5 per faid, That as foon as five per cent, upon fuch fubfeription

cent, fubicribers	-g	as	afopefay fuch fubferibers fhall be united

erected into a ini*	c	•	,	r	..	.

company, &c. and erected into one company for carrying on the faid navi-

and veiled with gation, and fhall from thenceforth be one body politick and

the following corporate by the name of the company of undertakers of

power®.	the gj.ang Canal, and (hall have perpetual fuccefiion and a

common feal, and by that name may fue and be fued ; and

fhall thenceforth be capable in law to purchase and take mef-

fuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, not exceeding

the value of five hundred pounds a year, at the time of fuch

purchafe, and to grant, alien, demife, or difpofe of the

fame or any part thereof at their free will and pleafure, and

that the faid company fhall thenceforth by virtue of this a&

be fully empowered by themfelves, their agents, overfeers,

workmen, and fervants to cany on and compleat the faid

canal, and fuch communication as to the faid company fhall

feem moft convenient, between the faid canal and the river

Liffey, and alfo a communication or canal between the faid

grand canal and the navigable parts of the river Barrow,

together with the navigation of the faid river Barrow from

the fources thereof to the bridge of Athy, and to join the

faid grand canal with the river Boyne, if fuch junction fhall

4	to

Not under Jcl.

Digitized by UooQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George IIU	585

to the faid company feem expedient : and that the faid com-	A. D.

pany fhall in like manner be empowered to open all rivers,	1771-3.

and to make all fuch outlets, ofF-branchcs, cuts and naviga- Chap. 31. tions, trenches, paffages, dams, and wiers as may by fuch \***~>Cmm*^ company be judged neceffary for carrying on the faid work, or for fupplying the faid canals and navigations with water.

V.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Compan tm it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid company, from mcct regu-tirne to time as occafion fhall require, to affemble in the city late bye-laws, of Dublin, and from time to time to adjourn fuch affem- ^c.ashetcin. blies; and at fuch affemblies or adjournments thereof to

make fuch bye laws, rules, or orders for the better government of their affairs and of their members, and for making fuch contra£ts or agreements, and for appointing fuch fer-vants and perfons for carrying on the laid navigation, as they fhall think lit, and to vary or repeal fuch bye laws, rules, and orders, and to make new ones for the good and orderly ufing of the faid navigation, and for fettling the wages and for the well governing the bargemen, watermen, and boatmen, who fhall convey any goods thereon, and to impofe reafonablc fines and forfeitures upon all perfons offending therein ; the faid fines and forfeitures to be levied by fuch ways and means as the company fhall dire&; fo as no fuch fine fhall exceed five pounds upon any perfon for one offence 5 and the faid bye laws, being put into writing under the foal of the faid company, (hall be binding to and be obferved by all parties, and fhall be fufficient in any court of law or equity to juftify all perfons, who fhall a& under the fame, or iu levying any penalty or forfeiture thereby incurred.

VI.	Provided always, That the faid bye laws fhall not be Bye-kws ap-contrary to the laws and ftatutes of this realm, but it (hall proved by chan-be approved by the faid chancellor for the time being, the cc^or>

lord chief joffice of the King’s bench for the time being, the lord chief jufficeof the common pleas for the time being, and the lord chief baron of the court of Exchequer for the time being, or any two of them.

VII.	Provided always, That eight days notice at the g incIu-leaft, including the day of fuch notice and the day of meet- flv. notice of ing previous to fuch meeting, fhall be given at the time meeting.

and place of holding fuch affeinblies in fuch publick news papers of the city of Dublin, as lhall be agreed on by the faid company.

VIII.	Provided neverthelefs, That any perfon, who fhall Appeal againft think himfelf aggrieved by any order or judgment in purfu- byc-Uw*, wc ance of any fuch bye law, may complain within fix months an<l fiues

then after to the juffices at the quarter fefiions in the coun- 8a‘cd* ty, wherein fuch bye-laws (hall be carried into execution, or

in

Digitized by v^ooQle

5*6 The eleventh and twelfth Teart of George If I.

A. D. in the county of the city bf Dublin, who (hall in a fumma-1771-2, ry way hear and determine the faid complaint at fuch quar-

Chap, 31. terfeffions; and, if they fee caufe, may mitigate or alter fuch fines or forfeitures, and may order any money to be re* turned, which (hall have been levied or paid in purfuance of *	fuch bye-law 5 and may alfo order fuch further fatisfa&ion to

be made, and give fuch cofts to the party injured, as they (hall judge reafonable.

IX.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the joint ftock of the faid company (hall be the faid fum of fixty thoufand pounds, together with all fuch further fums (not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of one hundred and fifty thoufand pounds) which (hall be fubfcribed, and upon dJfoooolwitk which fuch payment of five per cent, (hall be made within further fubferip- the faid term of one calendar month from the time fuch ori-tions, not fx- ginal fubfeription (hall be clofed ; and alfo fuch other fums as seeding	the faid company at fome general meeting (hall judge necef-

I5,ooooL fary to ^ ^fed by fubfeription for the purpofe of carrying on the faid work: which fums, when fubfcribed, (hall be added to and become a part of the joint ftock of the faid company.

Divided into X. And be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid. That 5ol. (hues. the joint (lock of the faid company (hall be divided into (hares of fifty pounds each.

New (hue* of XI* And whereas the faid fubferibers cannot enjoy the 50I. may be fold full profits of the faid undertaking, until the fame (hall be to new fuhfcri- compleated ; but their monies advanced muft for fome time hers, tec. remain without producing any intereft to themfeives, and it is not reafonable, that future fubferibers fhould reap the benefits of the faid work upon the fame terms with thofe, who (hall have borne the principal part of the hazard and lofs, which at firft may be incurred: be it ena£ted by the authority aforefaid, That if at any time after one calendar month next enfuing the clofing of the faid original fubfeription the faid company (hall be minded to enlarge their capital ftock, and their original fubferiptions (hall at fuch time be valued above par, or at more than the fum originally fubfcribed, the faid company may be at liberty and they are hereby empowered from time to time to caufe new (hares of fifty pounds each in the faid joint ftock to be made out, and to fell the fame to any new fubferibers at fuch rate as the faid company (hall appoint for the fame, or by publick cant ; and that the (aid fums fo fubferjbed (hall be add-* ed to and become part of the joint ftock of the faid company.

5 (hares to in- XII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That title to vote or no perfon (hall vote at any aflembly of the (aid company, or intermeddle, &c. have any right to intermeddle in any fort in the affairs of the faid company, unlefs he or (he (hall have in his or her own

namti

$oimift be

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of Qeorge III. name and right, or in right of his or her teftator or mtef-tatc, at lead five (hares of fuch dock; and that every member of the faid company (hall have one vote in all fuch aflemblie* for every five (hares of the fird twenty (hares he or (he (hall have in fuch joint dock; and that the refpe&ive members who (hall have a right to vote at fuch ademblies, may appear either in perfon or by proxy appointed by an indrument in writing under their refpe&ive hands and feals; and that the majority of votes at fuch ademblies (hall determine all matters in queftion ; and if there be an equality of votes, that the chairman of fuch ademblies (hall have a cading vote befides his vote as a member of the faid company.

XIII.	Provided always, That at every fuch adembly there (hall be prefent in perfon or by proxy fifty members at lead, prdfenti who (hall have a right to vote, or otherwife fuch adembly P^T*

(hall have no power to carry into execution any of the powers

or authorities hereby given.

XIV.	Provided alfo, That no perfon (hall have in his own

right more than four votes in any fuch adembly ; and that ¥0tcif*c. the lord mayor, (herifts, and citizens of Dublin, who have engaged to fubfcribc ten thoufand pounds, fo long as they (hall continue to be podeded of the faid capital dock of ten thoufand pounds, towards the faid work, (hall have twenty fuch votes in every fuch adembly ; and that it fltall and may be lawful for the faid lord mayor, or aldermen, and citizens to appoint any number of pcrfons not exceeding twenty, to attend for them at all fuch ademblies, and to vote, and in all refpe&s ad like other fubfcribers to the faid joint (lock.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- preccd;^ faid, That all the accounts, tranfadions, and proceedings entered, *c. of faid company (hall be fairly and regularly entered in books

to be kept for that purpofe, to which every perfon having In his own name and right any (hare in fuch joint (lock, or his or her reprefentative or reprefentatives, may have accefs at all reafonable times toinfped.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Property and faid, That the ft vcral lands, tenements, and hereditaments* powers vrfLxi in waters, watcrcourfes, bridges, locks, flu ices, drains, banks, 'c comPanT-dams, roads, towing paths, and other ways, which are now

veiled in the faid corporation for the promoting and carrying on an inland navigation, or are now in the poflVfiion and enjoyment of the faid corporation for the purpofe of carrying on the faid navigation, between the city of Dublin and the river Shannon, and between the faid canal and the bridge of Athy on the river Barrow, and alfo the materials and uten-fils which have been or (hall be provided for carrying on the faid work, and any and every fum of money which may have heretofore been granted for any part of the faid works, and

which

Digitized by L,ooQle

5*8

A. D.

1771*2.

Chap. 31.

May purchafe houfe or garden.

The elevtqfb and twelfth Tears of George Iff. which may remain unexpended, (hall, from and immediately after fuch company fhall be fo ereXed as aforefaid, be veiled in the faid company and their fucceffors; and that fuch company and their fucceffors fhall from and after the time aforefaid be invefled with and fhall hold and enjoy aH and fin* gular the powers, privileges, advantages, and authorities in-all things for the purpofes of carrying on the faid navigation from the faid city of Dublin to the river Shannon, with all the parts, members, and connexions thereof, as are now veiled in the faid corporation by virtue of the feveral a6ta heretofore made in this kingdom ; and that the faid company may be inverted with all fuch powers, as are veiled in the faid corporation, to enable them to open the communication and canal between the end of the prefent canal and the faid river Liffey 5 and to enable them to fummon juries as by the fatd aXs are directed for the valuing any lands, houfes, tenements, and hereditaments, as may be neceffary for compleat-ing the faid work, and for making fuch wharfs, quays, ftorehoufes, markelhoufes, locks, bafons, and docks, as may be judged by the faid company proper for faid work ; and that the faid company may be enabled to purchafe and hold fuch lands, houfes, tenements, and hereditaments for the purpofes aforefaid : and further that the faid company may be verted with the like powers to enable them to carry on and compleat the faid canal from the faid grand canal to the river Barrow and the bridge of Athy, and fo much of the water of the laid river Barrow, and of the Blackwood river, as may be neceffary for carrying on the faid navigation, firfl making compensation for all fuch mills and lands as may be damaged by faid works, and with powers to purchafe banks and towing paths as may be neceffary for the faid navigation, and with like power to open the communication from faid grand canal to the river Boyne.

XVII.	Provided always, If it fhall be neceffary for the laid company in the profecution of the faid work to purchafe any houfe or garden, they fhall have full power by this aX to purchafe the fame, in fuch manner as they are hereby empowered to purchafe any lands or other hereditaments, any exception in any former aX notvvithftanding.

XVIII.	And whereas the faid corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation are empowered to purchafe fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as might be neceffary for carrying on and effeXing their feveral undertakings, and to caufe juries to be impannelled, who fhould affefe fuch damages and recompences, as they fhall think fit to be awarded to the owners and oceupiei'3 of any fuch lands, as fhall be ufed for or damnified by making fuch navigations, and the laid corporation were to give judgments

Digitized by kjOOQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.	58gf

^ot fuch Cams fo to be nfTefled by fatd juries, which verdiA	A. D.

-and judgment are made final and conclufive ; and upon pay-	1771-2,

Tmrnt of thefums foaflefled or tender thereof all fuch lands, Chap. 31. tenements, and hereditaments, were to be transferred to the ■faid corporation ; and whereas the faid corporation have heretofore caufed feveral lands neceflary for the carrying on tthc faid grand canal to be valued by juries as aforefaid, but the purchase money, fo afiefied by the faid grand juries, hath not yet been paid : be it enaAed by the authority afore- I^nd* here-laid, That all fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as tofwe valued by have at any time heretofore been valued by juries as aforefaid iur!cs* vcl*-•for the purpofe of carrying on and effecting the faid grand ^ljcrdn canal, and for which the purchafe money hath not yet been ' paid or tendered, (hall be verted in the faid company as fully and effe&ually to all irtents and purpofes whatfoever, as if the faid corporation had immediately after fuch verdiAs pronounced judgment on fuch verdiAs, and had paid or tendered the money fo aifefTed ; provided the faid company fhaH within twelve months from the time of palling this aA pay, or tender, and depofit the feveral fum$ fo uffcfled by the juries as aforefaid.

XIX.	And be it further enaAed by the authority afore- Former ver-

faid, That in all cafes, where the faid verdiAs have found di&s valid and the value of the lands fo enquired into at a certain rate by	moncy

the acre, and at a certain number of years purchafe, accord- c^°

Jng to the quantity of lands which may be taken according tofuch rate, without fpecifying the precife quantity of land which might he wanting, or the exaA fum which fhould have been paid, all fuch verdiAs heretofore given fhall be good and dleAual to all intents and purpofes whatfoever ; and that the faid company under fuch verdiAs fha!l have full power to take in fuch quantities of the faid lands, as may he neceflary for the faid navigation, or for railing materials for the fame, according to fuch valuations ; firft aferrtain-Jng the quantity cf land which fhall be vvanting ; or paying, or tendering, and depofitin^ the money for the fame at the rates in fuch verdiAs mentioned ; provided fuch quantities of land {hall be afeertained, and the purchafe money for the fame paid, tendered, or depofited as aforefaid, within twelve months from the palling this prefent a A.

XX.	And whereas the faid navigation between the hill of Company Downings in the county of Kildare and the river Shannon may on valua--doth fortliemofl part run through the great bog of Allen, Jion purd*»fe which is entirely wafle and unprofitable, and not likely jto ^ *crcm# be ever reclaimed by any private perfons, and the fubftance

of the faid bog is fo watery and thin, that it is hot probable, any permanent banks can be made to the faid canal, when it runs through the faid bog, unlefs the undertakers' ihcreof fhall be enabled *nd encouraged to dram and reclaim'

pertai^

Digitized by

May with die

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. certain parts of the faid bog of fome reafonable breadth on each fide of the faid canal: be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it may be lawful for the faid company, and that they may be hereby empowered and authorized, to caufe to be valued, and to take in and purchafe, fuch portions of faid bog between the faid hill of Downings and the faid river Shannon, and between the faid grand canal and the bridge of Monaftereven, as they may judge expedient, not exceeding in breadth fifty perches on either fide from the navigable water of the faid canals; fuch valuations and pur-chafes to be made in fuch manner as the faid corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation are empowered to proceed in purchafing lands for any navigation according to the laws now fubfifting in this kingdom.

XXL And whereas the waters of the river Morrell,

Morrel turn brooks and rivjuicU, &c.

which have for feveral years been the principal fupply of fo much of the faid canal, as hath been finifhed, are found not fufficient for the fupply of the whole of faid works: be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it may be lawful for the faid company to take, turn, or draw the waters of the rivulets or brooks, commonly called Blackwood river, Cu/haling, and Tiguele, and Efleer, and fuch other brooks and rivulets as may be interfered by the faid navigations or any part thereof, together with the faid river Morrell, or fo much thereof as they fhall judge neceffary ; the faid company for making fatisfa&ion to the proprietors of any mills or bleach greens on the faid rivers of Blackwood, Cufhaling, Tiguele, and Efker, or fuch other rivulets or brooks as fhall receive any damage thereby ; provided fuch mills or bleach greens were ere&ed before the firft day of March, one thou-firnd feven hundred and feventy-two.

Draw from XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-the Liffey, (aid. That it may be lawful for the faid company to take, above Millicent, turn, and draw from fuch part of the river Liffey, as fhall **	be found moil convenient above the ford at Millicent in the

county of Kildare, into the faid canal fo much water, as they fhall judge convenient for the faid works, provided the water fo to be taken does not exceed the quantity, that would freely flow through a fluice, fewer, or circular hole or bore, not more than two feet fix inches in the clear, and for the providing a regular fupply of water when neceffary from the faid river to the faid canal.

Make a cut XXIII. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, from the canal. That the faid truftees may be, and they are hereby, im-Icc.	powered	to	make	a	cut	or	watercourfe	from	the faid canal to

fuch part of the faid river Liffey as aforefaid; and at or near the communication of fuch water or watercourfe with the laid river, to affix a lock, flood-gate, or dam, in which there (hall be cut a circular hole or bore, not exceeding two feet

fix

Digitized by

Google

A dim troll

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of Creorge III. fix inches diameter, and (hall fix thereupon a brafs, copper, or iron plate, for the admiifyw of fuch quantity of water, and no more, except when fuch lock (hall be opened for the admifiion and pafTage of any boat or veffeL

XXIV.	And be it alfo ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,___________

That fuch company before fuch cut or watercourie may be the Liffey to~ at liberty to ere& one wyer or dam acrofs the faid river Lif-ra*k *he level, fey, fo as to raife the level of the water in fuch cut or water-Ac#

courfe to the level of the navigable water in fuch canal ; and may be at liberty to purchafe any land, not more than one acre, contiguous to fuch watercourfe or cut 5 the (aid company firil making fatisfa&ion for the value of (aid land, and for any fuch damage as may' be done by fuch wyer or drain, in the manner herein before directed.

XXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- ^ faid. That whenever there (hall be redundancy of water in dnndant water the faid canal, more than may be neceffary for the ufes of &c. navigation, that it (hall be lawful for the faid company to

fet or fell all fuch redundant water, or fo much thereof at they (hall judge expedient for bleach greens, mills, or manufactures, or other ufe whatfoever ; and to withhold the fame from all fuch perfons, as (hall not pay to the faid company an adequate compenfation for the faid water; and that the abfolute and foie property of the (aid water (hall be veiled in the faid company.

XXVI.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained Not to draw (hall extend to enable the laid company to draw off from the from the Liffey river Liffey more water, than (hall be fufficient for the pur- than for pofe of the faid navigation ; and (hall not extend to enable

them to diawoff water for the fake of felling or letting out fuch water $ it being the true intent and meaning of this a£t that no water (ball be fold, let, or difpofed of, other than fuch as may happen from 4 cafual redundancy in the faid canal.

XXVII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. Rates and da-That in conlideration of the expence and trouble which the ties to com-fjsiid company (hall be put to in making and maintaining the w^c» *• faid navigation together with the off-branches thereof, it (haUhercm*

and may be lawful to and for the faid company and their fuc-ceffors from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to afle, demand, receive, and fue for the ufe of the (aid company the fcveral rates and duties herein after mentioned ; that is to fay, for every boat, barge, or other veflel, navigating the faid navigations, or any part thereof, either upwards or downwards, in which any goods, merchandizes, or commodities, or other matter whatfoever (hall be carried, fuch rates and duties as the faid company (hall by their bye laws ordain and appoint, not exceeding the fum of three pence for every mile for every ton of the burthen or tunnagje of

Digitized by v^ooQle

59*

A. D.

1771-2. Chap. 31.

r Doties not paid company, ftc. may diftrain •• herein.

No other duty, toil, or cuftom.

Proprietors intit led in proportion to their joint flock, &c.

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. fuch barge or other veflel, or for every ton weight of fuefc goods, merchandizes, commodities or other matter what forever, which fhall be carried upwards or downwards, at the diferetion of the faid company: and for each paffenger in any fuch veflel in any fum not exceeding the fum of two pence, for every mile fuch paffenger fhall be carried ; and an additional rate, not exceeding two pence per ton, for every lock any fuch veffel fhall pafs through the faid communication between the faid canal and river Liffey.

XXVIII.	And be it enatted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe of refufal to pay the faidfeveral duties it fhall and may be lawful to and for tire faid company and their fervants either to diftrain fuch boats, barges, or other veffcis, or the goods therein for the fame, and difpofe thereof as is ufual m cafes of diftrefs for nonpayment of rent, or to fue for the recovery of the fame by civil bill; in cafe any difpute fhall arife touching the fum to be paid for every fuch rate, the fame fhall be adjufted by any jnftice of the peace, of county or city in which fuch difpute, with liberty to appeal to either party from fuch determination to the next going judge of affize for the county, wherein fuch difpute fhall arife, or in cafe the faid difpute fhall arife in the city of Dublin, or in the county of the faid city,, to the juftices of the faid city at the quarter feffion, whofe determination therein fhall be final.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That no duty, rate, toll, or cuftom whatfoever, fave the rates herein mentioned, fhall be taken for, upon, or out of any goods, merchandizes, commodities, or other matter Whatfoever, which fhall or may be carried by the faid navigation to or for any place whatfoever.

XXX.	And be it emitted by the authority aforefaid, That the proprietors of the faid joint ftoek, their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, fhall be entitled to the tolls, duties, and advantages, and profits hereby veiled in the faid company, in proportion to their refpettive interefts in the joint ftoek of the faid company, fubjett to fuch charges as the faid company fhall think fit to make for the compleating and preferring the faid works, and to the foil and water of the canals, together with the banks thereof, and fuch other portions of ground, as the faid company are empowered to acquire by virtue of this att 5 and that the faid proprietors intereft therein fhall be deemed and adjudged in all courts of law arid equity to be perfonal and not real eftate, and fhall alfo be deemed arid adjudged in the hands of the faid proprietors, their executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, not fubjett to or to be affetted by any of the laws to prevent the growth of popery, or fubjett tQ ?ny difcOvery under the fame $ and? that no perfon being* qr becoming a member or

fubfcribqp

Digitized by LjOOQle

The eleventh and twelfth Years of George III-	$93

Ttibfcriber for carrying on the faid navigations (hall thereby A. D# or in refpeft of his intereft in the capital (lock of the (aid 1771-2. company be liable to be a bankrupt within the meaning of Chap, 31. any law concerning bankrupts ; nor (hall the capital (lock of faid company, or the intereft of any particular member therein, be liable to any foreign attachment.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* Mty be belaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for every proprietor of queathed or fuch joint flock to bequeath the fame or to amgn the fame

in his lifetime; and that every affignroent, which (hall be made of any part of the joint ftoct, (hall be entered an<} made in a book for that purpofe, to be kept at fuch place as (hall be appointed by the faid company, and that no af-fignment (hall be deemed good, until entry be made in fuch book as aforefaid.

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Affcmbly

laid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid af.	*****

femblies, convened as herein before dire&ed, from time to FubXcriptioo* a# time, and at all times as occafion (hall require, to make one herein.

or more call or calls upon the feveral proprietors of the faid joint flock to pay in fuch parts of their refpe&ivt? fubferip-tions, as the faid aftemblies (hall think necefTary for carry ing on the laid works; provided fuch calls (hall not exceed the fnm of twenty pounds per centum on the feveral original fubr feriptions in any one year$ and in cafe any of the proprie* tors of the faid joint flock, their representatives or aflignSi fhall refufe or negledl to pay the fum fo called for within thirty days after the time appointed by fuch aflemblies for the payment thereof, notice (hall be given in the publick news papers aforefaid, that the faid company will proceed to fell by publick cant on fuch day, as (hall be fpecified in fuch notice, the (hare or (hares of the perfon or perfons fo refuting or negle£Hng to pay the fum or fums fo called for j and unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall, before the day fpecified in fuch notice to pay the refpe&ive fums fo called for to the faid company, or fuch perfon as they (hall appoint for the purpofe, (hall fell by publick cant at the ufu^l place of the faid company’s meeting, the (hare or (harca of the perfons fo refuting to pay ; and the money* for which the fame (hall be fold, fnall be paid to the faid company for the ufe of fuch proprietor or proprietors 1 fuid fuch proprietor or proprietors froin thenceforth he for ever barred from fuch (hare or (hares, and all profits anting therefrom, and of all intereft in the fame, both in law and equity; and fuch (hare or (hares, and all profits and advantages arifing therefrom, (hall from thenceforth be veiled iq fqch purchafer or purchafers: provided always, That fuel* notice (hall be given at leaft thirty days previous to fuch falq, including the day of fuch notice and th^ day of fale.

Vol. V.	¥	p	XXXIII.

*

Digitized by

TornpiVct

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III* XXXIII, And be it further ena&ed by the authority aipre^ fnid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid company to ereft one or more turnpikes upon an<Lacrofs any of the track ways, which now are or fhall be made on either fid$ of the faid navigation, and to take and receive the following

wavs, and toll taken.

waf*C<iMdtriCk tolls, k)r w^ch they may diftrain and fdl, as is ufual at other turnpikes, that is to fay, for every coach, berlin, chariot, or chaife drawn by fix horfes, one (hilling; for every coach, berliu, chariot or chaife, dr^wn by lefs than fix horfes, and more than one, fix pence; for every waggon, two (hillings and fix pence ; for every cart or other carriage with four wheels, fix pence ; for every chaife with one horfe^ three pence ; for every car or cart with more than one horfe, two pence ; for every car or cart with one horfe, one penny ; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, twenty pence by the (borei for every drove of calves, hogs, (heep, goats, or lambs, ten pence by the fpore, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer number.

XXXIV. Provided always. That fuch toll (hall be paid only at one gate, and but pnee in any one day ; and that na road, which is now pubKck, (hall be thereby ohflru&ed. Clear profit* XXXV^ And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, half yearly That the clear profits, which (hafl arife to the faid compx-

At one gate only, dec.

paid among proprietor!,

Name and abode of boat owners, Sec. in capitals.

Anfwcrable for damage by crew.

ny from the feveral duties hereby yelled in them or other-wife, or fo much thereof as (hall be thought proper, (hall from time tp time at Lady-day and Michaelmas, or within fifteen days, after the faid feafts refpe&ively, be paid to and amongft the refpe&iye proprietors, of the laid joint dock ip proportion to their (hares and interefts therein.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-

faid, That the owner of every velTel or’boat navigating the faid canal, or any of the off branches thereof, (hall caufe his, her, or their names and places of abode, and alfo the name of the perfon having the care of fuch veffel or boat in his place of abode, with the dimenfion or tonnage of their refpedlive boats or veffels, to be painted in large capital letters on the upper part of the bow on each (ide of fuch veffel or boat, and to be kept cpnllantly legible upon the fame; and (hall caufe the faid feveral particulars to be entered in a book kept by the (aid company for that purpofe, and (hall alfo caufe the faid boat to be numbered as aforefaid, or in default thereof every fuch owner (hall forfeit the (um of' forty (hillings, to be. recovered by any perfon who will fue for the fame. '	‘	•	'	'

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the owner of every fuch boat or veffel navigating the faid canal, or any of the (aid off branches thereof, fhall be anfwerable for any^damage or mifehief which (hall be done by any of the crew or perfon^ belonging to fuck boat

or

Digitized by

Google

*fht eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. fit tfeffel to any of the works of the faid navigation, or to A. 1). ttny of the goods laden in fuch boat or veffel.	1771-2.

' XXXVIII. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid* Chap. 31. • That if any perfon having the charge or management of any boat or other veffel, or navigating or working the	OWbudinf

fame, (hall lay fuch boat or veffel fo as to obftruct the paf-lage of other boats or veffels, and (hall not upon requeft im* abov< 40s. mediately remove the fame, or (hall hinder the opening or (butting of anv of the locks, fluices, dams, or other works of the faid navigation, or if the perfon having the care ot Management of fuch veffel (hall be abfent (unlefs by reafoit of forfie inevitable accident) from the boat or veffel, to V hlch he belongs, at any time during the courfe of the paf* fage on the faid canal, cuts, or river, every perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch offence forfeit any fum not exceeding fortv (hillings.

iXXIX. Ai)d be it further enacted by tlie authority Pcrfons aforefaid. That if any perfon (hall wilfully throw any bal- growing mar lair, Holies, dung, dirt, rubbilh, or clay, into the laid canal biih. See. or cuts, or in any of the parts of the faid navigation, or penalty 40s. (hall without the confent of the faid company lay any (tones, dung, dirt, rubbilh, brick, lime, timber, or clay* on any	,	,

track road or bank belonging to the faid canal or navigation, fuch perfon being thepeof convidied before any juftice of the peace of the county, or county of the city, where fuch offence (hall be committed, by the oath of one witneft at the lead* fuch perfon (hall forfeit to the faid company the fum of forty (hillings; and in cafe fuch offender (hall not immediately after conviction pay fuch fnm, (hall by the warrant of faid juilk>e be fent to the houfc of correction, to be kept to Iiard labour for fuch time as fuch juffice (ball direct, not exceeding three months; and if any perfon (hall keep any raft of timber or boards floating on the faid navigation or any part thereof without the confent of the faid company, fuch perfon, being convicted thereof before any juftice of the peace as aforefaid,(hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings to the faid company for every fuch offence, and (hall alfo make full fatisfac-tion to the laid company for any damage, that may be done thereby.

XL. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Sunk boats That if any boat or other veffel (hall happen to be funk, and the weighed and owner or perfon having the care thereof (hall not without	^

lofs of time weigh or draw up the fame out of the way of F	9

other veffels pafling upon the faid navigation, any agent or fervant of the faid company may caule fuch boat or veffel to be weighed or drawn up, and detain the fame, until payment be made of all expences occafioned thereby; and if fuch payment «be not made in four days, (hall caufe fale to be made thereof for reimburfing the faid expence or incident Pp 2	charges.

Digitized by

Google

596	The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III.

A. D. charges, and (hall return the overplus to the owner of fuck 1771-2. boat or veflel.

Chap. 31. XLI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, t—That if any perfon (haU malicioufly open or caufe to be open-Opening or C(j any lock, fluice, dam, gate, or water-courfe belonging to lockT^c^Ppu- ^e navigation, or (hall fo leave any of the fame open nilhed at herein, or running, after any boat or veflel (hall have pafled any lock belonging to the faid navigation, or (hall otherwife malicioufly mifpend or wafte the water of the faid navigation, every perfon for fuch offence (hall forfeit the fum of three pounds 1 and if any perfon or perfonS (hall wilfullyand malicioufly break down or damage, or caufe to be broken down or damaged, any of the works, which are already made, or which (hall be made for the ufe of the faid navigation, all and every perfons fo offending, and being thereof con-vided upon an information or indidment, (haU forfeit to the faid company treble the fum neceffary to be laid out in repairing (uch damage; which fum (hall be afeertained by the jury, who (hall try fuch offence; and the judge, before whom fuch offence (hall be tried, (hall commit fuch offender or offenders to the common gaol, till he or they (hall pay to the faid company the fum or (urns fo afeertained; fuch offence (hall be laid in the county, in which the fame happened. Company may	XLI I. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-

borrow, &c. (aid. That if the faid company (hall have occafion at any time to borrow money for carrying on faid works, it (hall be lawful for the faid company to take up and borrow upon the credit of the faid works and their eftate therein any fum not exceeding the amount of the fubferiptions a&ually expended on faid works at any rate of intereft not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, and to ftrike debentures for luch fumfo borrowed in fuch manner, as faid company by their bye laws (hall appoint 5 which debentures (hall be an a&ual charge and lien upon fuch parts of the (aid company eftate, as (hall be therein fpecified.

General iflbc XLIII. And be it further ena&edby the authority afore-pleaded, *c. faid, That if any fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons for any thing, which (hall be done in pursuance of this adl, fuch perfon may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence 5 and that this a& (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick a ft*

CffAI.

Digitized by

i

Google

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George 111# CHAP. XXXIII.

jin A8 for regulating the Journeymen Taylors and Journeymen Shipwrights of the city of Dublin and the Liberties thereof and of the County of Dublin.

iTt A- D.

1771-3.

TT/’HEREAS great numbers of journeymen taylors in Journeymen ^ * and about the city of Dublin and liberties thereof, and in and about the county of Dublin, who have ferved ap- frying fervicc prenticefhipg, or have been brought up in the art or without caufc^ myftery of a taylor, have lately departed from their fervices “ herein, without juft caufe, and have entered into combinations to advance their wages to unreafonable prices, and leffen their ufual hours of work, which manifeftly tends to the prejudice of trade, to the encouragement of idlenefs, and to the great increafe of the jpoor of this metropolis: and whereas thefe diforders principally arife from clubs and Societies formed and held in different parts of the faid city and county of Dublin, where affociations are entered into, oaths admi-niftered, and other illegal a&s committed, which if not timely prevented may be yroduftive of very ill confequences s for remedy whertof, be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That every perfon or perfons, who (hall knowingly permit fuch clubs or Societies to be kept and held in his, her, or their houfe or apartments, Shall upon convi&ion thereof be-* fore any two or morejuftices of peace for the county, wherein fuch perfon or perfons fhall be refident, upon the oath of two or more credible witneffes forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds, one moiety thereof to be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to be applied to the ufe of the blue coat hofpital in the city of Dublin ; and if fuch offender (hall not be able to pay fuch fine, that it fhall and may be lawful for the faid juftices by warrant under their hands and feals to commit fuch offender to the common gaol of the county, there to be kept without bail or mainprize for three months.

II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, ajj a_mcnU That all cont rafts, covenants, or agreements in writing or by taylors or not in writing, heretofore made or entered into, or hereafter journeymen in to be made or entered into, by or between any perfons or the brought up in, or profeffing, ufing, or exercifing the art ^mcewageslc«% or myftery of a taylor or journeyman taylor in making up illegal, mens or womens cloaths in the city of Dublin or liberties thereof, or either of them, or within the county of Dublin, for advancing their yrnga or * leflening their ufual hours of

works

Digitized by

Google

»•

A. D.

1771**. Chap. 33.

The eleventh and imlfth Tern* ef George tit*

Work, and all oaths to enforce fuch contra&s or agreements# (hall be and are hereby declared to be illegal: and further that if any taylor or journeyman taylor within the limits ftforefaid fhaBat any time or times after the firft day of June, One thoufand feven hundred and feventy two, keep up, Continue,, a & in, make, enter into, fign, feal, or be knowingly iate-refted or concerned in any contract, covenant, or agreement, by this a£ declared to be illegal, every perfon or peffoas fo offending, being lawfully convicted thereof upon the oath or oaths of two or more credible witnefs or witneffes before any two juftices of the peace within their jurifdi&iofts afore-faid upon any information exhibited of profeCution within three months after the offence committed ^ which oach, as well as every other oath allowed of by this aft, the faid Juftices are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) every fuch offender (hall by order of the juftices pay a fine of ten pounds; one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the faid blue coat hofpital; or if unable to pay faid fine fuch offender (hail be committed either to the houfe'

Work hours from fix in morning till 8 at night, &ve 1, and \ for dinner and breakfaft, Sec.

of correftion there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, of to the common gaol, as they fhaH fee caufe, there to remain without baft or matnprize for any time not exceeding three months.

III. And for declaring, limiting, and appointing the hours of work and wages for journeymen taylors, fervants, and apprentices to taylors, witnin the limits aforCfald, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufend feven hundred and feventy two, the hours of work for all journeymen taylors, fervants, and apprentices to taylort, and other perfons employed, or to be employed, or retained as taylors in making up mens or womens cloaths, or fuch femnts or apprentices within the city of Dublin and the liberties thereof, or either of them, or withul the county of Dublin, (halt be from fix in the morning untfl eight of the clock at night, excepting only that they fhail be allowed one Hour for dinner, and half an nour for breakfaft, in the time aforefaid; and for the fktd time or hours of work aforefaid there fhail be paid unto every journeyman taylor, or Other perfon employed or to be employed or retained as a journeyman taylor, for his work during the hours aforefaid the wages and fums following according to the (kill and abilities of fuch journeyman, that is to fay, any fum not lefsthan one (hilling and four pence, and not exceeding one (hilling and eight pence, per dicmy except during the fpace of three weeks from the publication of any order for a general mourning by the King at arms in the Dublin Gazette, and during that fpace any fum not exceeding two ftuflings and fix pence*

^	IV.	And

Digitized by Google

Jtm •*	•	-	**

The eleventh andtwelfth Year9 ef George III.

IV.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That in cafe any taylyr or taylors, or other perfon or per* fom acting as fuch, or parrying on, ufing, or exercifing the art or myftery of a taylor within the limits afprrfaid, (hall hire, retain, or employ any journeyman or other perfon, not Hiring jour-being an apprentice, he, we, or they fo luring, retaining, noJ™cn,r*cj pr employing any fuch journeyman or other perfon aforefaid, to pay ashore!* (apprentices excepted) (hall and they are hereby obliged and faid for the required tp pay them, according to the (kill and abilities of fuli time agreed, fuch journeymen after the rates aforefaid for the full time he,

(he, or they fhall fo hire* retain, and employ them, or agree fo to do.

V.	And for more eafy recovering the faid wages, it For rcfoVfr, fhall be lawful for any two juftices of the peace within the wage* 2 jurifdi&ions aforefaid refpedively, and they are hereby au- juftices may on. thorized and required, upon complaint upon path made for oatl» fumawn, that purpofe to fummon before them the party or parties ** ^crc*<l* offending, and for non payment of hich wages, or fufficient fatisfa&ion given for the fame to the party or parties aggrieved, to iffuc their warrant for levying fuch wages due as

aforefaid by did refs and fale of the offender’s goods* rendering the overplus to the owner; and for want of fuch fuffi-cient diftrefs to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or main prize . until lie, (he, or they fhall pay or give Satisfaction to the party for the fame.

VI.	And in regard it may be reafonable upon fome occa- On fcarcity (ions to alter the wages and hours of work aforefaid i be it 3 months, and fna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may °thcr cirtum* be lawful to and for the juilices of the peace of the county on^^lication pf the city of Dublin aforefaid at the general quarter feffiona, altered at fef-and they are hereby authorized and required, upon applica- dona, Ice. tion to be made to them for that purpofe, to take into their confideratiou the plenty or fcarcity of the time, provided fuch

fcarcity ha? continued for three months, and other circum-ftancea neceflary and proper to be confidered, and to alter the wages aforefaid, and to order and appoint what wages and allowances fhall be paid to journeymen taylor3 and fer-vants retained or employed, or to be retained or employed, in the art or myftery of a taylor as aforefaid, within the limits aforefaid, and (hall make fuch alterations therein from time to time, as fuch juftices at any fuch general feflions (hall think fit upon application to be made to them for that pur* pofe; and fuch juftices fhall within the fpace of feven days next after fuch general feflions caufe fuch rates and alterations from time to time to be printed, publifhed, and made known, in fuch manner as to them fhall feem meet, at the reafonable expence of any perfon or perfons defiriog the hune; and from and after publication thereof all taylor*,

and

yr ’

Digitized by v^ooQle

• Further wage* allowed for over work, jd. per hour ia general mourning, ad. other time*, See.

Departing Service before the time or work finifhed, as herein.

Giving ^rcat-^ er wages in money or other-wife, iool on i witnefs before 2 juftices in 3 months as herein.

fthe eleventh and twelfth Years of George III. and their journeymen and fervants, within the limits afore-faid after fuch knowledge or information of any fuch rates or alterations thereof to be made as aforefaid, are hereby ftrid-ly required to obferve the fame under the penalty of one hundred pounds to be forfeited, paid, and applied as afore-laid by every offender for every offence upon convi&ion before two juftices of peace in their refpe&ive jurifdi&ions upon the oath of one credible witnefs \ or in default of payment of fuch fine that it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftices to commit fuch offender to the common gaol without hail or mainprize for any time not exceeding fix months; provided that every profecution in this particular fhall be commenced within thirty days after the offence committed.

VII.	Provided always, That nothing in this ad (hall extend to controul or hinder the papng or receiving further or other wages or allowances (not exceeding three pence by the hour in times of general mourning, and two pence by the hour at any other times) which fhall be agreed upon for working before or after the limited hours, fo that fuch overwork be not any one time lefs than one hour, suid be actually and bona fide performed by fuch j ourneyman or feront.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon actually retained or employed as a journeyman taylor or fervant in the art or myftery of a taylor as aforefaid within the limits aforefaid, fhall at any time or times after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two, depart from his fervice before the end of the term or time, for which he is or fhall be hired or retained, or until the work, for which he was hired or retained, fhall be finifhed, or, not being retained or employed, fhall refufe to enter into work or employment after requeft made for that purpofe by any mafter taylor for the wages and hours limited or to be limited and appointed as aforefaid, unlefs it be for fome rtafonable or fufficient caufe to be allowed by two juftices of the peace within the jurifdi6tions aforefaid refpe&ively, who are hereby authorized and required to inquire into the fame, and to fummon fuch perfon before them ; then in every fuch cafe every perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully convifted as aforefaid, fhall pay a fine of ten pounds; one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the faid blue coat hofpital 5 or if unable to pay fuch fine fhall by fuch juftices be fent to the houfe of corre&ion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months.

IX.	And for the more effe&ual preventing the mifehiefs and inconveniencies which may happen by non-obfervation of this a&, or by feducing or inticing any of the journeymen taylors or fervants aforefaid from one matter to another, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any taylor or other perfon profeffing, ufing, or exercifing, the art or myf-

tcry

Other WAg*»

fie etpoenth end twelfth fedri tf George tit* tery of a taylor as aforefaid within the limits aforefaid, 6r kfiy other person aforefaid, fhafl at any time after the firft day of July, one thoufaod feverf hundred and Seventy two, give, allow, or pay any more or greater w^ges than as afore* laid for the hours of work aforefaid to any fervant or jour* neyman in money dr othCrwife contrary to the Intent of thia ■ aft, every perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully con-* vidted before two juft ices of the peace within the laid te-fpe&ive jurifdi&ions upon the oath of one or more credible •witnef9 within three months after the offence committed# fhall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds# one fyoiety whereof (hall be to the informer or profecutor# and the other moiety to the faid blue coat hofpital; and every fuch fervant or journeymen taking more or greater wages than ns aforefaid for the hours of work aforefaid# being thereof cpovi&ed as aforefaid, fhall pay a fine of ten pounds ; one njoiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the faid blue coat hofpital; or if unable to pay fuch fine fuch of* fenders refpe&ively fhall be fent to the houfe of corre&ion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months j and all retainers, pfomifes# obligations# or fccunties for any wages# pay, or allowances contrary to this ad, fhall be null and void*

X.	Provided always, 111 at this ad, or any thing therein Contained# fhall not extend to hinder the paying or receiving agreed on for any more or other wages or allowances, which fhall be agreed upon for working before or after the hours of work iimiCe4 jj. ' limited or appointed, or to be limited or appointed as afore- lowed. * laid.	>

XL Provided alfo, That it fhall and may be lawful for Appeal to Any perfon aggrieved by any order or orders# to be made by fefllons on 7 any two or more juftices of the peace aforefaid, to appeal to ^8 notice* the juftices of the peace afTembled at the next general quarter fefGons to be holden for the city of Dublin or county of Dublin refpedively, giving feven days notice of fuch appeal ;• and fuch juftices in fuch general quarter fefiions fhall finally hear and determine the matter# and fhall have power to award reafonable coils, not exceeding twenty fhilliags, to either party, as to them fhall feem jufL

XII.	Provided alfo# That any perfon convi&ed of any Ko other offence againlt this adt, and who fKall fuffer for the fame puniftunent. accordingly, fhall not be otherwife punlfhed or fuffer for fuch offence by authority of any law now in force*

XIII* And be it further enadted by the authority afore- ± juftices laid, That any two juftices of the peace for the county of on oath of the faid city or county ofDublin refpedtivcly may# and they rc^°^°/u^ are hereby required, on information on oath made before wages paid, them that there is reafon to fufpedt# that any perfon ufing (haflfummon # or following the bufinefs of a maftcr or journeyman taylor anyt0 £ive evt-YouVr	<^q	witbia	dene*» ***

Digitized by L.00Q le

PrOVlflOIW againft combi-oationi not invalidated,

a pubiick ad,

general iflue pleaded, ice.

Shipwright*,

all clatifes at to journeymen taylon>, as herein.

Work hours for tbmwrights from h to 6, favo lor dinner ondbreak&ft,

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. within the refpeftive jurifdi&ions aforefaid hath given, paid, allowed, or received greater wages or allowances than as aforefaid, at the requeft of fuch informant to iffue their fum-mons requiring any perfon or perfons whatfoever, whole attendance fuch informant (hall think neceffary for giving evidence in the premises, to attend; and if any perfon fum-raoned (hall not attend, and proof be made of the ferrice of fuch fummons either perfonally or by leaving the fame at the laft or ufual place of abode of fuch perfon, the faid juf-tices are hereby authorized and required ( unlefe a neafonable and fatisfadory excufe be made for fuch non attendance) to iflue their warrant for apprehending and bringing fuch perfou before them, or fome other two or more juftices ; and if any perfon fo attending or brought before them (hall refnfe to be examined or give teftimony, they (hall commit him or her to the houfe of correfHon, until he or (he (hall fubmit; pro* vided fuch perfon (hall not be obliged to give evidence, which may tend to criminate himfdf.

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this a& (hall invalidate any of the provifions made againfl combinations amongft rnanufa&urers by any of the laws now in force, (fave as aforefaid) and that this a & may be allowed to be a pubiick a& in all courts, and all judges and jultice6 are to take notice thereof as fuch without fpecially pleading the fame ; and that if any perfon (hall be fued for ailing under the authority of this a&, fuch perfon may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence*

XV.	Whereas the journeymen (hipwrights in and about the city of Dublin have like wife lately departed their fern-ces without juft caufe, and have entered into combinations to advance their wages to unreasonable prices, and leffgn their ufual hours of work, by means whereof the bufinefs ufually done in this city ha3 been by fuch illegal and refractory proceedings removed to parts beyond the fea. to the manifeft injury of the trade and commerce of the faid city: for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every claufe herein contained, fo far as the fame relates to the journeymen taylors of the city of Dublin, fave only as to the hour$ of work and rates of wages, (hall be of the fame force and effe& with refpefl to the (hip-wrights of the city of Dublin,

XVI.	And for declaring, limitting, and appointing the hours of work and rates of wages for journeymen (hip-weights, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after tbfe'firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two, the hours of work for all journeymen (hip-wrights and fervants employed,‘ or to be employed, or retained as Oupwrights, (hall be from fix p’cbek in the morning

Digitized by v^ooQle

The eleventh and twelfth Tears of George III. iftg until fix o'clock, in the afternoon excepting only that «they fhall be allowed one hour for dinner and half an hour for breakfaft in the time aforefaid, without elleeming a tide's work only a day's work, when they grave or coat a veflcl; and for the faid time or hours of work aforefaid there fhall be paid unto every journeyman fhipwright, or other perfon employed or to be employed or retained as a journeyman fhipwright, for his work during the hours aforefaid, the wages and fums follow ing, according to the /kill and abilities qf fuch journeyman, any fum not lefs than tw'O^ fhillings and not exceeding tw'o fhillings and fix pence aday, with the like powers, fefervations, and penalties, both as to mailer and journeyman, in the foregoing atl mentioned for enforcing the fame.

XVII.	Be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That any fhipwright quitting his work unfinifhed, unlefs obliged try ficknefs or fome other fatality, without the licence of his employer firfl had, fhall forfeit the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered in the manner herein before mentioned.

wages not under 2* nor ahove 2$. and 6d. a day,

id. on quitting work unfinifhed, unlefs ficknck, &c.

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Act for the remitting of Pnfoners with their Indiffments ly the Juflices of his Majejly's Court of King's Bench to the ' Places where the Crimes were committed.

WHEREAS perfons, in lifted for high treafon and Enlarged and felony, may remove as wrell their bodies as their in- amended by dt&ments into the court of King's bench, if that court fhall 21 ami 22 G* 3* think fit, and cannot by order of law be remitted or fent c‘ prjfoncrs an(j dowm to the juflices of gaol delivery or of the peace, orother Indictments re-juftices or commifliontrs, to proceed upon them : he it there- moved u h$rc-fore ena&ed by the King's molt excellent Majelly, by and m* with the advice aud confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by ,the authority of the fame, That in every fuch cafe the juflicea of the King's bench fhall have full authority and power by their diferetion* to remand and fend down as wrell the bodies of all fuch perfons as their indictments into the counties, where the faid high treafon or felony are or fhall be charged in faid in$£lnofcnts. to be committed or done, and to command all jullices of gaol delivery, juflices of the peace, aud all other juflices and commiflioners of oyer and terminer, and every of them, to proceed and determine upon all the aforefaid bodies and indi&ments fo removed after the courfe of the common law, in fuch manner as the fame juf-tices of gaol delivery, juflices of the peace, and other com-miilianers, or any of them might or fhould have done, if the 4	laid

A. D-

\ni-i.

The eleventh and twelfth Yean of George III.

{aid prifpners or indi&ments had never been brought uitfr the laid King’s bench.

CHAP* XXXV-

An Act to embower Agmondijham Vefey Efquire, to enctoje that Part of the old Road which lies on the IVeJl' Side of the little River called the Griffin, upon laying out fuch other Road, at in this Ad Is mentioned.

old fosd \\ 7HEREAS a new bridge has been built at the ex* c flopped VV pence of the county- of Dublin over the fiver Liffey,

tiew road undertaken is fni&od.

Th e<

•nay be (lopped, * - ,	.	*	.

as iooii as the near the village of Lucan : and whereas Agmondiiharn Vefey efquire, has confented and undertaken, that the road fromt the faid new bridge (hall be carried without any expence to the county through his eftate, in a (Ireight line from the faid bridge to Thomas Lynch’s houfe, where it will interfed the turnpike road, which will be confiderably (hortened thereby: be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice apd confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That as foon as the faid new road (hall be finifhed, it (hall and may be. lawful to and for the faid Agmondiiharn Vefey to ftop and inclofe that part of the old road which lies on the weft fide of the little river, called the Griffin.

II. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That this a& (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick a&, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever without fpc*. cially pleading the lame.

A

publick

FINIS

