S T A T U T E S

PASSED IN THE

PARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

ELAND.

CONTAINING

From the Twenty-ninth Year of George III. A. D. 1789, to the Thirty-third Year of George III. A. D. 1793* in-clufive.

Printed by

*

%

D % a - L I Ni

t,

GEORG^bRIERSON, Printer to the King's

Moft E^llent Majefty. 17991

PRINTED AN*

PUBLISHED IN

* GREAT BRITAIN

CONTENTS

OF THE

v

NINTH VOLUME.

The Twenty-ninth Ye*r «f GEORGE IIL

CHAP. XXIII.

An AS for amending the Laws for improving and repairing the

An AS for rendering more djfeflMal two feveral ASs, one paffed in the Twentyfixth Tear of His Majefl/s Feign, entitled, An AS for making, widening, and repairing the Hoad leading from the City of Dublin to Mcilahide, and # for eteSing Turnpike Gates, and receiving Tolls thereout, in Aid of the Barony Preferments, and for appointing Trujlees for carrying the fa id Purpofes into Execution, and the other AS paffed in the Twenty-eighth Tear of His Majeftfs Reign, entitled. An AS for extending to the Roads leading from Dublin, through Raheny and Clontarf, the Provisions of an AS paffed’ in the Twenty-fix th Tear of His rnajcfly's Reign, entitled. An Act for making, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Dublin to Mai abide-, and for erecting Turnpike Gates, and receiving Tolls I hereout in Aid of the Barony Preferments, and for' appointing Trufteet for carrying thefaid Purpofes into Execution* and alfo fcr continuing thefaid Act.	9

Turnpike Readfrom Dublin to Dunleer*

Page 1

CHAP. XXIV.

CHAP

CONTENTS,

CHAP. XXVI.

An Ad for the better enforcing the Payment of the Firft Fruits, chargeable on the Clergy of this Kingdom.	Page	20

CHAP. XXVII.

An Ad for the better providing for the Repairs of Churches and the Re/idence of the Clergy•	24

CHAP XXVIII.

An A St to amend an A Si paffed in the Twenty fevent h Tear of His Majejiy's Reign, intitled. An ASt for the better Col-led ion of His Majcfty's Revenue arifeng from Forfeited Recognizances, and to extend the Provifons thereof.	2	6

CHAP. XXX.

An ASt for preventing the Commiffion of Waft on the fever al Commons in this Kingdom.	31

CHAP. XXXI.

An Aft for the more ejfeSlual Support of the Linen Manufacture in the feveral Counties bordering on Loughneagh, by making a Communication between 'the faid Lough, and the Collieries at Drumglafs in the County of Tyrone.	33

CHAP. XXXIII.

An ASt for the Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation'	34

CHAP.

* igitized by

Google

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXXIV.

jin A3 for granting the Sum of Four Thoufand Pounds to the Truflees of the Linen Manufacture, and for other Pur-pofes.	Page	44

CHAP. XXXIX.

•jin A3for amending an Ad, entitled, An Ad for enabling certain Per fans to carry on and compleat the Grand Canal. 46

CHAP. XL,

An A3for continuing certain Temporary Statutes•	5	8

CHAP. XLII.

An Ad for the better fupplying the Inhabitants of certain Cities and Towns with Water.	'	59



The Thirtieth Year of GEORGE III.

C H A P. IX. *

An dll to enable Grand Juries to prefent for Coroners as therein mentioned, inftead of the Sums which they are now by Law empowered to prefent.	61

CHAP. XIX.

An Ad for further amending an Aft, Entitled, An At1 fo+ continuing and amending an Aft pa fed in the Twenty fecond Tear of His prefent Majefty's Reign, Entitled, An A£t for the lmpro vcm:nt of the City of Dublin, by making wide and convenient Paffages through the fame, and for regulating the Coal Trade thereof, and for other Pur-pofes.

CHAPj

Digitized by v^.ooQle

X

CONTENT*.

CHAP. XX.

An A3 for the better enabling the Royal Canal Con:fatty to carry on and complect the Royal Canal f om the City cf Dublin to Tarmonbury on the River Shannon.	Page	7*

CHAP. XXIII.

An AS to repeal certain Claufet in cn AS faffed in the Seventeenth and Eiifh esntk Fears of his MajeJly's Reign% Entitled, At Ad 40 exclude traders from the Benefit of an 4dy Entitled, An A t to pre vent Frauds committed by Bankrupts, who do not hep regular Books of Account, and for continuing the faid La-w, and other Purpofcs.	83

CHAP. XXV.

A*i Acf to amend an Ad, Entitled, An A3 for promoting the Improvement of Porte and Harbours in this Kingdom.	‘	84

CHAP. xxvi.

An AS for granting the Sum of Four Thoufand Pounds to the TrnJIees of the Linen Manufacture, andfor other Purfefes. 88

CHAP. XXIX.

^ /• Ap A3 to explain and amend an Ad faffed in the Fourteenth. and Fifteenth Tears of the Reign of King Charles the Second, Entitled, An A3 for taking away the Court of V/arM and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service ; and alfo an A3 faffed in the Twenty-fir ft and Twentyfecond Tears of His f ref cut MajcJly's Reign, Entitled, An A3 to allow Perfons prof effing the Popifh Religion, to teach School in this Kingdom, and for regulating the Education of Pafifis, and alfo to repeal Part of certain Laws relative to the Cuardianjbip of their. Children.	8<^

e tt a

I

CONTENT?.

CHAP. XXX.

An Aa to amend an A$ patted in the Twenty-Third and Twenty-Fourth Tears of His Majcfy's Reign, Entitled, An Ah for regulating the Corn Trade, promoting Agriculture, and providing a regular and Jleady Supply of Com in the Kingdom.	Page	91

CHAP. XXX!l.

✓

An A3 for building a Bridge over the River Loughfoyle, at the City of Londonderry, and the Suburbs thereof, and for eertain Regulations relative to faid City.	101

CHAP. XXXII.

An A& for rendering the Tranjportation of Felons and Va~ gabonds more eajy.	133

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Aft for enabling Truflees of Charitable Foundations to promote the Purpofes and extend the Benefit of the fame.	133

CHAP. XXXVII.

An A3 to explain and amend an A& paffed in the Twenty-ninth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majejly, Entitled, An SM for the Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation.	136

CHAP. XXXVIIL

An Aft to repeal an AS paffed in the Twenty-fifth Tear j|f the Reign of HU late Majefy King George tlse

Secondy

Digitized by v^ooQle

CONTENTS..

Second, Entitled, An A3 for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Clonrnell in the County of Tippetary9 through the Towns of Feat hard and Killinall in the faid County, to the Town of Hurlingford in the County of Kilkenny.	Page	13#

CHAP. XXXIX.

An A3 for the Improvement of the Port and Harlour of Drogheda, and the better Regulation of the Police of faid Town.	139

CHAP. XL.

An A3 to explain and amend an Aft pa fed in the Twenty-ninth Tear of his M.fcfy's Reign, Entitled, An Aft for the Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation, fofar only as refpefts the Navigation if the Boyne. hs

CHAP. XLI.

An Aft for enabling the Lord High Chancellor, and the Court of Exchequer refpeftively, to make Orders on the Governor and Company of the Bank <f Ireland for Payment, out of the general Fund of Atonies belonging to*the Suitors of the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, the Sum therein mentioned, towards building the principal Courts of Jufiice at Dublin, and I*aw Offices, and for amending an Aft, Entitled, An Aft fbr better fecuring the Monies and Effefts of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery and Court of Exchequer, by depofting the fame in the National Bank, and to, prevent the forging and counterfeiting any Draft, Order, or other Voucher, for the Payment or Delivery of fuch Money or Effefts, and for other Pur-pfes.	153

CHAP.

Digitized by

Google

CONTENTS. CHAP. XLII.

An A3 for extending the Powers of the Corporation for paving* cleanfng, and lighting the Streets of Dublin, and (o enable the faid Corporation to build a Bridge acrofs the River Anna Lijfey, at ljland Bridge.	Page	15 7

CHAP. XLIII.

An An for the more effectual Application of the Sum of One Thoufand Pounds, granted by King's Letter, for the Support and Repair of the Cathedral Cbttrcb of Down, and jor defraying the Expences of the Celebration of Divine IVorjhip therein.	16	f

CHAP. XI,IV.

An At7 for the Amendment of the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Kilkenny to the town of Clonmel!, and thence to the Bounds of the County of Cork, and to provide for the better Repair of the faid Road\	170

CHAP. XLV. • "

An A3 for reviving and continuing feveral Temporary Statutes.	1	92

CHAP. XLVI.

Art AS for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from Kinnegad to Athlone.	193

CHAP. XLVI1.

An A el for continuing and amending the fveral A Sis for making* widening, and repairing fo much of the •Road leading - from the City of Limerick to the City of Cork, as lits

within

- ~*»Engftizei

Google - -

CONTENTS,

within the County or County of the City of Cork, that is to fay, from the Bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, bet zi'eett the t o<wns of Kilma-io:k and Charleville to the City of Cork, und to continue an Aft pajfed in the 7* joenty-gighth Tsar of his prefcnt Majefly, Entitled, An Act to continue and amend an Act pafj'ed in the Fifth Tear of his late M I, rjly s Rjig.n, Entitled, An Adi for repairing the Roaa leading from the Town of Newcaftle, in the County of Limerick, to the City of Limerick, andfrom the net to thf City of Cork.	Page	125

The Thirty-firft Year of GEORGE III. C H A P. XI.

An AS to enable the Grand Juries of the County of Dublin, and the County of the City of Dublin, to make better Prove-fon for the Clerks of th Crown and Peace by Preferment at each Quarter Seflions for feud County and City.	233

CHAP. XIV.

An AS for amending the Laws refpeSing the Linen and Hempen Manufa&urc*•	234

CHAP. XVII.

An AS to prevent the horrid Crime of Murder, and to re-peal an AS pajfed in the Tenth Tear of King Henry the Seventh, Entitled, An S to make Murder oj Malice pre~ penfed Treafon, and for repeating an AS made in the Ninth Tear cf Queen Anne, Entitled, An AS for bringing an Appeal in Cafe of Murder, notwithjlanding the Statute of fCng Henry the Seventh, whereby Murder is made High Treafon*	235

CHAP*

Digitize

Google

m

CONTENTS.

,CHAP. XV1IJ.

jtn A3 tq render Projections for Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, /nore //i/y ejfir8ual, and for efffirming the JurifdiQion of the Quarter Sejftons in Cafes of Perjury.

Page 239

CHAP. XIX.

An A3 to amend an Ad poffid in the Eleventh and ‘Twelfth Tears of His prefent Majejly, Entitled, An . 8 for rendering more effedual the feveral Laws for the better enab&stg the Clergy having Cure of Souls to refide upon their Bern-fees, and to build on their refpeQive Glebe Lands, and to prevent Dilapidations, and for the Encouragement of Pro-tejlant Schools within this Kingdom of Ireland, and alfo to amend an 8 pajfed in the\ Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His prefent Majejly, Entitled, An A3 to amend am /Iff pajfed in the Eighth Yeaju of His prefent Majffly, Entitled, Ain A3 for crcBing new Chapjs of Eafe tn the Parijb of Armagh, and making ftich Chapels, and thoft that are already ere8ed in faid Parijh, perpetual Cures, and for making a proper Provifion for the Maintenance of perpetual Curates to officiate in the famcy and for other Pur-fofes.	241

CHAP. XXII.

/tn Aff to extend the Provifions of an /8 pajfed in the Twtu-tyfhfl and Twenty fecond Tears of His Majejly9s Reign, Entitled, An si8 for efiablifbing a Bank by the Name of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland* 249

CHAP,. XXIIE

An A3 to amend an A3, Entitled, An A3 to prevent the PraSice of feducing Artificers and Manufusurers of this Kingdom, and of exporting the feveral Tools and Utcnfila made Ufe of in preparing and working UP the ManufaQures thereof, into farts beyond the Seas.	254

CHAP.

* ^ Digitized by

Google

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXIV.

An AS for continuing an AS pajfcd in the Tenth Tear of King George the Firfl, Entitled, An AS for continuing and amending of the Laws in Relation to Butter and Tallow, and the Cafks in which fuch Goods are to be made up, and in Relation to the curing of Hides, and making up Beef and Pork for Exportation, and for the preventing the Definition of Salmon.	'	.	Page	256

CHAP. XXV.

An AS to difcharge fuch Recognizances entered into for the Appearance and Profecution of Offenders, as were forfeited before the Eighteenth Day of January, in the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, and for more effectually executing the Creen IVax Procefs.	258

chap: xxvii.

An AS to amend an AS pajfcd in the Third Tear of His prefer t Majejly, Entitled, An AS to prevent Frauds in the Tanning of Hides, Currying of Leather, and the making of Shoes and Boots.	26a

CHAP. XXX.

An At for explaining and amending an AS, Entitled, An AO for enlarging the Time for T rials by Nifi Prius in the City of Dublin, and County of Dublin.	264

C II A P.^ XXXI.

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXXII.

An AS to prevent Vexatious Arrejls and Proceedings in Actions of Slander.	Page	267

CHAP. XXXIV.

An A8 for the more effeSually preferring the Health of His Majfly's SubjcBs, for ereBing an Apothecary's Halt in the City of Dublin, and regulating the Profejfion of an Apothecary throughout the Kingdom of Ireland.	268

CHAP. XXXV.

An A8 to explain and amend an A3, Entitled, An A3 for eftabfi/bing a complete School of Phyftc in this Kingdom.

283 '

CHAP. XXXVI.

An AS to amend and confolidate the feveral A3s relating to the Trials of Controverted EleSions, or Returns of Members to ferve in Parliament.	285

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An AS to amend an A3, Entitled, An A3 for preventing the Commiffion of Wafle, in the feveral Commons of this Kingdom.	3c	I

CHAP. XXXIX.

An AS for the better enabling certain Perfons to open and work Mines, and to raife Coal} Culm> Minerals 9 and FoJJils in this Kingdom.	3°3

j	CHAP.

Digitized by (^.ooQle



CONT.ENTS. CHAP. XL.

A A3 fir the Prefervation of Shrubs and Trees. Page 314

CHAP. XLII.

dm A3 fir dircBing the further duplication of the Sum of Tmm Hundred Thoufand Pounds, granted by an A3pajfed sm the Twenty-ninth Tear of His prefent Majcfty, Entitled, Am AB for the Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation.	31$

CHAP. xuir.

A A3 to prohibit Horfe Races in the Neighbourhood of the Ckyaf Dublin•	-	329

CHAP XLIV.

Am AB fir reviving and continuing fevered temporary Statutes.	321

CHAP. XLV.

A A3 fir eseelofng and improving Merrion-Square, in the City tf Dublin.	323

CHAP. XLVI.

Am AB fir fettling and preferving a Public Obfervatory and Mmfnsm m the City of Armagh, for ever.	33a

3	CHAP.

'Digitized by t^ooQle

CONTENTS-

CHAP. XLVII.

An Ad to enable the federal Grand Juries within the Province of Munfier, at their Affixes, to prefent competent Sums of Money for the Repair of Track-ways along navigable Rivers within their reffedivc Counties, and alfo to enable the Grand Jury of the County of Kildare, to encreafe the Salary of the County Trcafurer•	. Page 33	S

CHAP. XLVIII.

Ah Aa for the Drvifon of certain Baronies of great Extent in the Counties of Donegal and Meath.	33)

CHAP. XLIX.

An AQ to amend an Aa for improving them Turnpike Road leading from Kinnegad to Athletic.	341

CHAP. X-

An Aa for amending the feveral Laws for making, widening, and repairing the Road from Dublin to Malahide, and the other Roads leading to Dublin over Bally bough-Bridge, in the feud AOs mentioned, and for enabling the Trufleet for the fend Purpofes, to borrow further Sums of Money for fucb Purpofes, and for continuing the faid Ads for a fur-ther Term, and for inp roving the neighbourhood of Bally-hough-Bridge. . 7	341

The

CONTENTS.

The Thirty-fecond Year of GEORGE IIL CHAP. XII.

An Ad to explain the Trujl: for which certain Redories Impropriate, and Tithes forfeited, by Reafon of the Rebellion in this Kingdom, in the Tear One thoufand fix hundred and eighty-eight, were conveyed to certain Trufees nominated by the fevered Bijhops in whofe Diocefes fuch Redories Impropriate, and Tithes are ftuated.	Page	355

CHAP. XIII.

An Ad to explain and amend an Ad pajfed in the Twenty-ninth Tear of His Majefy's Reign, Entitled, An Ad for the Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation, fo far only as refpeds the Navigation from Belturbet, by Lough-Erne to the Sea, and to confitute certain Perfons therein named, a Corporation for the Purpofe of carrying on and completing faid Navigation.	358

CHAP. XIV.

An Ad for granting the Sum of Five Thoufand Pounds to the DubLn Society, for the Purpofes therein mentioned* 361

C H A P. XV.

An Ad to explain and amend certain Loews relative to Inland Navigations of this Kingdom,	362

CHAP.

Digitized by v^ooQle

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XVI.

An A3 for regulating the Office of Conftable, and for better enforcing the Procefs of the criminal Law in certain Parts of this Kingdom.	Page 3	C6

CHAP. XVIII.

An A3 fat confirming the Powers of tie Society of King*s time, Dublin, and to repeal an AS, entitled. An AS to regulate the Admiffion of Barrifers qt Law.	370

C H A P. XXIII.

Am AS for the further Encouragement+f the Fi/heries on the Godfis of this Kingdom.	37X

CHAP. XXIV.

An A3 for the better enabling certain Perfons to open and wort Mines, and to raife Coal, Culm, Minerals and Foffils in this Kingdom, and to open and improve the Harbour of	(

Arklow, in the County of Wicklow, and to form a Canal from the faid Harbour of Arklow, to the Meetings Bridge, and to extend the fame towards the Kilkenny Collieries, and the Glenmanvr Mines.	372

Vpl. IX.	b	CHAP.

digitized

Google-

CONTENTS,

CHAP. XXV.

An AH to explain, amend, and render more eJFeQudl an AH pajfed in the Twenty Jeventh Tear of His Majefty's Reign, entitled, An AH for the better CollcBion of His 'Majefy's Revenue arijing from Forfeited Recognizances, as alfo an Ah pajfed in the Twenty-ninth Tear of His Majejty's Reign, entitled. An AH to amend an AH pajfed in the Twenty-feventh Tear of His Majejly’s Reign, entitled. An AH for the better Colie Sion of His Majejly's Revenue arijing from Forfeited Recognizances, and to extend the Provijtons thereof and for enlarging the Time for John Howard Kyan, Efquire, to account purfuant to bis Recognizance- Page 376

An AH for cnahTing the Royal Canal Company, to make Docks on the North Side of the River Ltffcy, under certain Con-

CHAP. XXVI.

ditions,

380

CHAP. XXVII.

AH f r the employing at hard Labour, Per font fcnltnced to

be tranfported.

38 5

3

CHAP.

-T11	—

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXIXv

An Adt to prevent Abufes in the Col led ion of Tolls. Page 38 6

CHAP. XXX,

An Ad for improving and beeping in Repair the Pojl Roads of this Kingdom.	3$7

CHAP. XXXI.

An Ad to empower His Majfty to grant Licenfes to alien Lands in Mortmain.	399

CHAP. XXX1L

' An AS to enable Aliens born out of the Allegiance of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeftors, to take Lands, Tens* ments9 and Hereditaments ik this Kingdom, by Way of Mortgage,fitly eS to certain Reft r 1 Sion s.	399

CHAP. XXXIV.

An AS to explain and amend an AS made in this Kingdom, ' in the Eighth Tear of the Reign of King George the Firftf Entitled, An AS for the fupplying a DefeS in 09 Afi pa fid b 2	in

Digitized by LiOOQle

CONTENTS.

in the fecond Tear of the Reign of her late Majefty jf|ueese Anne, Entitled* An A8 for the Exchange of Glebes belong-ih% to Churches in this Kingdom.'	Page	40a

C H A~P. XXXV.

»

An A& for repairing and preferring the Walls of the River Anna Ltffey, in the City of I) ublin, and for amending art Ad puffed in the Twenty -fixth Tear of His Majefty9s Reign, Entitled, An Ad for promoting the Trade of DMin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious.	466

ciiAp. xxxvi.

An AB id	atnend an	AS made Thirtieth	Year of	Hit

' prefent Mai fly 9 Entitled, An A8 fdr improving and repairing the Turnpike-Road leading from Ktnnegad to Athlonc.,	447

CHAP. XXXVIli

An Ad for endbliftg the, Trufets for making, widening, and repairing the rbadfrom Dublin to Malabtde, and the other Roads leading DubTin over Ballybough-Bridge, purfuant to federal Ads of Parliament, more effcQually to carry the faid Ads into Execution.	448

* CHAP. XXXIX.

An Ad to explain and amend the feveral Law for repairing and amen ling Turnpike Road leading from Kilkenny to Ckghten.	451

CHAR

CONTENTS.

CHA^. XL.

An AS for reviving and continuing certain Temporary Statutes.

Pagc47l

CHAP. XLL

An Aftfor tie RcTief of the Creditors of Robert Brqojt late of f*r offerous> in the County of Kildare, £Jquire.	472

The Thirty-tjurd Year of GEORGE III.

C H A JP. I.

jin A8 for eftabli/hing Regulations reJpeBing Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or refident therein, in certain Cafes, and SnbjeSs of this Kingdom> who have ferved or areferving in Foreign Armies.	475

CHAP. III.

Ail AS for indemnifying fuck Perfons as have aQed for the Service of the Public, in advifing or carrying into Execution Three feveral Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of this Kingdomf bearing Date the Tnventy-fixtk Day

Digitized by

Google

CONTENTS.

of December, One tboufand jeven hundred and ninety-tooo, and the Seventeenth Day of January» One tboufand feven hundred and ninety-three reJfeOively, and for ejlabli/bing certain Bondi therein mentioned.	Page	492

chap. yi.

jin Jf8 for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback^ and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar.	49$

pHAP. X.

An A8 for confirming, amendingf and enlarging the Powers vefied in the Corporation for promoting and carrying on the Ntwry Navigation.	501

CHAP. XII.

An A& for granting the Sum of Four Tboufand Pounds to the Truftees of the Linen and Hempen ItydnufiaClwres, and for other Purpofes.

CHAP. XIII.

An ASi for granting the Sum of Five Tboufand Pounds to the Dublin Society, for the Purpofes therein mentioned.

515

PHAP,

CONTENTS,

CHAP. XVIIf.

Hn A3 to prevent Infuronce of Lottery Tickets, to regulate the Drawing of Lotteries% and to amend the Laws reffetiing the fame*	Page	517

CHAP. XIX.

yf* for repairing the R)ad leading from the Town ofCaft /lecomer, in the County of Kilkenny, to the City if Kilkenny.	539

CHAP. XX*

da for continuing and amending the fevered Ads, for making, widening, and repairing the road leading from the Town of Newcajlle, m the County of Limerick, to the City of Limerick, and from thtnee to the Bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the Towns of Killmallock and Charlev'dlcf and to continue an Ad faffed in the Twenty• i eighth Tear of Hie prefer# Majefty, Entitled, Aa Ad to continue and amend an Ad faffed in the Fifth Tear} of His late Majefly’s Reign, Entitled, An Ad for repairing she Road leading from the Town of Newcqflle in the County of Limerick, to the City of Limerick, and from thence to the City of Cork.	544

c H A P. XXIw.

v An Ad for the Relief tf His Majeftys Pofijh, or

Catholic Suhjetfs of Ireland*	56$

C H A.P-

Digitized by v^.ooQle

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXII.

Am A3 for attending, and reducing into one A3 of Parliament, the Lanut relating to the Militia in Ireland, Page 572

CHAP. 3^X111.

An A3 for the Encouragement of Seamen and Marines employed in the Royal Navy, by rendering it more eafy to Petty, Officers and Seamen, Non-cowtmiffioned Officers of Marinesy and Marines, to remit their Wages to tSu Kingdom, and by providing for the Payment in this Kingdom, of Wages due to deccafed Officers? Seamen and Marines9 as aforefatf. 62 5

CHAP. XXIV.

An AS for the Relief of Perfons carrying on the Baking Trade in the City of Dublin.	*	64	7

CHAP. XXV.

An A8 to encourage the Improvement of Barren Land. 64ft

CHAP.

CONTENTS-

CHAP. XXVJ.

An AS for further attending the federal Laws for malting* wU dening* and repairing the Road from Dublin to Malahide* and the other Roads leading to DubUn over Bally bough-Bridge* and for enabling the Lrufees for the faid Pur popes* to borrow a further Sum to complete a JUtyt Communication paftivard of Bally bough-bridge.	Page	6fO

CHAP. XXVJt

ji* AS for confirming and ejabhjbing certain Articles of Agree* ment made between the Truflees named and appointed by the left Will and *1*foment of Richard Morgan* late of New* taftle* *n the County of Dublin* Efqmre* deceafed* and John Godley * of the City of Dublin* JEfquire* the Nephew and Heir at Law of the feud Richard Morgan* concerning the reed and perfonal Eftates whereof the Jaid Richard Mor* gem diedftimed andpojfejfed* andfor other Purpofes.	<55

CHAP. XXIX.

An A8 to prevent the EleSton or Appointment of unlawful Af femblies* under Pretence of preparing or prefenting pubhe Petitions* qr other Addrcjjes to His Mqjefty* or the Par* hpment. ,	666

CH AP?

Digitized by

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXX.

An A3 more eJfeBually to prevent, during the prefent War between Great Britain and France, all traitorous Correspondence withy or Aidy or AJJtflance being given to His Ma-jefy’s Enemiesy	Page	668

CHAP. XXXI.

An AS for regulating the Trade ef Ireland, to andfrom the Eafi Indies y under certain Conditions and Provifionsy for a Time therein mentioned*	673

CHAP. XXXII.

n AB to explain and reduce into One ABy the federal Laws for makingy repairing9 or amending the Turnpike Roads leading from the Town of Naasy to the Towns of Maryborough and Bally roan y from the faid Town of Maryborough, to the City of Limericky and from the Town ef Nenaghy to O’Brien’s Bridge.	693

CHAP. XXXIV.

An AB for the Support of the Honour and Dignity of His Ma-jfly’s Crown in Irelandx and for granting to His Majejly a

Civil

Digitized by v^.ooQle

c O N T E N 'T S.

Civil JLifl FfiabUfhment, under certain Provifions and Regulations.	Page	72I

CHAP. XXXV.

An Afl for the better Regulation of the Marjhcdfea of the Four Courts in Dublin•	73^

c p a p. xxxviij,

jin A3 for giving hlelirf *** Proceedings upon Writs ^/’Mandamus, for the Admi/fion of Freemen into Corporations.

736

CHAP. XL.

An A3 to prevent the exceflive Price of Coals in the City of Dubfin, and for encouraging the Storing thereof 73#

CHAP. XL I.

An A3 for fecurmg the Freedom and Independence of the Houfe of Commons, by excluding therefrom Perfons holding any Of fees under the Crown, to be hereafter created, or holding

certain

Digitized by v^.ooQle

CONTENTS.

certain Offices therein enumerated', or Penfions for Terms of Tears* or during His Majejly's Rleafure,	Page	746

CHAP. XLII.

An ASfir the Relief of Infolvent Debtors, in Regard to the fjnpnfnnment qf their Pep fans.	*745

CHAP. XLH I.

An As $q remove Doubts refpeSmg the FunSions of Juries in Cafes of Libel.	* fa

CHAP. XLIV.

An AS to repeal fo much of an AS faffed in the Thirtyfecond Tear of His Majfffy, Entitled, An AS for confirming the Powers of the Society of King's* Inns, Dublin, and to repeal an AS, Entitled, An AS to regulate the Admiffion of fiarrtfiesrs at Law, as confirms the Charter of the find Society.	75a

CHAP. XLY.

V	An	AS	fir	the	THal	of	Treafon committed out of the King's

Dominions.	-	751

CHAP.

/

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XL VI.

Ah AS to amend and explain an Aft faffed in tie Thirty fecond TTtar of His prefent Majejty*s Reign% Entitled* An AS for improving and keeping in repair the Pojl Roadi of this Kingdom.	Page 75	J

CHAP. XLVII.

An AS for the further regulating the Pride at whieh Coah Jball be purchafed9 for the Supply of the Public Coat Torch in the City of Cork, and Jold out of the fame.	753

CHAP* XLVIIL

jfii AS to explain and amend an AS pajfed irt the lajl Seffton of Parliament, Entitled, An Act to explain the Trufts for 4which certain ReSoriet Impropriate, and Tithe; forfeited by Reafon of the Rebellion in this Kingd.n, in the fear One v thoufandfix hundred and eighty-eighty were conveyed to cer. tain Trujlees nominated by the feveral Bfhops in whfe Diocefes fuch Re dor us Impropriate and Tithes are flu* a ted*	75$

CHAP. XLIX.

Ah AS for re-vtfing in His Majefy the Efaies forfeited in One thoufand fee hundred and *ighfy~eight, yet remaining unfold*	7^6

C H A

Digitized by CjOOQle

CONTENTS.

chap, l:

Am AS for the Encouragement of the Fijherics in this Kingdom > and for continuing certain Adi refpeSing the fame. Page 758

CHAP. LL

Ida AS to remove fome Doubts refpeSing Perfons in Office taking the Sacramental Te/L	759

CHAP. LIII.

An AS jor moling and conflituting a new Parijb, by the name of the Parijb of Saint George, on the ground adjoining the City of Dublin therein deferibedy and for ereSing and building e Parijb Church therein.	761

CHAP. LIV.

An AS for amending an AS> Entitled, An AS for repairing and preferring the Walls of the River Anna Lsffejy in the City of Dublin, and for amending an AS paffed in the Twenty fixth Tear of His Majefly*s Reign, Entitled, an AS for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more Commodious.	768

CHAP.

content*.

CHAP. LVL

An	A8 refttSmg the CoIUSum to It Med

m the County of the City <f Dublin, by Prefentment.

Page 77

A eoi;

I

Digitized by boogie

9

A

C COLLECTION

OF

STATUTES,®:.

The Twenty-ninth Year of GEORGE III

CHAP. xxm.

An Ait far amending the Laws for improving and refairUg the Turnpike Roadfi'om Dublin to Dunlcer.

WHEREAS by an aff patted in the laft feffion of parliament9 entitled^ An ait to amend an a8 faffed in the Iqft feffion of parliament for improving and repairing the turnpike road from Dublin to Dunleer, it was ena&cd, That any three or more of the dire&ors therein mentioned, /half and may, and are thereby empowered from time to time at occafion IhaH require, to raife and borrow fuch fum and fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of three thou (and pounds, as they /hall judge neceflary to be* expended towards, fhortening the /aid road and repairing all or any part of the faid road, and towards defraying the other expences to be incurred by the faid and that for atU fuch fums fo to be borrowed, debentures entitling the bearers to the amount of the fums therein fpccified, figned by and fealed with the feals of three or more of^th^ hid diredfors /hall be given by them, and that fuch deben, tunes fhaH bear fuch inteTcft from the date thereof as *halE be agreed upon between the faid dve&ora* the lendcr VOL. IX*	A	W

A. i>.

Recital of aS G. 5. c.

14. f 12,

- — Digitized by CjOO^Ic

*

The twenty-ninth Year of George Il(.

or lenders, not exceeding the rate of fix pounds by thej hundred by the year, and that for fuch fum fo to be borrowed by the laid directors as aforefaid, there (hall be paid by the treafurer for the time being, on every firft day of May, and firft day of November, after the refpefUve dates of fuch debentures to the holders thereof, fuch intereft as ihall be fo agreed upon in full to the faid days fo appointed for the payment of fuch intereft, without any fee or charge whatfoever, and freq froip 3ll deductions, defalcations, and abatements, until the principal fums therein mentioned be refpe&ively paid at orre entire payment, and that all fuch debentures as (hall jsc fo ifiuec^ and figned, fhajl be numbered in arithmetical progrelfion, beginning with number one, until the whole thereof (hall be numbered, provided that no fuch debenture (hall be iftiied for. left than fifty pounds, oc for more than one hundred pounds; and aKo that the tolls of the feveral gates on the faid road after paying the filtered of the debentures theretofore ifTued. and all arrears of intereft due thereon which the faid directors are thereby required and authorized to difeharge, and payable thereon, /hall be applied in difeharge of the intereft td arife upori fuch new debentures as (hall be iffued for the faid fum of

three thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, in fuch proportions on the feveral divifions as tlie faid dire&ors (hall think proper, out of the firft produce of the faid tolls after* payment of the interdll for the debentures theretofoi^ charged thereon, and that the holders thereof (hall have like remedy for recovefy of the intereft, in cafe of nonpayment thereof, as is given by the a& therein mentioned to the holders of-debentures theretofore ifftied on the faid faM recital *oa<*:	"bereas	the faid recited p^rts of the faid a£t

repealed.	have not&nfwered the good purpofes intended thereby ; be

1	* *	it enadted by the King’s moil excellent Majcfty, by and

*rith the advice'and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority cf the fame, That the faid recited idaufes be, and they are hereby repealed, and made null and void. •

II.	And be ft further ena&ed, That whenever and as de^fire wlth10 °^tcn as the directors appointed by virtue of the faid act, trealurer'Vmap think it expedient to fprrn a new line of road betweeir «rc. and lay out any two points of the prefent turnpike road from Dublin and diftinguilh to Dunleer,* for the purpofe of (hortening the diftance. or town-laud*,,	avoiding hills, or for the greater convenience of.travellers*

iC#	it (hall he lawful for them to depofit, or caufe to be de-

pofited with the treafurer of the county through which fuch new rofad (haft lje propofed to be made, a map thereat with a declaration therw, figned by three of the fi^id '	•	_	.	•	diie&or$

i

The ffventy-viatb Year of George III.

dirpetors at the lead, fitting forth their determination to Jay out fuch road, and dilliiiguifhing tin? feveral town lands and baropie^ through which the fame is to he made, and exprtfling the number of perches in length that inch jiejjv road is intended to be carried through each town land, and alfo the breadth of fuch intended ne>v road, and they fhall alfo depofite, or c^ufe tg be dcpjJked with ft|cii trta-furer an affidavit or affid-ifits fittjug forth, that a copy pf fuch declaration has been polled up ou the door of tlve frounty court boufc, and if in the county of Dublin, on the door of the (oar courts in the city of Dublin, and that a like copy has been personally ferved on, or left at the houfe of every occupier of the ground through whicji fuch new road is intended to be made, or in cafe the mi-jdeaee of any occupier of any part of fuch ground ffiaii not be known to the faid directors, then that a like notice has been fixed up in a confpicuous manner on fuch part of fuch ground, and Oft toll gate of the road peareft thereto.

III,	And be it further epafted, That every treafurer to Trcafow* whom fuch map, declaration, and affidavit or affidavits fhall to whom i'urh be delivered, fhall keep the fame open for the infpection of map, vt. deal! perfoos whom the fame may concern, and fhall lay the ! vcrt^’ fame before the court of lying’s bench, on the firfl fitting lufpTaloo^ day of the tern) next immediately $nfujng, if in the com;- See.

ty of Dublin, or before the court at the next affixes helj for fuch other county as the land fhall be in through which fuch road fhall be intended to be made% together with his certificate, Jellifying upon oath tfie d,^ h^ received the. fame.

IV.	And be it further enaAed, That if it fliall app-nr rJcdara-ion by fuch certificate that fuch map, declaration, and atfiJa- ft^u i,c rcad yit or affidavits, fhall have been deported with fuch trea- i». court; furer twenty-one days before the firfi fitting d<vy $£ fuch ow, cr term, or firfl day of fuch affixes, as thq cafe ifuy be refpc^-. ^averfe tively, the faid declaration fhall be read in open court

and if any owner or occupier of the ground through which fuch new road is Jo be made, fhall think bimfclf or lierfilf aggrieved thereby in refpe& to filch ground, fuch owner or occupier may traverfe the fame for damages, by enter* mg a traverfe thereto with the clerk of the crowin for damages at the fame term or affixes; whi«h ti^ve/fi ftiaU be tried at the fame term or affixes, unlefs good and fuf-ficient caufe fliall be fhewn upon oath for not trying itK then, in wfiich cafe, it fhall be tried at term or uffrxxa next immediately enfuing, and every fuch traverfe fh^U filtered and tried in like roauner, and like fecuri^y be jgivep for j>rofecuting the fame, as is ufual in the	pfa

A z

traverfe

Digitized by ^.ooQle



damai



7^ tfvenij-nbtih Yeqr of George HI.

traverfe of a prefentment of a grand jury for laying out and making a new road.

V.	And be it further ena&ed^ That the jury who fhnl{ try any fuch traverfe (half true verdift give, whether any, and what damages will accrue to the perfon taking fuels traverfe, by fuch new road being made y which verdict (hail be concluGve to fuch traverfcr, and upon the fum fo found for damages being paid to fuch tra verier, or depofited with the county treafurer for bis or her life, and lipon all fuch damages as (hall be found upon each traverfe which may be tried, bring fo paid or depofited, or upon ver-di&a found againft the traverfers, or upon each traverfe ^yhich may have been entered being withdrawn, or upon no traverfe being entered, it (hall be lawful for the faid di-re&ors, or any three of theno* or furh perfons as they (hall appoint, to proceed, by out, and make fuch i^\r road without the interruption of any perfon whatever.

Dire&ors fu ^1. And be it further enafted, That the faid diYe£L>rst pcrvn'ors, * the fupervifors, colle&ors, and al! other perfons, (hall have to have fame all and (kigular the bme powers and authorities, and the power*,	like	regulations,	penalties,	and	forfeitures,	fhall a&cCl and

extend to every part of any new road laid out by the faid dire&ors, as are provided or ena&ed with refpecl to any part of the prefent road ; and that every fuch map, declaration, and affidavit, (hall be preferved among the records, of the county with whole treafurer the fame (hall have been depofited.

VII.	And whereas Maurice Leonard of the Man-of-war inn, in the county of Dublin, has within a few years laft pad expended a confiderable film of money in building an inn therefor the accommodation of travellers: be it further enabled, That if the faid dirc&ors (hall depofite, or caufe to be depofited with the treafurer of the county of Dublih, any map or declararion of their determination to, lay out any new road between any two points, north or fouth of the faid inn, which (hall leave the faid inn at more than five hundred yards diftance from fuch road, it (hall be lawful for the faid Maurice Leonard to enter in the court of kingVbench a traverfe. for damages at the fame time, and to be tried in like manner as is herein enaScd refpefting any traverfe to bt entered by any owner or occupier of the ground through which fuch new road is to be made, and the jury who (hall try fuch traverfe (hall true vcfdift give damage* not to	^um	dually expended by the faid Maurice Leonard

exceed ioool. the building of the faid iun, and the whole of fuch fum as (hall be Found by fuch* jury, if it does not exceed the fum of one thousand pounds, or if it does exceed the faid fum, then the fum of one tboufand pounds (hall be paid to the faid Maurice Leonard, in manner herein after

mentioned,

Maurice Leonard, of the Man-of-War inn, may traverfe for damages, dec.

TThc tto:niy-n'.nth Ttat of George III.	$

mentioned, upon his giving Efficient fectmty to the laid directors, or the treafurer of the faid road, to be approved * *>f by the faid direftore \ that a like fum fhal) be expended by the faid Maurice Leonard, his executors* adminiftrators, or affigns, within feme time to be named by the faid directors, in building accommodations for travellers contiguous to thfc faid new road, or to fome part of the ioad which Hiaii then be the turnpike road between Liffenhall and Gotmanftown.

. VIII. Provided always, That if the faid directors, and AVAaurc faid Maurice Leonard, in order to avoid the Cxpence of Leonard,^nd a trial by traverfe, (hall choofe to refer to two fworn mea- directors, may furors the amount of money expended by the faid Maurice rc^r to 1 fwox1* Leonard as aforefaid, the amount or eftimate thereof (Worn mca*urcr#* to by foch two meafuter* to have been ascertained by them truly, honefUy, knd fairly* to the beft of their judgment,

(hall be as valid to III intents and ptirpofes as the verdict of a jury, to authorise the faid directors to pay fuch fum* not exceeding one thoufknd pounds* to the faid Maurice .Leonard.

IX.	Aftd wh'erehs the tolls to be collected dh the faid DDre&ort turnpike roftd will not be fufftcient to Infwer the feveral borrow char ges thereon, and to repair and widen the (kid road>	i*©*beoL

and tbriti fuch new lines of road as thay be nCcefTary; be	9

it further enacted, T*hat any three or more of the faid di± tectort (ball aUd ttoay, and are hereby empowered, from time to time, as occafion (hall require, to raife and borrow fuch fum and filths of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of tefi thoufand pounds (lerling, as they (hall judgfc neceflkry towards repairing and widening the faid road, at forming Hew lines of road in the place and (lead of any part thereof, and defraying all charges which may be incurred by virtue of this prefent, or any former act $ and that for all fuch fums fo to be borrowed, bills entitling the bearers	•

to the amount of the fums therein Qjecified, (hall be iflued andfigfied by the treafurer for the time being* and figned by, ami fealed with the feals of three or more of the faid directors, and that fddh bills (hall bear fuch intereft from the date thereof, as (hall be agreed uport between the faid dfritetofs and the lender or lenders, n0t exceeding the rate ^ of fix pounds by the hundred by the year, and that for fUch fum fo to be borrowed by the faid directors as afore- -faid* there (hall be paid by the treafurer for the time being* by and with the order and direction of three or more of the laid directors* on every firft day of May> and every ftrft Jay of November, after the refpective dates of fuch \}\\U, to the holders thereof, out of the produce of the tolls of th^ fittl road, fuch interrft as (hall be fo agreed upon in fuj] to



If interefl not paid in 7 days a! ter due, ford chancellor hi ay appoint a' f'c- ' «eivcr, Sec.

Dire&or may purdmte houfes, &e.

Separate Irafi * of ground incon-•acuici.t,

Kent to hr nfrcrtaiiud by pry.

r)‘rf£o'S altering r* ad all emit a v a to betaken, &c.

The twenty-ninth Tear of George lit.

the faid days, to appointedi for the payment of filch in-* tereft, without any fee or charge whatsoever, and free front all deductions, defalcations, and abatements, untiPthe principal fums therein mentioned be r^fpectivcly paid at one payment \ and that all fuch bilk as (hall be fo iffued and Signed, Shall be numbered in arithmetical progrefiion, beginning with number one, until the whole thereof (hall be numbered} provided that no fueh bill (hall be iflued For lefs than fifty pounds, or for more than one hundred pounds.

X.	And be it further enacted. That if tfiry part of the faid intereft (hall be behind, or unpaid by the faid trea-furer for the fpaee of Seven days after any of the days f<y appointed for the payment tliereof, the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, 6r commiflioners of the great Seal,- may, upon? a petition and affidavit, appoint a receiver to receive fo much of the tolls of the faid read, as may be ireceflary to-pay fuch intereft, and the receiver^ fees, and all reafon-able cofts attending fuch application, or may make fuch or-. dcr for fequeflering the tolls for the payment thereof,- as t<* jutlice (hall pertain.

X/. And be it farther enacted, That ir (hall be lawful for < the faid directors, or any three or more of them, to-pnrehafe all fach ground, houfe, or houfes, as may be nc-ctfTary for widening the faid road, or making new road* in place of any parts of the prefent road, or for depofit-ing materials for repairing the fame, or laying by the Scraps mgs and cleanfing tliereof.

XII And to avoid the expcnce and inconvenience of Separate leafes of each fpot of ground, ho life, or houfes, which they may take at a yearly rent for any of the pur-pofes afortfhid, mentioned in this or any former aft or aefs: Be it further enafted, That where the fakl direftors (hall take any ground by agreement at a yearly rent, for any of the faid purpofes, a memorial of fueh agreement, fig nod by any three of the faid direftors, entered in the reentry office at the cafllc of Dublin, ffiall be iufficient evidence of fuch agreement to all intents and purpofes \> and that as many agreements as the faid direftors (hall think proper may be contained in out fueh memorial.

XIII.	And be it farther enacted, Tltft m all.cafe* where the rents to be paid for any ground for any of the purpofes afatefaid, ffiall be afeertained by a jury, the record of the vevdift of fuch jury ffiall be fuflicicnt evidence a* aforefaid, without any demife being aftiudly executed pur-> fuant thereto.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That in all cafes where the faid direftors (hall alter the prefent road, by taking oft

4	.	a*y

prefcnti men t for keep*

.ffida.it of »b StSI'S

V~he twenty •nmthT'ear of George, lit*	7

hjiy\upneceffary angles, or making a new line of rpad, they. A*, D# ihall caufe a map of fuch parts of the prefent road, as /hall ^7^9* in conferquence thereof be difeontinued, by them, as part of Chap. 23;, the turnpike road for the ufe of travellers, to be depofued with the treafurer of the county in which fuch parts /nail be iituate ; and if the grand jury of fuch county (hall not, within, eight months from the time faid map /hall be fo de-pofited, prefent fuch parts to be kept open as a publick road, every fuch part of the faid old road as fhal] not To prefented, /hall be, acid is hereby declared to be veiled in the directors of the faid turnpike road, for the benefit thereof, and /hall and may be fet,or fold by the faid directors, or any three of them, and the rent or money arifingr therefrom (hall be applied by them towards payments of the rents or purchafeof fuch grounds as they inay think proper to take, by yearly lent, or to purchafe for any of the puipofes herein before mentioned, or in any former a&.

XV.	Provided always, That no fuch preferment for keeping open any fuch part of the prefent road fhall be made by any grand jury, except upon an affidavit of two credib?e perfons who can read and write, fetiing forth that ce/Tary. fuch part of the road is nece/Tary to be kept open, as a publick road for the convenience of travellers.

XVI.	A nd be it further enafted, 'that if at any time thereafter the grand jury of fuch county /hall prefent the fame to be (lopped up, it /hall be immediately thereupon, and is hereby declared to be veiled in the faid dire&ors, without any further a£I done on their behalf, as fully as if the fame never had been prefented to be kept open.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall be law* Money pay* f\3 for the faid directors to pay whatever fum of money may able to Maurice be payable to Maurice Leonard aforefaid, by virtue of thijj Leonard, ftall

by iffuing one or more bills for the fame, payable to	^

him, his executors, admini/lrators, or afligns* and carrying P tC an interefl after the rate of five per cent per annum, which bill or bills /hall be deemed and taken to be for a part of tlic fum of ten thoufand pounds, which faid directors are empowered by this a£t to bo crow.

XVIII.	And be it further ena6ted, That it /hall be lawful for the grand jury of the county of Dublin at any Gratid juries term, and for the gi and juries of the counties of Meath, ofroad to Louth, and county of the town of Drogheda, at any af- widened, as fries, to prefent any part of the faid road within their re- by *7 Geo. 3. fpeCtive counties, to be widened to the width to which it c- 5 may be widened, by virtue of an a& pa fled in the twenty-feventh year of the prefent reign, entitled, /In a& f?r tm* proving and repairing the turnpike road from Dublin to •£)„/*-Uer, upon the requdi of three of the dire&ors in writiTjg^ .

♦	au>d

Digitized by Google

I

8

A. O. Ch$p. 13.

Owner of land may tra-verfe preferments.

Tfftihi rft he mail! umil-r fcoh-troul ol director*.

Nothin?; in the a*H to IciTen jviwcr*' <»f com* miflioncr* in removing treafurer*, ike.

rht tMity-AiMb Ttkr If Gedrg# itf.

add Jta iftdavit fWofn bfcfete arty two jnftldes 6t th£ p£acC i6t fo^B Utility, ot before th£ Court, by any tWo Credible ptrtdtikj that thrt part of thfc road fo liquefied to bt widened is not of the width of	fpecifijrifig the

width to Which ft Alay bh widened by virtue of the laid

aa.

XI jt. fr6vidrtd rtlWiys, That ff the dvtmer or occupier of the land Wh*re the faid toad ih to bt widened is aforc-faid, (hall think himfelf or ftCrfelf aggrieved by filch preferment, it (hall be lawful fot fiicn perfort to traterfe the faih6 it the tithe term dr afllieS fbr damages, and fuch tratferfe fhdll bfc tried fhfcn, dr at the rte#t enfuing term of affeits; and Upofi all daftidgfcS Which (hall be found by the jury Wh6 fhall try flich traverft: being paid to the trtvfcrfer, or depofUed With the bounty treafurer, for his Or her ufe, it fhall be lawful for the faid dirfc&6m to proceed in widening the farhe purfiiant t6 faid prfcfefttifient, Without the in-terruptiori of any pSffon whatfbjvef.

XX. And whereas it iS hectflaty for the further management of the (aid road, that the drains along either fide thereof (hoidd be urtder the £ofttroill of the faia direftors ; be it further eilactcd, That if any perfon fhall ffcoUr, deepen, fill up, or widen any drain or ditch on the fide of any part of the faid road, without the Ofder of the faid directors, or any three of them, it fhall bfe lawful for any of the faid directors to caufe the fame to be filled Up Or fcouxtd, as the cafe rrtay be, according to his di ft ret ion, and to levy the expencc thereof by dHlil*fs and fete of the goods of fuch perfon.

XXL And be it further enacted, That nothing in the faid act of the twenty-eighth year of the ptefent reign fhall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to leffen the power of the commrffioners of the faid toad to elect and remove a treafurer, but that the faid cotnmiflioners, or any feven or more of them, (hall have full power, ftorh time to time, at their free will and pleafure, to remove any treafarer, and appoint another perfon in his room ? prodded always, that three of the commiflionerj Who fjialt cortfcnr in fuch appointment or removal, be at the time directors of the faid road.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the treaforer attend the meetings of the faid dirc&orS, as often a$ ireors *c.	^ hereunto required by any one or more of them,

and (hall keep fuch books of account, and fn fuch manner as any three of the faid directors Audi, from time tb tinf£, order; and that it (hall be lawful for arty three df the faidi direftors to difmifs any treafurer from his office, who fhall neglect to give fuch attendance, or to keep fuch boohs, or

to

Tfo twenty-ninth Tatr of George III.	9

to give any information which may be required of him re* A. D. fpe&ing his receipts and payments as treafurer, or to de- 1789. pofite the whole, or any part of the balance in his hands, L***~^r-+*J in the bank, as often to he (hall be ordered fo to do by any three of the faid directors*

CHAP. XXIV*

An Aft for rendering more effectual two federal Afts* ofte

pajfed in the Twenty fixih Tear of His Majejiy’s Reign, to ApHl* entitled. An Aft for making, widening, and repairing the ^ 50’f	*

. Road leading from the City of Dublin to Malahide, and Amended 31 O. for erefiing Turnpike Gates, and receiving Tolls thereout, 3. c. 50. in Aid of the Barony Preferments, and for appointing Trujiees for carrying the faid Purpofes into Execution, and the other Aft pajfed in the twenty-eighth Tear of His Majefty’s Reign, entitled, An Afl for extending to the Roads leading from Dublin, through Raheny and Chntarf the Pnrvifions of an Aft pajfed in the Twentyjixth Tear of His majefty’s Reign, entitled. An Act fir making, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Dublin to Malahide, and for erecting Turnpike Gates, and receiving Tolls thereout in Aid of the Barony Preferments, and for appointing Trufteet for carrying the faid Purpofes into Ex-ecuticn, and alfo fir continuing the faid Act.

WH UREAS by two fereral of Parliament, one made in the t wenty-fixth year of his Majefty's reign, entitled, An aft for making, widening) and repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to Malahide, and for ending turnpike gates, and receiving tods thereout, in aid of the barony preferments, and for appointing Indices for carrying the faid purpofes into execution ; and the other made in the twenty* eighth year of his Majefty's reign, entitled, An act for extending to the roads leading from Dublin, through Raheny and Clontarf, the provi/ions of an a3 pajfed in the twenty ftxtb year of his Majfly’s reigrt, entitled, An ad for making, widening\ and repairing the road leading from Dublin to Malahide, and for ending turnpike gates, and receiving tolls thereout, in aid of the barony preferments, and for appointing truftees for carrying the faid purpofes into execution ; and alfo for continuing the fail ad, the feveral perfons therein refpe&ively named were appointed truftees for putting the faid afts into execution * be ft enafled by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords {pintual and tern-dorJ, and commons in this prefent Parhament aflernbled. and by the authority- °( the bine, That John KelK^an^r*

3

lo

A; D.

1789. Chap. 24.

truftees ap-p imed, and whom.

No car or

horfc carrying flilh to Dublin, e*eo»pt from paving to h,

as herein.

No regiftry received, or certificate or k*t-paf* ^iven, unl-fs owners make proof on oath, flee.

Tmftees to contra.51 for keeping roods is repair.

The twenty-ninth Tear of George III.

George Maquay, efquires, fir George Montgomery, ronet, Samuel Dick, Frederick Geale, the honourable lord vifeount St. Laurence, and John Pollock, efquire, he, and they are hereby appointed truftees for amending, keeping ill repair, and ordering the feveral roads in the* faid a&s mentioned, and fdr putting into execution the feveral pow-ers and authorities mentioned and contained in the faid aft v and that the faid John Kells, and George Maquay, ef-quiret, the right honourable lord vifeount St. Lawrence, fir George Montgomery, baronet, Samuel Dick, Frederick Geale, and John Pollock* and fuch perfon or perform as (hall upon their deaths or reftgnation be fucceffivdy appointed truflees, purfuant to the faid ads, (hall have the fame power and authority for the purpofes aforefaid, 3$ if they had been nominated and appointed, in, and by the faid afts, or either of them.

II.	And whereas by the faid laft recited aft it was enabled, That no car or fingle horfe laden with fi(h, being the property of any perfon or perfons dealing therein, or drawing or bringing the fame for fale to the city of Dublin, (hall be obliged to pay toll for fuch car or horfe: and whereas by means of the collectors of faid tolls not bciirg able to afeertain whether cars or horfes laden with fifh, arc by the t£rms of the faid aft entitled to be exempted from paying toll on drawing Or carrying fuch fifh to Dublin, difputes have arifen ; for prevention whereof, be it enafted. That no car or horfe dtawing or carrying fifh to the city of Dublin, (hall be exempted from paying the tolls by the faid aSt grafted, unlefs the owicrs of fuch cars or horfes re-fpeftivdy (hall regilter the fame with the faid truflees, and the clerk of the (aid triiilees (Kail under his hand give the perf n or perfons registering the fame a certificate, which certificate (hall be a let-pafs for fuch car or hoHc drawing or carrying fi(h to the city of Dublin, and not drawing or carrying any other article or thing whatever.

III.	And be it further enafted, That no fuch regiflry (hall be received, nor certificate or let-pafs given, unlelha the owners of fuch cars and horfes refpeftivtly, (hall to' the fa-tlsfaftion of the faid truflees make proof on oath, or if quakers, on affirmation, before any three of the faid truf-tees, which they are hereby empowered to adminifter, that the cars or horfes to be employed by (hem in drawing anti carrying fi(h to the city of Dublin, are entitled to the exemption by the faid aft given.

IV.	And he it enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid truftees, or any five of them, to enter into any contraft with any perfon or perfons not being an officer afting under them, to repair and keep in repair for any number of

years

^Tbc tteenty-wnth Tear of George lit.

spears not exceeding feven, any part or parts of any of the laid roads, and any foot-way thereon, taking full fecurity for the due and exaft execution of every fuch contraft, and that all contracts already made by the laid truftees for any of the fakl purpofes for any term not exceeding feven years,' (hall be good and valid, any thing in the faid recited ads, or either of them, to the contrary notwithftanding, and every fnch contra ftor, and every overfeer or perfon employed by the fakl truftees, or by any committee to make any repair within any of the diftrifts in the faid afts mentioned, (hall have fuch powers of fearching for, digging, railing, and carrying away earth, gravel, or ftones nec.flary for faid purpofe as by the faid laft recited afts arc pre^ fori bed, and upon the terms therein mentioned,

V. And be it further enabled. That until the lull of May, one thoufard feven bundled and ninety, no greater toll (hall be paid for any brewer’s dray, or cart or carriage of burthen drawn by two horfes.or bealls of burthen, than three pence, nor for any brewer's dray or cart drawn by one horfc or bead of burthen, than three halfpence, provided that the wheels of fuch dray, cart, or other carriage, not being a car, be of the breadth of three inches and an half on the foie when worn, and the ltreaks fit on w ith flat-headed nails, any thing in the faid aft to the contrary not with (landing.

V . And whereas it was by the faid fecond recited aft, enacted, that it (hall be the duty of the treafurer to the faid truilecs to attend at every meeting of the faid truilecs: be it enacted. That fo much of the faid act as requires the faid treafurer to attend at every fuch meeting, (hall be* and the fame is hereby repealed.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any owner or occupier of any land near to any of the faid road9 through which there is any water courle or ditch, into w hich any water from, or adjoining to any of the faid roads (hould neceffa-rily run, (hall neglect or refufe to fcour or cleanfe any fuch water coiyfe, and to make any fuch ditch fo deep, and in Tuck manner as the faid tru(lee3, or any three of them (hail adjudge proper and convenient, after eight days notice /hail be given for that purpofe by any furveyor of any of the fa/d roads, of any other perfon properly authorized to luck owner or owners, it fhall and inay be lawful for the funeyor, or any other perfon properly authorized, to fet any man or men to work, to fcour, or cleanfe, and make the fame, and by warrant from any five or more of the faid rrii/fccs, to levy the charges thereof to be ascertained by the affidavit of fuch furveyor, or any other perfon properly authorized to be fvvora before any juilice of. the peace.

So hrrwrr’t dray or cart, to i ay more than 3d.

Recital of

cS tio». 3. c-4$. f. 4-

owner

TKTfr'eSW"*

eoxarfe* £*c‘

W«Tor°TToad

niay employ a

Digitized by

J2

The tweaiy-nintl Tear of George HI*

A. Tk 1789. Chap. 14.

No building, except toll houfe to be ere&ed Within 15 feet of road.



Riding on foot path* penalty tts.

toofeuing (tones of foot paths* penalty lot.

Tluftets clerk to fum-mon parties liable to fines.

by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the ownei* or owners, occupier or occupiers of Aich Hinds through which fuch water-courfe or ditch runs, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the faid owner or occupier after all charges paid.

VIII.	And be it enafted, That no building whatsoever, except a toD-honfe, (hall be ere6ked within fifteen feet of the laid road on either fide, unkrCs fuch building be eredted by the authority of the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, fignified by writing under their hands, and if any building (hall be hereafter eredted, or be begun to be erected, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, it (hall and may be lawful for the fitfd trildees, or any five or more of them, by warrant under their hands, to order that the fame be pulled down, and to caufe the fame to be pulled down accordingly*

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfbn (hall ride or drive any horfe, beaft, or Cattle, on any foot path of faid roads, or if any perfon (hall ride or fit on any cart or car ort arty of the faid roads, not holding a rein fufficient to guide the horfe or horfes or other beads drawing the fame, utilefs fuch cart or car be attended by a perfon on foot guiding the fame, every fuch perfon on conviction thereof by the oath of any one credible witnefs before any * one jtiftice of the peace of the codnty, or county of the city of Dublin, or upon the view of fuch judice or trnftee of faid road, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit a fum not exceeding twenty (hillings, to be levied by didrefs and falc of the horfe, bead, or cattle, of goods and chattels of the perfon offending, and that it (hall and may be lawful foC any perfon to feite every filch hoi*fe or bead, and bring the fame before any fuch jtiftice or trudee.

X* And be it fuither enacted, That if any petfoh (hall wilfnly loofen any dones, part of any foot-path adjoining any of the faid roads, or any dones, part of any rampart, or wear wall, or (hall remove or take away, or caufe to be removed or taken away, any fuch dones, or any faod, or gravel, from any beach, Or fewer adjoinining to ar.y fuch wall, or to any of the faid roads, every fuch perfon (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings,

XI* And be it enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid trtifteea to caufe a fummons, figned by their clerk, to be ferved oft any perfon charged with any offence againd the faid acts ahd this act, for which a pecuniary fine or penalty may be inflicted, requiring filch perfon to appear before the faid truftees, at fuch time and place as (hall be mentioned in fuch fummons, and if fuch perfon fhaH be convicted before the faid truftees, or any three or

more

1

The twentyrifatb Tear of George III.

more of them, of any fuch offence by the oath of one or Wore credible witnefs or witneffes, the faid truftecs, or any three or. more of them, (Hall and may iffue a warrant under their hands to levy fuch line or penalty, by diftrefs and (ale of the goods aqd chattel of the party offending, returning the overplus, if any, to the party offending, and the lame nuy he levied accordingly,

XII.	And whereas the faid truftees have purfuant to a power for that purpofe contained in the faid fecond recited a£t, borrowed a fum of one thoufand pounds from Patrick Brady, and have fecured the fame to him in the manner by “Vie faid adt preferihed, and by tl* faid the faid truftcos were required yearly and every year after the twenty-fifth cay of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, until the whole thereof be paid, \o fet apart, out of thq toils and duty to be received by them, not Ids than the fum of one hundred pounds, and fhall yearly and every rear pay off, and difeharge at lead one hundred pounds of fuch fum until the whole thereof fhsll be paid; and whereas it will be neceffiry to borrow a further fum for the more fpeedy \yideniug and making of the faid roads y be it further enacled, That the faid tiuftees, or any five or more of tbepnt fhall a,nd may, and are hereby empowered from time to time, in wp'ting under their refpe&ire hands and feals, to affign over the faid toll or duty by the laid a&s granted, or any part thereof, the cods and charges whereof to bp borne and paid out of fuch toll or duty, for any time or term during the continuance of the faid fecond recited a£t, as a fecurity for any further fum or fums of money, not exceedingin the whole the fum of out thoufand pounds, by them to be borrowed for that purpofe, to fuch perfbn or perfbnox; their truflees> who fhall advance and lend the fame to fccure the re-payment thereof, with intcreft, not exceeding the rate qf uttered of fix pounds each year for every hundred pounds fo lent, which faid money when borrowed fhall be applied and difpofed of in widening and making the faid roads, or fuch of them as the faid truftees fhall think proper, and to no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, nod that it (hall and. may be lawful for the faid truftecs, at any time or times they fhall think proper, to pay off, and difeharge fuch fqm or fums, or any part theie-of, not left than one hundred pounds, with, the intcreft due thereon at any one time.

XIII.	And he it ena£led, That in cafe the laid fum of one thoufand pounds to be borrowed in. purfuance of this a#, or any part thereof, fhall not be difeharged by the £ud tru/iccs on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand eight hundred, the «ud tratas tall yearly and

every

Truftees empowered to borrow fums, and affivn tolls and cpffoms a^ fecurity for fiune.

at 61. current intcreft.

If iooqLjm* paid before a 5 th March, 1800, truftees fhall yearly felj, apart tolls •&$/ dntjes.

Digitized by

TfcafurcT not to pay for repairs until he (ball have dif-

vrith filtered.

The twenty-writh Year of George HI.

every year after the faid twenty-fifth day of March, bop tlkoufaud eight hundred, tintil the whole of the faid fum be paid, let apart out of the tolls and duty tq be received by them, not Iefs than the lum of one hundred pounds, and fhall yearly and every year pay ofF and difeharge at lead one hundred pounds of fucb fum, with the intereil thereof, until the whole thereof fhall be paid, and every payrpent to be made of any part of the fum fo to be borrowed, fhall be made according to the regulations preferibed by the faid fecund recited ad, with refpeft to tjie payments thereby reouifed to be made.

XIV. And be it further enafted, That no order or draft of the truftees, or any treafurer to the faid truftoes to pay any fum of money fot any repairs of the faid roads, (haQ be iffutd or fhaH be paid by fuch treafurer, if fuch treafurer fumsof	^reby	he	difablcd fiom difeharging the feveral yearly

payments of one hundred pounds each, end the intereil thereof purfuant to the faid fecond recited aft 3M this aft, and that if any fuch treafurer (hall make defaOh in paying any yearly fum towards difeharge of the faid fums of one thoufand pounds and one thoufand pounds, and the intereil at the times appointed for the payment thereof, fuch treat furer (hall for every fuch offence forfeit to the perfon aggrieved the fum. of fifty pounds, to be recovered by aftioi^ of debt in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Dub-, lin.

XV. And be it enafted. That the feveral truftees for. putting the faid afts into execution, or any five or more of them, (hall be and are hereby authorised and empowered from time to time, to treat, contraft, and agree with the feveral owners, proprietors, occupiers of, and perfont ii»-terefted in any lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, pr hereditaments, neceffary to be ufed for widening any of the faid roads, or making any new roads in lines more convenient to travellers, purfuant to the faid fecond recited ad^, for the poffcffion and ufe thereof, at an annual rent, and put of the tolls collefted, or to be collected by virtue of. the faid afts, or out of any money borrowed, or to be borrowed on the credit of this aft, to pay fuch annual rent as (hall be agreed upon between fuch owners, proprietors^ occupiers, and perfons rntcrefted as aforefaub and the faid refpeftive truftees, or any five or more of them respect tively, and alfo the cofts and charges attending fuch agreements and purchafes refpeft ively.

X;VI. And be it k further enafted. That it (haH and may. be lawful for all bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, and all feoffjpea in ^ruft, executors, admiuiilrators, guardians, committeee. or

9^**

Truftees to

contract for laudVScc. for | urpefes herein.

Jodies politic &c having property in ’ Unds, Sec. lSo»y contra^ vbtll Uuft#Mw

Digitized by v^ooQle

The twenty-yinth Tear of George III.

etfier truftees whatfoever, for, or on behalf of any infant^, femes covert, lunaticks, idiots, or ceftvi que trulls, and for all and every perfon or perfons whomfoever, who are or /hall be feized, pofftffed of, or intereflcd in any wife in any' fuoh lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds or hereditaments, to treat, contract, and agree \Vith the faid re-fpeftive truftees, or any five or more of them, for fuch lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds or hereditaments, which fhall be neceflary for the purpofes aforefaid, and to demife the fame to the faid truftees and their fuc-beffors, at fuch annual rent as (hall be agreed upon, and all cont? a&s, agreements, leafes, and demifes, which fhall be fo made, fhall be valid to all intents and purpofes, any law, ftatute, ufage, or any other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary thereof in any \yife qotwithftanding^ and all feoffees in truft, executois, adminiftrators, guardians, committees, and truftees, corporations aggregate or fide, arid all other perfons are and fhall be hereby indemnified for wHat they fhall do, by virtue of, or in putfuance of this a£l.

v XVII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any fuch owner, proprietor, occupier, truflee or truftees, pommttt^ee or committees, bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, aggregate or foie, or any other perion or perfons in any wife interefted in any fuch lands, tenements, buildings, houfes, grounds, or hereditaments, not being an orchard, yard, or planted walk, lawn, or avenue, upon fourteen days notice to them given, or left in writing at the dwelling houfe or houfes, or place or places of abode of fuch perfon or per-ibns, or of the head officer or officers of fuch body politic, corporate or collegiate, aggregate or foie, or at the houfe of the tenant in poffeffion of fuch lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, and hereditaments, (hall neglect or re-flife to treat, or fhall not agree for the demifing of any fuch lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds and hefedi-■ laments, or any part or parts thereof, during their filtered therein, or for any annual rent to be paid for the fame, or by rcafon of ab fence fh^U be pi evented Trom treating as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the find refpedtive truftees, or any five or more of them, fhall caufe it to be enquired into, and afeertafned by and upon the oath of a jury of twelve indifferent men of the county of Dublin, which oath arty three or more of fuch refpe&ive truftees are hereby empowered and required to adminifter, what annual rent #w31 be fuffiaent compenfation for fuch lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds aftd hereditaments, and wHat« Other damages will be fuftained by fuch owners, occupiers, Or proprietors, or other perfon or perfons interefted for or. v- .	1	upon

• \

Owners, pro-

prietf rs, flee, neglediing or refuting to treat for lauds, &c.

in fuch eafr, truftees to hare it ascertained on ojth of a jury of 12, what annual rent will be fufficient com* penfation for fuch land*, dtc.

|6	Thi	twenty-ninth	Tear	George	III.

A. D.	upon account of the opening or making fucb road; and fij

1789.	order thereunto, the faid refpe&ive truftees, or any five or

Chap. 34. more of them refpedively, are hereby empowered and re-quired, from time to time, as there (hall be occafion, tQ fummon and call before the (aid jury, and examine upon oath all perfons who (hall be thought neccifary or proper to be examined a* witneffes touching or concerning the pre-mifles, which oath any three or more of fuch refpeftive truf-tces are hereby empowered and required to adminifter, and jf any of the parties interefted (Hall requeft the fame, (hall alfo caufe the faid jury to view the place or places in question, and (hall ufe all other lawful ways and means, as well for their own ufc as for the faid juries better information in the premiffes, in fuch manner as they the faid refpe&ivc truftees, or any five or more of them rcfpcflively (hall think Urrh vin f	an(*	a^tcr	^	jurT lhall have fo enquired of, af-

ifccrt^ncd^thc attained, and fettled fuch damage and recomp?nfe, they recompence,	the faid tritftees, or any five or more of them* may there-v

truftees may	upon order and adjudge the fum or fums of money fo af-

order fum af- feffed by the jury for fuch annual rents or other damages a6 mots to be paid afo^Gud, to be paid to the perfons intercfUd in fuch lands* to perfons in- tenements, buildings, houfes, grou;.-l9, or hereditaments, terefted	according	to	the verdidk ai\d inquifition of fuch jury, which

(aid verdick or inquifition, and the order aud adjudication fo had and made, (hall be final and conclufive to all intents and purpofes, again ft all parties or perfons whatfoever claiming in poflei&on, reverfion, remainder, or otherwife, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and fucccflbrs refpe&ively, as well abfent as prefent, infants, femes covert, lunaticks, idiots, and perfons under any other difability whatfoever^ bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, aggregate or foie, us weH as other perfoo or perfons whomfoever, and all and every fuch owners, occupiers, and proprietors, and all and every perfon and perfons interefted in fuch lands, tenements* buildings, houfes, grounds^ o» hereditaments, fo let or de-mi fed as aforefaid, fhall thereby be from thenceforth during fuch demife, divefted of fuch premiles, without prejudice ueverthelefs to arty legal remedy for recovering the rent to be referred by fuch demife; and for the fummoning and returning of fuch jury and juries, the faid refpedive truftees, or any five or more ot them, arc hereby empowered from time to time, to iffue their warrant or warrants to the (heriff of the faid county of Dublin, thereby requiring hinx to impanftcl, fummon, and return an indifferent jury of* twenty four perfons to appear before the faid relpedive * trurtces, or any five or more of them, at fuch time and place as in fuch warrant (hall he appointed, of which time.

'	apd	place	all	parties	iuterefted (hall have fourteen days

notice-

Digitized by

Perfons to

The twenty-ninth Tear of George III.

notice given or left in manner aforefaid, and the faid (herifF is hereby required to impannel, fummon, and return fuch twenty four perfons accordingly, and out of the perfons fo impanneled, fummoned, and returned, or out of fucli of them a3 (hall appear, according to or upon fuch fum-tnons, the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall caufe to be fworn twelve, who (hall be the jury for the purpofes aforefaid, and for default of a fufficient number of jurymen the faid (heriffs (hall return fo many of the ftan-ders-by as (hall be neceflary to make up the number of twelve, to ferve on fuch jury.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed,

That all perfons concerned, (hall, from time to time, have have their their lawful challenges, hut not to challenge the array of lawful rhal the pannel again!! any of the faid jurymen when they come lengc*. tobeTworn, and the faid refpedtive truftees, or any five or more of them, a&ing in the premifes, (hall have full power, from time to time, to impofe any reafonable fine or fines on fuch (herifF, bailiffs, or agents, making default in th$ premifes ; and on any of the perfons that (hall be fummoned and returned on fuch jury, and '(hall not appear or refufe to be fworn on the faid jury, or to give their ver-di& in any manner, wilfully negtafting their duty therein, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad! ; and on any of the perfons, who being requited to give evidence touching the premifes, (hall refufe to be examined, or give evidence; and from time to timfc to ifiuc their warrant to levy fuch fine and fines of the goods and chattels of fuch perfon and perfons fo fined, fo as that no fudi fine (hall	•

exceed the fum of forty (billings upon any one perfon for any one offence.

XIX.	And be it fuither ena&ed, That all fuch confi-deration, rent, tecompeuce, or fatisfadliun, as (hall be agreed for, or affdfed as aforefaid, for the purchafe or hire of fuch ground fo to be taken and made part of any road, fhall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon the tolls belonging to the faid road, or out of the monies borrowed upon the credit of the fame, as the fame (hall from time to time become due* and upon the execution of any leafe or demile by fuch perfons, or upon tender thereof, and refufal to execute the fame, it (hall and may be lawful truftees em for the faid trulteefc, or any five or more of them, their fuc- powered to ccfTors, workmen, or agents, to take down fuch houfes, hofSct°™c buildings, and tenements, and to lay the ground whereon * fhe fame were ere&ed, and alfo fuch other grounds, lands, or hereditaments as aforefaid, or fuch part thereof as they fhall think fit, into the faid road, and to do all and every fuch ad, matter, an3 thing, with relation to fuch lands,

Vol. IX.	B	tenements,

Rent of

ground ^

(bargcablc on tolls,

Digitized by

Google

Annuities, or annual rent*, to he paid otet of tolls bp half yearly pap* meats.

Traders may purchafe houfes, &c, for which they pay an noal rent.

The twenty-ninth Tear qf George III.

tenements* koufes, buildings* grounds, or hereditament*, and to ditch, drain, and fence out of the fame, as the kid retpeftive trudtes, or any fire or mote of them* (hall think, fit for carrying this aft into execution; and after the pre* raifes (hall be (o ditched* drained, and fenced, or fuch part thereof as the (aid truflees, or any five or more of them (ball direft, (hall to all intents and purpofes whatfoever become, and be a common high-way, and (ball be repaired and kept in repair, in fuch manner as is by the (aid aft* directed.

XX.	And be it further enacted. That the (aid annul-* ties, or animal rents fo to be agreed for or afiefied as afore-(aid, (ball be paid, from time to time, as the fame fhatt become due, out of the tolls of the faid road, by half yearly payments, and in the fiWl place to the perfon or perfons who (hall be entitled thereto, the fird payment thereof to begin, and be made at the end of fix calendar months next after fuch ground (hall be taken by the (aid trudees as aforefaid, and fuch perfon or perfons (Wall have the fame eftatc and intereft in fuch annuities, or annual rents, as they would have had in the faid ground in cafe this aft had never been made ; and in default of payment thereof by the faid trudees, within thirty days after the fame (hall become due, being demanded of the treafurer or treafurers for the time being of the faid truftees, it (hall and may be lawful for the perfon or perfons, who (hall* from time to time, be entitled to the faid annuities, or annual rents, or any of them, to commence or profecute one or more aftTons at law on the cafe, or in debt againft the treafurer or treafurers of the faid road, on account of fuch annuity, or annual rent, and (hall and may upon fuch aftion or aftions recover the money then doe, together with his, her, or their full cofts of fuit, and have fuch remedies for the fame as are allowed by law in other cafes 5 which faid money and cods fo recovered, when paid, (hall be allowed to fuch treafurer in his account with the faid trudees.

XXt. And be it further enafted, That in cafe the faid trudees (hall at any time afterwards be minded to purchafe any fuch houfes, lands, or tenements, the annual rent of which (hall be fo aflefled as aforefaid, freed and di (charged , from fuch annual rent, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch perfons who are hereby empowered to demife the fame* to convey the fame to the faid trudees, and the purchafe money of fuch rents (hall not be edimated at more than twenty years, and upon payment of fuch purchafe money, or tender thereof, and refufal to accept the fame, or in cafe any perfon or perfons entitled to receive the fame, (hall

after

The fwinty-ninth Tear of George III.

rfter fi t	notfcfc	gfvdn, ot* left at his, her, or their ho life

or houftfs, or at thfc hotife of the tenant or occupier of fuch premifes, rtftffe Or negleft to receive the fame, and execute a proper deed of conveyance' to the (aid truftees, or in cafe the thfc be difpufed, then upon fuch purchafe money being depofited irt the high court of chancery, which the ftfid court is hereby required to direft, fuch premifes (hall be, and the fame are hereby abfolutely veftrfd in the faid truftees, freed and difeharged from fuch rent.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That if any fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, or the faid former afts, or any aft hereafter to be made concerning the faid roads, that in evfcry fuch cafe, thg. aftion or fuit (hall be commenced within fix calendar months next after the aft fhould be committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid in thiff county of the city of Dublin, and not elfewhere, and the defendant or defendants in fuch action or aft ions, (hall and may plead the general ifluc, and give this aft and the fpeciaf matter in evidence on any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance, and by the authority of this aft, and if it (hall appear to have been done, or that fuch aftion or fuit was brought after the time fo limited as afotefaid, or in any other county or place than in the faid couhty of the city of Dublin, that then the juiy (hall find for the defendant or defendants, and upon fuch ▼erdift, or if the plaintiff (hall be non-fuited, or difepn-tinue his aftion after the defendant or defendants (hall h^ve appeared, or if on any demurrer, judgment (hall be gjyep againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble coftf, and have the like remedy fqr th£ fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes by law.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore faid. That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by-all judges, jufticcs, arid other perions whatsoever, without (peciafly pleading the fame.

XXIV.	Whereas great inconveniencies have arifen from water overflowing the faid roads, by means of the owners or occupier* of houfes, lands, or other premifes near or adjoining to the faid roads, being allowed to make paflages from the faid roads to fuch houfes, lands, or preipifca re-fpeftively, without making drains undtr fuch paflages re-fpcftively, for conveying the water from (aid roads; fpr remedy whereof, be it enafted. That from and after the palSrig of this aft, no owner or occupier of any houfe, lands. Of premifes, near or adjoining any of the faid roads

B i	refpectively,

Suit* commenced, muft be done 6 months after a& committed.

A publidt aft.

No owners of houfes, lands, &c. (hall make paflages thereto, without notice to fupervifos,

Digitized by

Ggogle

ZQ

The twenty ninth Tear'of* George HI.

A. D.

1789.

rafpe&ively, (hall make any paflage or pafiages whatfoer^r *0 fuch houfes, lands, or premifes, without tirft giving two days notice iu writing to the fupervifor or fupervifors of the faid roads rcfpediively, of his, her, or their intention fo to do, nor unlefs fuch owners or occupiers (hall make a drain of ftones under every fuch pafTage of the breadth of eighteen inches at the lead, and depth of two feet, every per foil or perfons fo offending, (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds.'

CHAP. XXVI.

An Ad for the letter enforcing the Payment of the Pirjl Fruits i chargeable on the Clerg$ of this Kingdom,

"V^uTHEREAS he feveral laws relating'to the firft ^ * fruits, payable by the clergy of this kingdom, have been found ineffectual for enforcing a due compofition and payment thereof, at the humble petition and delire of * the truftees and commiffioncrs of firft fruits: be it enacted by the King’s moll excellent Majtfty, by and with the ad* vice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and Commons in this prefent Parliament aftemblcd, and by and.

Pf.ro wlt^ authority of the fame, That from and after the moted^o^y" Pa^‘ ^ °l* this act, every pirfon who (hall be promoted to bcnclicc, &c. any b enefice or ecckfiaftical preferment whatsoever, within liable to pay- this kingdom, which by law is liable to, and chargeable mentoffirft- with the payment of firft fruits, (hall, previous to the time dut^a coxillat°* °fhi8 inftitution or collation to every fuch benefice or ec-9 dcliaftical preferment, produce and deliver to the perfoit from whom he (hall receive fuch inft ilutii n or collation, a c( nftat from, and (ign’ed by the clerk of the tirft fruits of hit Majefty’s court of exchequer in this kingdom, certifying, that upon fcarch trade in the full fruits office afore*

' faid, it appeareth that the perfon fo intended to be inili-tutrd or collated, hath by himfclf, or fume other furety or co-obligor on his behalf, compounded for, and executed bonds in the ideal manner, for the payment of the firft fruits, chargeable again!! thcTuid benefice; and which faid conftat ftiall alfo fpecify the principal fums fecured by fuch bonds reflectively, and the clerk of the firft fruits for the time being, (hall be entitled to receive for every fuch conftat the fum of fix pence, and no more, as a fee for fuch conftat or certificate, over and above fuch other uftial fees to which fuch officer is by law entitled ; and in cafe no fuch produced "or- c°nftat (hall be fo produced, then it (hall and may be lawful dinary to’take a an<l for the ordinary, or perfon giving fuch inftitution bond for 30I.	Or

r . «■

The twenty-ninth Tear of George III.

21

or collation, and they arc hereby reflectively required tft A. D. take and receive, previous to every fuch inftitution or col- 1789. lation, from every perfon fo applying for fuch inftitution Chap. 16. or collation, his bond, payable to the archbifhop or bifhop W < of the diocefe, and his fucceflors, in which fuch benefice or . ecclefiailical preferment lie3, of the penalty of thirty pounds, conditioned that if the obligor, his heirs, executors, or ad-miniftrators, (hall, before he receives induction, or the ac-. tual poffeifion of fuch benefice and promotion, compound with the clerk of the firft fruits for the time being, by entering into bonds as ufual at his faid office ; and alio if fuch obligor (hall, after fuch compofition made, well and truly pay to fuch clerk the fujjis which (hall become due on fuch bonds, that then, and in fuch cafe, fuch bond fo entered into to the archbifhop or bifhop (hall be void; and if fuch conftat or certificate as aforefaid, (hall be produced previous to inftitution or collation to the perfon who is to give the fame, then fuch perfon who is to give fuch initi-. tution and collation (hall previous thereto take a bond to the archifhop or bifhop, and his fucceflors, from the perfon fo to be inftituted and collated, in treble the fum which by fuch conftat (hall appear to be the amount of the firft fruits payable by fuch bonds, with a condition that if the obligor (hall well and truly pay to the clerk of the firft fruits for the time being, fuoh fum and fums which fiiall become due on fuch compofition bond pr bonds, that then fuch bonds fo pafled to the archbifhop or bifhop (hall be void. •

< II. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Bond may faid. That every fuch bond (hall be good and valid, and Pw in fuit capable of being put in fuit in the names of the fucceflors of fuch archbiftiops and bifliops, and that the archbifhops archbiOiops, See. and bifhops in this kingdom (hall, when they make the returns or promotions in Ctfeir refpective diocefes, fpecify therein the feveral bonds fo by them taken, and alfo trarif-jnit all fuch bonds then in their cuftody to the clerk of the tfirft fruits, who is hereby enabled, if he (hall think fit, to put the fame in fuit at the ex pence of the faid trufteee ■and commiflioners of firft fruits, and for their benefit, in the names of the archbifhops or bifhops refpectively, and ^their refpective fucceflors.

III.	And in order the better to enforce a due ^turn,	*

by the feveral (heriffs of this kingdom, of fuch procefs or1 execution as (hall be iffued forth, dire&ed, and delivered to them, and every or any of them, from the firft fruits office of his Majefty’s court of exchequer in this kingdom:

»aod alfo for the better enforcing the due accounting for, and payment, and return, by the faid feveral (heriffs* fcf all fuch fum and fums of money as have been, or (hall hereafter

I

A. I>.

178^ Chap. 26.

refuting to make return of pro-cefs u herein,

lhallpay to clerk of firft fruits, money mentioned in proved,

with 10 per cent.

A quietus ob-tuoed, no bar fo clerk to fue Ibchferiff. ‘

The twenty-ninth Tear of George JIL

after be levied by them, or any of them, in virtue of any fuch procefs or executioa fo iffued forth mod delivered from the (aid firft fruits office: be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the paffing of this a&, aay* Sheriff, or fub-lheriff, who (haft neglefr or refufr to make due return into the f»d firft fruits office, of aft and every fuch procefr or execution at (haft have been iiiied forth, dire&cd* and delivered to him or them within twenty-one days after the expiration of the return day thereof, or who hath received, or levied, or (haft receive, or toy any fum, or furot of money, by virtue of hit office, upon, add wader fuchj>rocef« or execution fib to him ttfiitd, difpffind, and delivered out of the faid fiifib fruits office aa aforriaid, and hath withheld, or (hall withhold, or neglcfr and refafe to pay over the fajne, or any part,thereof, to the faid clerk of the firft fruits, for the {pace pf one calendar month after the expiration of the return day, mentioned in fuch procefs* or execution, without hewing reafonabk cauic as aforefaid, for fuch neglcd, refufal, and detention, that then and from thenceforth fuch (heriff, or fiib-ftieriff, ib fiegle&ing or omitting to make fuch return os aforefaid, or withholding of money, by him levied under fuch procefr* {hall be chargeable with, and be accordingly ordered the faid court of * exchequer, uoiefs good emufr ftmft bfc fhewn to the contrary, to pay over to inch deik of thefisrft iruits, the full amount of fuch fum and fun* of money m (hall be mentioned in the procefs, or fchedule to fuch poo* cefs annexed, in cafe of fuch his negleft to make fuch no* turn as aforefaid, and alfo in cafe of fuch naglefr as afore* laid in payment of money received, fuck ftitriff, or fob* Iheriff, (hall be ordered to pay intereft upon, and for feck fum and films of money as in virtue thereof he ftiaH have levied and withheld, or detained as afofefiud, at the rate of ten pounds by the hundred, and in each of {aid cafes treble cofts out of pocket for fiich application againft fuch (tariff, or futafoeriff, the fame to be awarded and ordered upon (nek complaint being made and fubft antis ted in hia Majefty’s court of exchequer in this kingdom.

XV.	And be it ena&ea by the authority afotatfiud, That a quietus obtained, or to be obtained out of tjfie hid court of exchequer, by any (heriff who did not or (hall not prdfr jiuce fo the fi&id court a conftat from the clerk of the firft fruits, of no charge in his office ayainft fuck (heriff, (hall hot be allowed as any bay or impediment to the clerk of ike firft fruits from filing fuch iieriff in the faid court of exchequer, in virtue of this ad, in fuch manner as he might fiave fued if the laid (heriff had not obtained fuch qui*



V. And

me***-



72# tivtnty-nmtl Ytar of George IIL	2$

V.	And for the further and more effeftual enforcing and A. D. expediting the payment of the faid firft fruits: be it enaft- iydp. ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faveral archbifhops Chap. x6. and bifhops of this kingdom, (hall from the palling of this aft, on the firft day of Michaelmas term, and firft day of Archbilkopa Ealter t^rm in every year, or at fartheft tn thirty-one days af°ofM> after, whether any wdt out of the faid court of exchequer	0&c.	*

for that pmpofe (hall be ferved on, or fent to thcpi, or not make returns make vetutac to the fiiid dcik of the firft fruits office of bis ** herehs. Majefty’-s court ef exchequer, in fike manner as heretofore afujrf, of «M, how many, trad what deans, archdeacons, pflovtfts, prebendaries, re&om, and vicars, or others have been admitted foftituted, collated, or indu&ed to diguS-tbh heatfioes, edfiees, or promotions fpirftnal, and py what omSi and famamea tliey were fo admitted, inftimtea, collated, or indudbtd, and each of them weir figgly an§ fcparwtely called and known by, together with the day anfl pear of the inftitotion or coHation of each of them, and at* what ceanty nod counties, within their refpeftive #ocefe or dieceies and jarifdiftions, fnch deaneries, archdeacon-dea, prowoltthips, prebends, reftoHa and vicarages, ot other dignities, benefices, offices* err promotions fpirkual, be and are fituated to the dates of the faid refpeftive returns, aqd alfo of aM foch bonds as afore faid, fo by them taken from pfrfans filing for iqftitfttion or collation, fpeef-dying the firtne to the dates of faid refpeftive returns, and at the fame time tranfinit to the faid clerk of the firft fruits,

*H fuch bonds fa by them taken to the faid dates, and that in default of fodh returns, fitch defaoftert ftiafi be coftfider-wd by the faid court of exchequer, in the fame fight as if writs had iflaed oat of the faid coprt, and that they haft been duly ferved therewith for the feveral pnrpofes afore-faid, and that fnch defaulter* had Ttfafcd or neglefted to . pay any obedience thereto.

■Vf. Provided always ntvtrthdefa, That nothing herein contained Ml «*teod, or be conftrued id t«teod, to 1m- *h jieaefa, defeat, invalidate, or make void sH Dr any of the Wap and other and former ways or means by laws heretofore eftab- mesas.

Med, for recovering and enforcing' the doe aadfoytneM «f fhe fitft fruits aforewM.

CHAR

Digitized by

Google

A. D.

1789.

The twenty-ninth Tear of George III.

CHAP. XXVII.

An Ad for the better providing for the Repairs of Churcbes9 and the Rejuience of the Clergy.

Preamble.	HE RE AS applotmcnts of pari fh ccfles for the

* * repair of parifh churches, chapels, and other ne-ceffary charges belonging to fuch churches and chapela within this kingdom, are required to be fubferibed by the minifter, church-wardens, and three of the protellant pa-rifhioners: and whereas the faid church-wardens frequently omit, negleft, or refufe to fign the fame, whereby the faid cedes cannot be levied, nor the faid church-wardens fued for not levying the fame, and thereby churches frequently fall into decay : be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and w ith the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fi	evei7	applotment	which	(hall	be	figned by the miniftet or

ter fcc. deemed curate of the parifh, and three protefbnt parishioners at good.	leall,	(hall be good and valid in law, to all intents and pur-

poses whatfoever, although the church-wardens (hall not have figned the fame, and that the faid church-wardens (hall be bound to levy the money applotted, though the applotment (hould not be figned by them, or either of them, in like manner as if the faid applotment had been figntcj by them, and (hall be liable to the fame penalties for neglefting or»refufing to levy the fame, as if faid applotment had been figned by them.

21 Sc 1% G II- And whereas doubts have arifen whether the aft of • ^ c	*	the	twenty-firft	and	twenty-fecond	years of his prefent Ma-

jefty’s reign, entitled, An ad to oblige church-wardens to account purfuant to an ad for the better keeping churches in re-pair, ami to make the cathedra, church of Ferns the parijb church of the parifh of Ferns, doth apply to fuch churchwarden or church-wardens, as is, are, or (hall be appointed by the ordinary of the diocefe, in purfiiaixe of the canons of the church of Ireland ; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every clanfe, matter, and thing in the faid recited aft contained, do and (hall apply to fuch churchwarden and church-wardens in like manner as they do to church-wardens duly chofen in veftry.

III.	And whereas it frequently happens that there are po glebes in parifhes or unions, whereon glebe-houfes might and ought'to be built for the refidcnce of the incumbents

2	thereof:

*

The twenty-ninth Tear of George III.

thereof : and whereas in many inftances there arc glebes in parifhes contiguous thereto, or within a fmall diftance thereof, which can be well fpared, and which would con-ftitute convenient glebes for the laid parifhes wherein there are none ; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in all fuch cafes the glebe or glebes of any parifh, or any part of fuch glebe or glebes may be annexed for ever to a contiguous parifh or union, or to a parifh or union, at a fmall diflance from the parifh in which the fame lie, with the . confent and approbation of the archbifhop of the province, and the bifliop of the diocefe, certified under their hands ajid feats, and with the confent of the refpeclive patrons and incumbents, certified in like manner under their hands and feals, and attefled by two or more credible witnefles, and that fuch rent fhall be paid for the faid glebe or glebes, or parts of glebes, by the incumbent of the parifh or union to which the fame fhall be annexed and united, and his fucceflbrs, as fhall be appointed by the bifhop of the diocefe, with the confent of the refpective patrons and incumbiances, fignified under their hands and feals.

IV And be it further enabled. That all unions of glebes, or parts of glebes, which fhall hereafter be made as aforefaid, by virtue of this ad, and fhall be annexed and united to other parifhes or unions, for the purpofe of ereding glebe-houfes thereon, fhall be good, firm, and valid in law, and that the faid gleb s, or fuch part there-„of, as fhall be lb annexed and united, fhall be always deemed and taken to be the glebe or glebes of the parifh or union to which the fame fhall be fo annexed and united, .to all intents and purpol'es whatfoever; and that the incumbents of the parilhes or unions to which the fame fhall be. fo annexed and united, and their lucccflbrs fhall hold and enjoy the fame, in as full and ample manner, to •all intents and purpofes, as if fuch portions of glebes had been always holdcn and enjoyed, as the glebes belonging to faid parifhes or unions, any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further, ena&ed, That all proceedings relative to the union and divifion of glebes, as hereby authorized, fhall be regiflertd in the office of the regifler of the diocefe, in which the faid glebes fhall happen to lie, and fhall be entitled to receive the fum of two (hillings and fix pence for the regiftry of each inftrument.

Glebes of one parifh may be annexed for * ver to a contiguous parifh, with contort of archbilhop.

Such union fh ill be good is law.

Proceedings

regiflered.

26 A. D.

Amended 39 O. 3. c. sj.

Recital of 97 G. 3. c.32.

clerks of the awm— immee

(hall (M^iiic in the eftreatt, all fines impofed as hertin.

Ti$ twentj~mntb Tear of George 1U.

CHAP xxvm.

Jtn j/Bto amend an M faffed in tin Twenty fft*ventb Tear of Hit Moj eft ft feign* ir tilled, An Act for the better CaJ-teffimtf 1 Wu Majeftft ft:umue arijtng from borfeiUd Re* cognttumcrs, and to txtenUibt Pro<utfurns thereof

WHEREAS by ibiA paTTcd in this kingdom in the twenty feventh yeir of hia Majcfty% reign, for the more effo&tiaUy cofle&ing hh Majcfty's revenue ar$ng from recognizances forfeited by perfons bound for the pro-fccotton or appearance of perfons charged wfrh criminal of. Fence a, or for keeping the peace, it is ena&ed, That it lboukl be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief go* senior or governors of this kingdom for the time being, from time to time, to nominate and appoint in each county at large, county of a city, or comity of a town in this kingdom, a proper perfon to coiled and levy within fneft county, county of a city, or county of a town for wbidh he (herald be fo appointed, all recognizances forfeited by perfons rtfidmg, or having goods or lands within the fame refpe&rvely, and who were bound by fuck recognizances for the appearance or profccution of perfons charged with criminal offences? or for keeping the peace 5 and tnar every foch perfon fhonld be called colle&or of forfeited recognizances within the county, county of a city, or county of a town, for which be (hould he fo appointed : and whereas it will tend to the furtherance of juft ice, and to the improvement of his Majcfty's coiual revenue, if the fines herein after mentioned be levied by fuch collector*, and the mode of iffuing and returning the green wax pro-cefa be altered : be it therefore ena&ed by the King's moll excellent Majcfly, by and with the advice and epafent of the lords fpintual and temporal, and commons in this prefen t Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the feveral clerks at the crown and peace throughout this kingdom (hall, in the eftreats which in, and by the faid recited aft they are dire&ed return and file in his Majefty’s court of exchequer, to be kept in the office of the comptroller of the pipe, comprize all fines which (hall be impofed at every aflizes, commrflioo of oyer and terminer, and general gaol delivery, and feflions of the peace refpedively, on juflices of the peace, fheriffs, per-ions fummoned on juries, coroners, fenefchalf, high, chief, jpatty, «nd fub-conitables, bailiffs and overfeers appointed x	by

The twenty-ninth Tear qf George III,

•by prefentments for overfeeing public works, for negle&s, f>r onaiffione of their refpc&ive duties, and alio on all persons f«c contempts in she face of the court, who fhall not be commuted for the fame, (svt e«dy, and except fuch fines and amerciaments a6 (hall be impofed at fuch affizes, com-aaiffiona of oyer and terminer, and general gaol delivery, sad fdfioas of ihe pence io any county of a city, and county of o towo, to which the corporation of fuch county of a city, or county of a town is entitled, in right of the charter or chariest thereof.

II	And 4*«t toadied, What the fevered deifcs of nifi ^rias throughout this kingdom fh«U, on the firft day of a scry Eafter nod Michadmas term, return into the court of exchequer, -to he kept m the faid office of the comptroller of the pipe, e&reate of all hoes which fhaH have been impofed mt the fevend fittings of mfi print, held in, and for the city ond county of XMdin, and at every affixes, upon perfone famaonrdoa Juries, iaee asaforefaid.

fill. And be k cna&ed. That the comptroller of the pipeihaUthereupon ifuc the fecond fumvnons of the pipe for the levying of all fums of money contained in fuch eftreats, fave as atorefaid, out of the goods, bodies and lands of the rafpe&ive debtors, named in fuoh procefs, and fuch procefs Audi be dire&cd to the fcveral colle&ovs of counties, counlice of cities, and counties of towns refpe&ivdy, in which th* feveral debtors appear rcfpc&iveiy to refide.

IV.	And be it ena&ed, That fuch procefs fhallbe iffued by the comptroller of the pipe within ten days after the end of every Hilary and Trinky terms, and fhall be re-tinrtiuuk rcfpc&iirely on the firft return day of the next fid* lowing Hilary and Trinky terms, that is to fay, fuch pro-ceu as (hall hi iffued after every Hilary term, fhall be returnable on the firft return day of the eniuing Hilary term; and fuch proods as fliall be iffued after every Trinity term fhall be returnable on the firft return day of the entiling Trinity term, any thing io the faid recited a& to the contrary notwithftanding ; and fuch procefs fhall and may, from time to time, be renewed and ifiucd as often as occafion fh?U

. require, and fliall be delivered to the collectors refpcAively, within the times, and in tht manner as directed, and prescribed in, and by the (aid recited aft.

V.	.And be it enaded, That the laid feveral cofleftort ftaB have the fame powers to levy the fines to be comprifed in fuch procefs, and to commit to the cuftody of fhertfis the bodies of fuch perfons as fhall be arrefted for fuch fines as are already granted to them by the faid recited ad, with TcfpeSt to forfeited recognizances, and with the like reftric-tioos, and every Jkeriff to whofie cuftody any petfen (hall

be

Clerks of mfi prius to return nnea. See. to comptroller of the pipe.

Comptroller of the pipe to iffuc fecond fudUAom.

Procefs to bo iffued and re* turnable as herein.

Collectors to have powers of commit til, dec as by 2*; G. c. 3a. dec.

2?

A. D.

1789. Chap. 28.

Colle&or to account lor fines, as by 27 G. 3. c. 32.

Sum* nihifer! to be tranlir.it-ttd to fecnnd rtrnembruiiccr of corn t»>f cx hequer, &c.

Sheriff* to be allowed 2s. £d. on every 20s. levied by him, &c.

Judges to have power of difeharging perform, Uc,

The twenty-ninth Tear of George 111.

be fo committed for fuch fines, fhall be anfwcrablc in the fame manner as is fpecified in the faid recited act, with rt-fpeft to peri'ons committed to them for recognizances forfeited.

VI And be it enafted, That every fuch colleftor to whom fuch procefs fhall be delivered, (hall make return thereon, and account for the hues to be comprized therein, in Like manner and fubjeft to the like penalties, as is prescribed ia the faid recited aft, in refpeft of forfeited recognizances4 and the clerk of the pipe Hiall comprize in the debit of every fuch colleftor, the amount of the feveral fines levied by him, and Hiall allow every fuch colleftor the fame poundage on fuch fums, as Hiall be actually levied By him ia refpeft of fuch fines, and ou fuch fums, as any perfon or perfons fhall have been committed by fuch collector, to any fheriff or fheriffs, as by the faid recited' aft is direfted, in refpeft to recognizances forfeited; and every fuch colleftor fhall pay the amount of fuch money as fhall be comprized in fuch debit, in the fame manner, and at the fame times as #arc prescribed by the faid recited aft.

VII- Aud be it enafted, That the feveral fums nihiled by fuch return, fhall be transmitted to the fecond remembrancer of the faid court of exchequer, who fhall ifiuc the ufual procefs of his office to the fheriff of each county, county of a city, and county of a town, for levying the amount of every fum fo nihiled as aforefaid, in the fame manner as fucli procefs was if hied before paffing the faid recited aft, which procefs fhall be returnable on the firfl return day of the next following Hilaiy term, and Hiall and may be renewed and iflued, as ofteu as occafion fhall require, and every fuch fherifF Hiall make return thereof, on palling his accounts in the court of exchequer, according to the ufual courfe of pafliug fheriffs accounts on the procefs of the green wax.

Vllk And be it enafted, That the clerk of the pipe in making out a debit of the money with which any fheriff fhall be chargeable on the faid procefs, to be iflued in purfuance of this aft, fhall allow to every fuch fheriff the fum of two {hillings and fix-pence, on every twenty fhillings which fhall have been aftually levied by him ; and alfo the fum of one fhilling on every tw’enty fhillings for which any perfon or pei foils fluill be returned by fuch fheriff to be in his cuf-tody.

IX. And be it enafted, That the judges of aflifee on their circuits, fhall have power by warrant under their hands, to difeharge any perfon committed by the colleftors and fheriffs refpeftively, for fines or forfeited recognizances, if fuch judges (hall, upon examining in a fummary manner into

the

77t twentyTear of George III.«

29

\Wc circumftances of the Cafe, think .fuch perfohs proper bb*. A. D. of compaflion, either by reafon of their poverty, or 1788. fome favourable circumftances appearing therein, which war- Chap. 38. rant, upon being hied with the clerk of the pipe, fhall be	'*

an acquittance to# the fherifF or colled! or for the fum for which the perfon difeharged thereby was in cuftody.

X. And be it enadted, That no colledfor or other perfon, Collector dc-employed in levying or coUe&ing any the faid debts, or nunding fee, or fums of money, fhall take, aflc or receive any fee, gratuity, not acc,,untirl£ or reward whatsoever, of the perfon orperfons liable to pay the fame, or of any other perfon for, or upon pretence of ble damages, fuch levying or colle&ing \ and in cafe any colledor fhall nihil, or not duly anfwer to the crown, any debt, or fum of money which fhall have been levied, colle&ed, or received by fuch colle&or, filch collector for every fuch offence fhall forfeit treble damages to the party aggrieved, and double the fum nihiled, and not duly anfwered as aforefaid, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, which faid damages and penalty fhall be ordered, decieed and given by the court of exchequer, on complaint and proof of fuch abufe as afore-ffcid, made and exhibited before the barons of the faid court, in fuch fummary way and method, as to them fhall feem meet ; and in cafe any colle&or or other perfon fhall prefume to demand, take, or receive any fum or fums of money whatfoever, be the fame more or lefs, of any perfon whomfoever, from whom any debt or fum of money if, or fhall be due, or payable to the crown by procefs, out of the court of exchequer, for, or in refpedl, or upon pretence of executing the faid procefs, or for, or in refpedl, or upon pretence of fees due to them, or any of them, for colle&ing or receiving the fame ; or if any collector	<

or other perfon aforefaid, fhall demand, take, or receive any fum or fums of money whatfoever, for not levying, or forbearing to levy, any debts or fums of 'money which are, or fhall be due to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-cefTors, and written out to them, or any of them, by the procefs aforefaid, in all and every fuch cafe, every perfop fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convi&ed, fhall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be guilty of extortion ; and every fuch perfon being thereof lawfully convlSted, fhall forfeit for every fuch offence treble damages and cofts, to the party aggrieved, and double the fum fo extorted, all w:.ich damages, cofcs, and penalties fhall be ordered, decreed, and given by the barons of the court of exchequer, upon complaiift and proof of fuch extortion, made and exhibited before them in fuch fummary wfay and method as to them (ball ftem meet, provided fuch convidion be had and

made

JO	Tbetwmfj tiuA Tmraf Cetfrgt IIE

A. IX vmkr within two jwi after (Ml offence dromfifle#, aid

17^9. not otherwifes Chap. aft. XI. And be it eua&ed, That whatever Orders amri do* erect (hell be made be the baron* of the exchequer for cote, Cofb and da- damages, and penalties in the cafe* aforementioned, or anj* ate. how Qf	j„	fuch funJmary way and method Me Hereto Ito&ie

lencd.	ditefted and preferibed, (hall hare the fat** dftdb and fcWcc

to all intent* and purpofe* ao any other order or (fefcror Of the fame court; and the (aid ewftt, damages, and penalties (hall be raided and leafed by fueh proem, W*yt, artd methods ware ufed in the (aid court t6 enforce a eomphaned with any other orders or decrees of the fame court, tn cafe of XU. And be it enacted, That If aify aftion upon the adion at herein, CMfc, trefpafc, battery, or faKe imprifomertt (hah be brought detadant may ^ainfe any foch collc&or as afore faid, ot any other perfon rai ilToe.6 *tnC* OT P®1^®1*8 who in his aid or afltftanee, ot by hfe commandment (hall do any thing touching hit afbrefaid ofllee, or fee or concerning any matter, eaufe, or thing by them, or any of them, done byresfon thereof, it (hall be lawful for the defendant or defendants in eeory fuck a&lon, to plead thereunto the general iflhe of not guilty, and to gfae the fpetud matter in evidence to the jury who (hah try the fame 5 and if upon fueh tVkl a verdift (hall be had for fuch drfendanl or defendants, or if the defendant or defendants (hall have judgment upon demurrer, or if the plaintiff or pbuntifft therein (hall be nonfuited, or fuflfer any difcontfnuance thereof, that in every fuch cafe the defendant Or defendants (hall hare his or their double eofts, which he or they (hah hare fuftained by reifon of fuch aftiou or' fuit, for which the (aid defendant or defendants (hall hare like remedy as in #	other cafe* where coft* by law are given to the defendant.

XIII.	And be it enafdted, That clerks of the crown and clerks of the peace, to whom it belongs to mike returns of eftrrat*’ into the exchequer, may, in the place of the oath prefcrlbed by the faid a6t of the twenty ferenth year of hir prefcnt Mnjefty, take and fahfcnbe the oath following, that it to lay.

Oath ufed by ekrk* asking returns of cf-treats, inftetd of that in *7 Q. 3. c. 3 a.

I	do/wear, tfsat tktfi efred4s, now

ty mi fnhfirihod, art truly and'eareffa made up and examined* md that mil Jims, i/fies* and amerciaments, recognizances mmd fbefintures* avhich metre fit, lo/f, impofid, or forfeited, and in right and dm eourfi of law ought to he efireated in the court if exchequer, are, to the hefl of my knowledge% under-/landing* and belief; therein contained ; and t&ht in th: fium itreats are alfi contained and expre/fid all fuch finer as have been paid into the coart, from which the faid e fir fats &kve hen made, without any fraudulent or wilful difebarge, cm if*

far..

TbeU

*r*L Ttar tf George III.

fion*	w	dofi&	mhmtfitmerr	mndrbm* I

or alisr9 or taufior confint to U ernjhd or aitmd Amfi tfiHMf, er any part tborsjf.

WVuck faid otftba GomoWflboer for taking affidavit# tn the Commiffi-

faid court of exchequer is Weby empowered to «h*mificrv oner for caking

from time ta» time, ir> the prefence of two juftice* of the	'#d*

peace for the county or place where fuck oath AaB be ^hasherem.]

taken, and the laid cotnmifiioner and juftaoc* fh*k fckforihe

the faid oath, aod the (aid clerk of the crown or clerk of

the peace (halt, in the prefence of the faid cxnnaitffioner and

juilices, carefully feal up the faid eftrex*i in m paper cover,

and (hall affix his Teal thereto, and the faid commtAonar

and juft ices (hall alfo affix their feals thereto, and the faid

clerk of the crown or clerk of the peace (hall orefe tlnr

(aid eftreata fo felled up* to be carefully delivered into the

faid court of exchequer.

XIV.	And be it ena&cd. That the faid eftreata (hall not be received in the faid court of exchequer, unlefa at the made that time of delivering the fame in the faid court, oath (hall be eftreetvheve made therein by the perfon who (hall have received the fame ^bccn abw* from the faid clerk of the crown or clerk of the peace, for the ^ Dtt purpofa of delivering the fame into faid' court, that the eftreats, or any of them, have not been opened or aimed fince the fame were fo received for the purpofc afore-(kid.

CHAP. XXX.

An A3 fit prewnting tht Commijjion of Wnftton tki fivtni Commons in this Kingdom*

FOR prerenting the commiffion of wafte on the fevem) Amended 3r common* in this kingdom, be it ena&ed by the King's G. 3, c. 38. moft excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and coafent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this

Erefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the ime, That if any perfon (hall, from and after the palling Penalty $1. of this ad, (kin or otherwife deftroy the furface of any on (kinaing or fuch common, or any part thereof, every perfon fo offend- deftroying the ing (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five °* com pounds.

It. And be It ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful Perfont con-to 2nd for aoy juftice of the peace in any county in which vi&edon oath, fuch offence (hall be committed, upon complaint made to ®*c- ^ore him, to fummoa any perfon or perfon* agaiaft whom fuch *£j^f

complaint 9 ^	9

Digitized by

**

The twenty-mirth Tear ef George III.

' One moiety to informer, other to poor of the pariftj.

The furface of heathy ground, See. may be taken away.

Pigs grazing on commons without rings in their nofes, penalty 5s.

complaint (hall be made, to appear before him ; and if any

fuch perfon or perfons, after notice given to him or them to appear as aforefaid, (hall be convi&ed before fuch juftice of the peace of any fuch offence, by the oath, of one or more credible witnefs, every fuch perfon (haD forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch offence, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of every fuch perfon fo con-vi&ed, fuch diflrefs and fale to be made by warrant of the juftice before whom fuch perfon (hall have been convi&ed ; and if a fufficient diftrefs (hall not be found to anfwer fuch peaalty, then, and in that cafe, fuch juftice (hall commit every fuch perfon who (hall have been fo convi6led to the common gaol of the county in which fuch perfon (hall have been fo convi&ed, for any time not lefs than one calendar month, nor more than three calendar months.

III.	And be it enacted, That every fuch penalty, when it fhallbe levied, (hall he paid, one moiety to the perfon who (hall make fuch complaint, the other moiety to the poor of the pari fit.

IV.	Provided always, and be it cna&ed, That nothing herein contained {hall extend, or he conftrued to extend to prohibit the cutting and carrying away the furface of heathy, mountainous, or moory ground, which has been heretofore ufed as fuel.

V.	4nd be it enadted, That from and after the palling of this a6t, it (hall not be lawful for any perfon to drive or fuffer pigs to graze on any common, unlefs fuch pigs (hall have tings or ftaples in their nofes, fufficient to prevent them from rooting up or deftroying the furface of fuch common ; and if any pig or pigs (hall be found on any fuch common without fuch ring or ftaple as aforefaid, it lhall and may he lawful for any perfon to feize and impound fuch pig or pigs in the pound next adjoining to Inch common, until the owner or proprietor of fuch pig or pigs

(hall pay five (hillings for every pig fo impounded, to the perfon or perfons who (hall have fo feized and impounded fuch pig or pigs.

CHAP.

fK5r {WttffrnUth Tear of George IH.

Q H A P. XXXI.

Ail for the more, ejfe&uf typforj of the Linen Manufaf-’ t ire in the fevered Counties bar tiering * on houghn/agb, by making a Communication bet ween the Jaid foughf t^i.i ti<e Collieries at Oruwglcj's in the Canny of Tyrone,

WHEREAS by an acl paffijd, in this kingdom ij the t^^y-^Uyyrar’ of his pr^nt Majdty, entitled. An ait.for continuing the encouragement given by former acts if parliament for promoting ajid carrying on, inland navigations this kingdom, levelal dutje^ were granted for the ipace uf twenty one years, from the twenty fifth of March, oiye thoufand feven hundred and eighty fix, to, be applied i« fuch manner as fiiould be thereafter direfted by parliament: and whereas the: inland navigation vyhg-h, has been made 'from Loughneagh towards the collieries at Druingl^fs in the county of Tyrone, caaqot be carried forward tQ.pruntglafj, without a very great e^pence* and a communication csyi be made at a fmall expenpe from the head of the faid »4-vigatiou to the collieries,, by a tra^k w^y, or waggon way, which would anfwer all tpe purpofes of, a navigation, by. giving a cheap, fufllcient, and ready conveyance for the coals; be it ena&ed by tfie Ring’s moil excellent M4-jefly, by and with the advice and confenf of the lords fpiritual and temporal, ^tfid commons in this pjefei\t Parliament aflembled, and 6y the authority of the fame, Thftt fo foon as the feveral debentures which have been iffued at liis Majefty’s treasury, pa) able out of the faid duties, (hall be discharged and paid off, together with all ijiterell due 'thereon, there (hall be paid by the vice-treafuj-er or vice-treafurers, his or their deputy or deputies, out of the Turk produce of faid duties, until John Staples and Janies Caulfield, efquires, t^e fum of t*^o th^ufand pounds, without any further or bther warrant ktp be had, fued, foy, or obtained in that behalf, to be by them applied in making ak track way or waggon way from the faid coUierie^ to t^e laid liavigation.. / •*	,	'	I	fi-

ll. Provided always That before faid. fum of two thou-fand pounds be paid, the (aid John Staples and Jamps Caillfidd fh^ll enter, utto a recognizance before. <J\e hs^us of'his Majefty*a court of oxchequer, in the penalty of four thoufand pounds, that they the laid John Staple* or James * Caulfield (Kail within two yeap from the dat* thereof, com-

ixr . \ r

f*

Preamble. 26 G. 3 c.

38.

Inland n»vi?» from Loe^h Nt^igh. 10 Drumglal* colliery cupeii* five.

aoool. to be paid fpr making a track way.

Track w*y

to be «.ou. in 2 ycai».

Digitized by

54	W*	tnventymntb Tear of George IVL

4. D. pleat a good and fufficient track way or waggon way from 1789. the faid collieries to the faid navigation.

HI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That

Cook to be all and every perfon or perfons who fhall work any cd-foiduackway ^**7 in ^arony Dungannon, (hall ha*e full liberty for themfelves, and all perfons bringing coals firom their collieries to convey the fame along the faid track way or waggon way in carriages, fimilar to thofe which (hall from time to time be made ufe of by the (aid John Staples an<$ James Caulfield, and their heirs and aihgnr., for conveying; their coals thereon, fuch perfon or perfons paying from time to time fuch a proportion of ^he expences attending the repair of fuch track way or waggon way, as (ball be afeertafoed and determined by the corporation appointed by aft of parliament, to direft and manage the Tyrone navigation.

T. Staples and IV. And be ft further enafted by the authority aforc-J.CjulfteMeo	Th3t	they the faid John Staples and James Caulfield/

!pr faidCt»dk- fl»U have aQ and fingular the powers and authorities foi' way.	purchafing the ground neceflary for fiich track way or

waggon way, as w'ere veiled in the late corporation for prompting and carrying on inland navigations ih this kingdom, and that if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully injure or deflfoy the fame, or deal, or forcibly, or otherwife car-] ry away without due authority, any part of the timber or iron, or other material ufed therein, every fuch perfon fo offending, fhall be liable and fubjeft to all the pains and penalties to which any perfon is or may be liable or ftlbjeft to, for injuring or deftroying or Sealing any part of any lock or flood gale ere&ed on any canal or navigation in this kingdom.

A public adb	VI And be it further enafted by the authority aforc-

faid. That this, aft be deemed*and taken, and is hereby* declared to he a public aft.

£ H A P, XXXII^

jta Aiifottbe Promotion and PnCovragciKpiP Inland IfavSr

' £*0:*- * ■ ’’ *

AfcrtdeJ TX/HER.EAS^y an	tie	tWrdy«r of.

$0 G. 3 e. to. V y ’the reigto of his lute Majeuy George the fccond,ei*-

30	G. 3. c. *7. titled, An ait for the encouragement of' tillage^ ann fatter emL G J e *i*- pl°JmtA '/the foot; and afo for the more effectual putting fa

31	if. 3 c. *3! execution an afy entitled. An to encourage the draining

3* 9’ 3. c* 1 y* Antftoviry of bogs and unprofitable loan ground* i and for eafiig ‘	* ‘ 'k	*	*	‘	*	'	and

Digitized by CjOOQle



7%e tooenty+mtb Tear of George IIL

0od chairs, ana upon cards and dice, and open wrought and

wtmuififlured gold andfilter plait, imported ion or made in

/miarndy for the purpoftt therein mentioned; and oljofr repad'nr

the duties payable upon the exportation of wool, (ay yarn, and

noneHon yarn, out of this kngdom for England, the fcvcral du-

ftfcfei eonefas, chariots, berlins, calafbes,chaifes, cards, dice,

ad tpon a!! wrought and manufactured gold and filver plate,

am granted for the term of twenty one years, and hare

been continued by fereral fubfequent afts, to the twenty fifth

day of H*rch, one thoufand feten hundred and eighty fix:

sttd arhmfts by aa aft pa fled in the twenty filth year of

jMrltigdftyV reign, entitled. A t at? for continuing the encou-

ragtmam given by former ails of parliament for promoting a'A	(A	dh

Hurrying on inland navigations in this kingdom, it was cna&cd, QCOt y a S®*

That the faid fereral duties fhculd be, and were thereby eon*

tinned for the fpace of twenty one years, from the twenty

fifth dav of March, one thoufand fevea hundred and eighty

fa, to be raifed, collected, levied, and paid to yourMajcfty,

year heirs and fucceflors, by fuch ways and means, and in

inch manner and form, as were appointed and direfted by

the faid recited aft, or by any other law then in force, for or

in refpeft of the duties payable on the faid fereral articles, to

be applied in fuch manner as fhould thereafter be direfted by

parliament t and whereat by an aft paled this pnefent feffion . . ^ ^

of parliament, entitled, An a£lfbr granting unto his Meyejly, his qJ^j.

heirs and Juceefirs, certain duties upon carriages, it is amongft pgrt of *6 Goo,

other things enafted. That fo much of the laid aft pafied in j. repeal**:

the twenty fixth year of your Majcfty’s reign, as continued

the faid duties upon coaches, chariots, berlins, calafhes, chai-

Jet, and chairs, from the twenty fifth day of March, one

thoufand feren hundred and eighty nine, until the twenty

fifth day of March, one thoufand feren hundred and ninety,

be repealed j and it h hj (aid laft recited aft further enafted.

That in lieu of the duties thereby difoontinued as aforefkid, the Ann of two thoufand fix honied and thirty fire pounds , fiiallbc paid out of the produce of the faid duties by the fpd rmrp^S as sftgwufttt4, and fie applied in fuch manner as the faid duties, herein, by the faid recited aft difcontinued, were to be paid and applied s and whereas the annual fums arifing from the faid du» ties hare been infoffictent to complete the different aarigatk on*, for the carrying on of which applications hare been Made to parliaatent and it will he expedient, and would tend to effectuate the purpofes of faid recited afts fbr the encouragement of tillage, if debentures were iffued bearing, an in* tfreft after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, debentures as

Qa

and 4 per cent, to

Digitized by

Google

$1-

A.

C)»p. 33.

tmdertaker* of inland navigations, ficc. . *

fych pirti of

*6 Qio 3. c. 38. as herein,

fcpeakd;

Sums granted for navigation <j£ the river, Barrow, Shan-$0*V&c. as herein. •<*

Tkr*uinJ$-*Mtb Teaf tf Ccprge llj*

and. granted to the undertakers, fuJ>fcrlbcrvor bodies rate, for the carrying on the navigations under ccit^ conditions and ndtpaious herein- mentioned,* apd to,a cqgii^ amount^ ip lieu of £aiyl ylutics, pad thaj^.the Cajd dutic^ik granted fhpuld ceafe from ^nd after t|ie twenty fqpith day ^ Juf»d ne*t: be it therefore enabled by the King’s moil Celient Sdajetty, by and with tne advice and cimfent of lords fpintual and temporal, and commons in this prefeat* P.arliarnent affemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That* fo much of the faid aft pafled in the twenty fixth year of your-, Majeity’s reign as continues the faid duties qn cards, dice, • and upon all wrought and manufactured gold and hlver plaiei! aud upon coaches, chariots, berlins, calalhes, chaifes,' a*4% chairs, (hall frbn} and after the twenty fourth day of juntonc, theudand feven hundred and eighty nine, be,aadrti*t fanie i*. hereby abfolutely repealed,	-

~I1 And be it furtheb enafted, That debentures to ihe amount of twenty thdofand pounds, bearing an intereft afteif the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, be ifliied u> fpeh perfonsas (halt become undertakers for completing the.' navigation of the river Barrow, purfuant to their petition pr*i fented to the hoitfe of commons this feflibu of parliament ;a*L that debentures to' thVamount of eight thoPfand three him-’ dred pounds, bearing alike intcrefy, be	to	fuch	perfons

os are or fhall be undertakers for compleating the navigation of the met Shatmbn, from Limerick to‘ Killaloe,’purfuant to their petition prefented ttrthe houfe of commons thisfefli^ on of parliament ; and that debentures the amount of fifty feveti thoufahd one hundred pounds, bearing a like interelt* be iffued to “the company of undertakers of the grand caaaL for compleating a navigation from the grand canal to the «A' ver Shannon, at or near the town of Banagher, pvrfuant to their petition prefented to the houfe of commons this feflion of parliament \ and' that debenture's to' the amount of ten thoufand pounds, bearing alikeinteteft, be llfued to thecawi-pany of undertakers of the grand canal, for com pleating a navigation from the grand canal to the river Li^Fcy by, Ac Circular road, purfuinytO theiwpetition prefented to the hbufe hf commons this prefeht ieflioa df parliament; ahd fhat debentures to the amount of fixty-fvx thoufand pounds, bearing alike intereft,*l>e iffued to fach perfypsae are or (hillbe pa-dertakefs- for compleating a navigable canal from* Dublin' td Tarmortbuty, or the river Shannon; purfuant to their petition prefented to the botdeof commons thistlei^on of parliament; and that debentures to the amount of twelve thoufand fire hundred pounds, bearing a like intereft, be iftiied to fuch persons as are or fhatibc undertakers for compleating a f&vigati-•n from Drogheda to Trim, purfuant to their petition pres.

Digitized by

to

3RL- triMrtf-ifrJb ¥tar ^(Seofgeilf.

frrrix^ t6 the houfe of commons this feflion of parliament; JE. d.

hnd that debentures to the amount of fourthoufand pounds,

hearing alike intereft, be iflhed to the corporation appointed ^fiap. *£3.

ty aft nf parhartient Fof protnotiit^ and carrying on the New- *	*---~ “J

ry navigation, for Repairing an4 improving the faid canal, pur-flrant to a petition prefented to the hbijje of commons this retiion of parliament ; and that debentures to the aihount of' two thoufand font Hundred pounds, bearing a like intereft, be lffued to the county of Kildare canal company; for completing a navigable Cimal from OfHerftfimi to Naas, prirfiiant to their petition prefented to the houle of commons this feflioti bf parliament; and that debentures to the amount of three thoufand three hitndred pounds, bearing a like intfrreft, be Jflued to the faid County of Kildarfc canal Company, for making A canal fretn Ofberitbwn canal to Kilciilien, puHuant to theif petition prefented to the houfe of commons this feflion of parliament; and that debentures to the amount of five thoufand one Hundred pounds;bearing alike intereft; be ifTued to fuch ptrfons as afe or flia^l becoifre undertakers for completing a navigable cardl from Behitrbet by iJough-Erneto thefea, purfii* fnt to their petition prefented to the houfe of commons this feflion of parliament; whlfch fr.id fever?.! debentures fhall be iffu- debenture! to cd to tHc fevrfal undertakers, fubferibers, and companiesrefpec- he ifTiied to Odd ffvely, f object to the fevCtul conditions, limitations, and rc- fubic^tocon-

lHctions hetein after mentioned.	---

* III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained ftal! extend, or be conifcrued to extend, to ratify or confirm the terms llntCd in the faid fcveral petitions refpedtively, in fhch particulars as are varied by this a&.

IV. .And be it further cna&cd, That fuch debentures thisadh fiall not be iffued before the twenty fifth day of March, Said debenture thoufand {even hundred and ninety, for any greater euresnpttobe fim in the whole than twenty five thoufand pounds / and iflisM Wore 4t$ after the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven Mar 17^0,fta Hundred and ninety, that fuCh debentures fh*ll not be iffued in rfny one year for the purpofes herein mentioned, for any	9

greater fum than the fiuri of twenty five thotifand pounds * - •	-

iti the whole, but in cafe application (hall be tnade withiri Ay one year for debenture*., er.-ceding rhe whole fu:h firm of twenty five thoufand pounds b|* perfons entitled tinder this a£t to receive the fame, fuch perfons fo supplying, fhall be entitled to receive fuch debentures in the 1‘ub-fcqirent yertr, according to the priority of time in which ftich applications for debentures were made by them reflectively.

‘ V. Provided always, That it fhall and may be lawful for

faid fcveral

dieion as herein*'

Sujrh terms in faid petition* not ratified, aS are varied bf

the lord lieutenant general, or other chief governor of this 4-	kingdom

Lord lieutenant may a*-

r

$1	ft?	tmmqpdaA	Tm

4- O Wafrfoff, far the tine being, to aetbonze the 178$. farct or Tiae-trcaAues, paymallcr o» {uynafterfr-gcacrat hie Chap. }jp or their deputy or depotk*, to ifTu* drbtouww far » far# '—*'“*''*—* tW fan ip any ok jeer, not enewtSqg tea thgeftni oooi«4a.

H	*lw*p, and be itenafted. That no da.

lor * fum not brutuiw (hall be iflued, tnd that mo fuch grants (kall be exceeding slade to any fuch fublcribcrs, undertaker** or bodies eor« jo.oocI many pocau, uakU fuch fubferibers, undertaker*, or bodies cor* ^^Sobferiber* foutt, (hall a&oallj hav* capeadcd of their proper moeep soc entitled to 9& the navigation under their management rcfpcftivclp debenture* ua- aoabU the urns which they (hall demanoof the publkk »•-

^hferiber*, undertakers, or bodies corporate bk^sthey rqpe^ivdy, (hall not be entitled to receive a debent ore or demand. debenture* for any fum of the publick money on til proof (bajl be made by or on behalf of fuch fubferiben, vndertakerv or bodies corporate rcfpcftirely, before the commUEamcrM of smprtft account* of the expenditure of a fam amounting to double the him for which fuch fubferiben, oudertakers.

or bodita corporate rcfpc^irely, (hall demand one or more r . . - debenture* purfuant to thi* aft, it being the true intent and meaning of this aft, that fuch fubfcriber*, undertakers, or bodice corporate refpeftively, (hall aftuaBy have expended of tbeif proper money, a fum m the proportion of twor third* for one-third which they, (hall recefve of the publick moneys apdfacb fubferiben, undemkers, or bodies corporate rcfpeftrvely, fl>aB prove before the faid commiffioaow of impreit account* the expenditure of (had one-third out for which one or more debentures (hall hive iffutd asaroro* (aid, before they (half be entitled to rceeive aay debenture purfuant to this aft, upon any further application for emptying on, or completing feck work*# ftbftrihcm VII. And be it further drafted. That 00 fuch fubferk esdipnfir her* or undertakers refpcfthrdy, (hall he entitled to any fnbSri^jMin	debenture or debentures, or to any benefit whatfoever

die esSoaT	«odcr this aft, who (haQ not have depofited with the go-

bank, lie#	vesper and company of the bank of Ireland, who are here-

by required to receive the feme, one-tenth part of their re-fpeftive fubfer/ptipn* or government fee mitre* for fuch tenth part, or any propoftmn of the fame, fuch fubforrptions re-fpcftmly being double the fum for which foch Lubfcribera or undertaker* vtfpeftSvety are by this aft entitled to receive debentures, and the perfoa* depofiting fuch government /ecurities, (haQ be entitled to receive the intereft payable 6n the fame, fo long a* they (hall remain depofited in ~ the (aid bank, which depofite* (hall be made by foch fiofr-(cribers or undertakers refpeftively, within fix calendar AtHdk* After the bud twenty fourth day of Jane next#*

VIU- Provided

The twly-mntb Tear of George III.

Vlft- Provided always, and be it enabled, Tliat if fneE fubfcribers or undertakers refpeAively, {ball within the faid fix months w&ually efcpend any fum in the carrying on fuch Works; and prove fuch expenditure before the commiffiofler* of impreft accounts; fiich fubfcribtrs and undertakers (hall *f fabfcribers &ave credit for and be allowed fo much in tbcif rtfpe^ivc depofites; bill fiicb fubfcrfbrrs or undertakers refpe&ivcly, tnoaxhM, mQj {hall not be entitled to a debenture pr debentures under this fum inctrryiq# for iny fuch expenditure, until after the expiration of00 fix calendar xaodtht, firwrt the twenty fourth day of June^alWcdht • hcxt'^. ,	.	t	in their dcpofits,

IX.	Ana be it further enisled, That if firth depofite &c. fhall not have been fo made; and if the whole thereof* (hall Depofit not hot be expended as afore faid on fuch works within eighteen	m	**

calendar months after filch depofite fhall have been fo made^ 4 tooiaej foe* that then a ihoiety of fuch depofite, or of fuch part there- fcired. bf as (hall not have been expended on fiich works within fuch time*, (haH be forfeited to his Majelty, his heirs and fuc* teffors*.	*

A. And be ft endued, Thai the governor and company Governor art Jof the faid bank, (hall from time to time repay to the per- company of the Ton or pfcrfona making fuch depofite*, fo much of the fum *s fhall be certified to the faid governor and company by ing^pofitei, the commilHortcr8 of imprefl accounts to have been expend. Sec. ed on fuch works by the perfon or perrons who (hall have made fUch^depofites;

XI.	And be it enabled* If hat fell bodies corporate, who Bodies eorpo.

*re entitled to any benefit under this a&, (hall depofite with me» *c-ro the governor and company 9F the bank of Ireland, who	ban*****

dre hereby required to receive the fame, one-tenth part of t-nthpindT their refpe&ive fubfetiptions or government fccurities for their(ifeftrijtfc* fuch tenth putt, filch fubferiptions refpc&ively being double ans.

the fum for which fuch bodies corporate refpedively arc by this a£t entitled to receive debentures, and fuch bodies corporate depofiting fuch government fccurities, (hall be entitled to receive the intereft payable on the fame, fo long as they (hall remain depofited in the faid bank, which depo* fite (hall be made by fuch bodies corporate refpedively, within eighteen calendar months after the twenty fourth day of June nett.

XII.	Provided always, and be It cn*$dd, That if fuch	eorpo*

bodies corporate refpedively, (hall with& the faid eighteen rate expending months, a&lially expend any fum in the carrying on fuch snv fum in cat* works, and prove fuch expenditure befor^ the faid coromif-

(loners of impreft amounts, fuch bodies corporate (hall have month*/W. to credit for, and be enwfcd to fo much in their refpedive de* he allowed the poGtft and fuch bodies corporate (hall after the expiration feme la their of fix calendar months from the twenty fourth day of June d«p©£ta«

t<woiiy~mnth ^fedr of George ttli

A* IX aext, be entitled to one or more debenture* under tbit I7$& purfuant to the regulations arid relti idions herein before Chap. 33. mentioned, and all Yudi futns of their proper money as they jV>—Ihall hav'fe adually expended in carrying on or completing ,	fuch works, re fpcdivtlyi	,	,

Such bodic* Jfltl. Provided always, and be it further erased. That 5>rP?^tC not no fuch bodies Corporate fhall be entitled to any benefit* Wnrfiu^ho* tmdel. this ad, fave as aforefaid, who fhall not. have depofit* Rave not depo- ed with the governor and company of the bank of Ireland* in bank, either in money or by government feCuritics, or ihall hkve ^c*	id dally expended on fuch works as aforefaid, fuch tenth

•	pJrt of their rrfpedive fubfenjitionsj being the Turn for

/. ' "	which fuch bodies corporate refpedively are by this a&cn*

titled to receive debenture®

If depofit be XlV. And be it further enafled. That if fiich depofite jfotmwfc, tnd fhall not have been made by fuch bodies corporate? pended°in il" an^ ^ *bc whole thereof fhaiil hot be expended as aforetaid months, the on fuch works* within eighteen calendar months after fuch remainder ior- depofite (hall have bccri fo made, that then a moiety of fuch fcitcd*	depofite, or of fuch part thereof, as ihall not have been

%	expended on fuch works within fuch tlehc, Ihall be forfeit*

ed to his Majcfty, his heirs and fucceftorsi •'Ooverrfcr aisd XV. And be it enaded, That the governor and company co of the bank of the faid bank (hall, from time to time, repay to the to repay to per- peffon or perfons fo making Inch depofites refpedively* fo /ofites^fuchprrt ™ucb of tne fame as Ihall be certified to the faid governor thereof as,(hall and company by the cocnmifiioviers of impretl accounts* to ^Certified to have been expended on ftifch work* rerpedively* by the five herh ex- pe, fon or perfons who fhall have made fuch depofites. iZt	* XVI. And whereas the Ibid county of Kildare canal

CSurrv of company have borrowed a fum of five thoufand one hundred canal pounds, which hns beerl expended by them upon the faid company to pet	betweeri Ofberftown and Naas 5 and it is the inten-

lai/fumTuor- turn of this ad that the faid county of Kildare canal com* toWed and ex- pttny fhould have debentures ,fofr one-third pah. of the faid fended-	Turn cf gve thoiffand one hundred pounds, fo borrowed ttnd

expended by them : be it therefore epaded* That it (hall and may be iawful to and for the vide-treafiirer or vice-trea-furers, pay-rnafler or pay-mafters general, his or their de* puty or deputies, within three months after the twenty fourth of Juue next, to ifTue fuch debentures as sforefaid, •—'	lb the faid county of Kildare canal company, fer a fum

not exceeding one thoufand feven hundred pounds, in part 6f the faid fum of tvro thoufand four hundred pounds for which they are entitled to debentures under this ad any *' " • 'thing herein before contained to the contrary nolwithfland-igg# !	•	:

XVlL And

4

A.~ ».

>7^9“

icVu per mile

Tea* of, CJcorgt Jn^;

t .XVII. And be it further ena&ed, TJiat^ no higher tpll*

«ian one penny halfpenny per mile be paid on every ton height of corn, meal, malt, or flour* brought to the city frf Dublin, either on any new canal or navigation made, unproved, or compleated under this a£l, or if partly by ca-	,

oaf *nd partly by land carriage, no greater tplf flmll be charged or paid on the canal carriage only ; and lo loon as Qf corn> &c * the propofed navigations to Limerick and Waterford (hall brought to Dub* be refpeAively compleated, purfuant to the feveral propo- bn, &«• fals of the feveral fub (bribers to faid worlds under this ad, no higher toll than one penny halfpenny per mile (hall be taken on any corn, meal, malt, or flour, brought to Dublin by tlic grand canal, after Laving palled through any of the faid new canals or navigations, the company of undertakers of the grand canal having confented thereto, fo far as relates to them ; provided that luch reft rid ion (hall not aifed torn, meal, malt, or flqur, brought to the city of Dublin by the grand canal, and the river Shannon, which (hall have been laden at a diftancc nearer to Dublin than ten miles below Banagher, nor on corn, meal, malt, or flour, brought by the grand canal and the river Barrow, which (hall have been fo laden St a diftance nearer to Dublin than ten miles below the town of A thy.

. XVIlL And provided alfo, That fuch redudion of toll on Redu&ion on the faid articles to be carried on the grand canal (hall be fo article* a» here-

H' only as no higher proportion (hall be payable on the in- in‘ carriage of corn, meal, malt, or flour, brought to Dublin, than the prefent proportion between inland and fcanal carriage bounty.

XIX.	And be it further epaded, That whatever balances Balance? not pot due to his Majefty may be in the vice-treafureris or col- due to his.Ma-jedor’s hands of die faid tillage duties on the twenty fourth to ap-day of June nefct, and all arrears due thereon (hall be appli- ** herein, cable in the firft in (lance to all charges which now are, or may become due on faid duties; and that for any debt of debts on faid duties remaining unfatisfied on faid day, it (hall and may be lawful for thq vice-trealurcr or vtce-trea-furers, his or their deputy or deputies, to iffue debentures, beating an intereft after die rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to difeharge faid debt or demand.

XX.	And be it further ena&£d, That if the charges on Charges on the faidfumof two hundred thoufand pounds ftcrliog, (hall fumof 200,000k not amount to the whole of the faid fum, the proportion not amounting not applied for (hall be granted to fuch future applications, for the purpofesof navigation only, as (hall meet the appro- tp^irciTfor^jill bation of parliament, and (hall be depofited with the clerk he difpofed of to of the houfe of commons before the firft day of the meet- future arplka*

4*	Tit	twmj	nimh	tour	Qdrp	til-

When fob-ftriher* of any navigations, by

*a of *7 O. 3-

arc-incorporated, they fall be diwftrd oi •U right*, Ik. as herds.

Whenfob-fcribers, &c*are incorporated, they lhall pay •ff all juft debts •ut of the firft •eOtand profiu.

sag o# pkriUmcnt, in the ydr one thott&nd ftrren htuulrcd dad ninety one.

XXI* And be it further eftaded, That lb fdon as the fobfciibers and undertakers of any of the faid navigations on which puhlick Money has been expended, and Which were refpedively put under the xtoanagement of the relpediv* commiffioam named in an ad parted in the twenty lkventh year of his Majefty*s reign, entitled. An aS for dbredaag the OfflUation of the funds granted by far&ametu far proutaftgj dad thtrymg inland navigatknt hi this kingdomi and for the fmrpofts therein mentioned, (hall be incorporated to carry on the fame, ftich comduffioners (hall refpedively Hand diverted of all fuch rights, powers, and authorities, as were verted in them by the (hid ad, and the fame, and every of them, ire hereby vetted in the refpedive fubferibers and undertakers, who (hall be fo incorporated as aforefaid.

XXII. And be it enaded, Thab in all cafes where any fubferibers or undertakers (hall be incorporated for any of the purpofes aforefaid, and (hall thereby become proprietors of any inland navigation or river, on which public money has been expended* and which now it* or arc by the laid ad under the management of the refpedive commiffioners therein named, fuch fubferibers or undertakers fo to be in-

Worki afore laid veiled in Ac fubferibers, when depofites are made.

Except fuch parts ol fuch navigation* as have been open before puffing thi^aft.

Subscribers iiaQ be vefted with powers as were heretofore vefted in the

corporated, (hall out of the firft tolls and profits which they lhall receive on account of fuch navigations* pay all juft and fair debts due for the farfic refpedively, by the faid coni* miffioners, under whofe management the fame heretofore refpedively were j provided, that the commiffioners who con-traded fuch debts refpedively, (hall hare duly certified the lame.

XXIII.	Ana be it ertaded* That fo foon as the faid fub-feribers and undertakers refpedively, (hall make good their depofites as aforefaid, or (hall fo expend the amount of fuch depofites as-aforefaid on the feveral works aforefaid, the property in the faid feveral navigations refpedively rfiall be, and the fame are hereby adually vefted in the faid fiibfcrU bers and undertakers refpedively.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That northing herein contained (hall extend, of be conrtrued to extend, to veft in fuch fubferibers and undertakers refpedivefy, the property in fuch parts of fuch navigations refpedively, as have been open from the fea upwards, before the parting of this ad, unlefs the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, (hall have been firft obtained*

XXV.	And be it enaded, That fo foon as any fubfeti-bers to any of the faid'undertakings lhall be conftituted and created into a body corporate, they (hall be, and ft and

inverted

Digitized by t^-ooQie

Tie Uwentj-aititb Tear of George III.

in veiled with, and (hall hold and enjoy all and lingular the like powers, privileges, advantages, and authorities in all things, for the purpofe* of carrying on the faid navigations and off-branches, a a were before the paffing of this aft veiled in the corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland naviga- corPora^on for tion in Ireland, by virtue of the feveral afts of parliament heretofore palled in this kingdom, relative to and concern* out. ing inland navigation, and as are now veiled by law in the company of undertakers of the grand canal, for the purpofe of enabling them to carry on the faid canal; and alfo thf like powers as were by the faid afts heretofore veiled fn the faid corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland, and as are now veiled in the faid company of undertakers of the grand canal, to enable them to fummon juries for the valuing any lands, houfes, gardens, tenements, and hereditaments ; gardens, orchards, yards, lawns, walled deer-parks, and planted avenues excepted, as may be neceffary for completing the faid works, and for making fuch wharfs, quays, dore-houfes, market-houfes, locks, bafong, and docks, and other conveniencies, as may be judged by fuch fubferibers and undertakers when incorporated refpeftively, proper for the faid works, and alfo all fuch lands as maybe neceffary for the making of banks, and towiog paths for the aforefaid navigations, and that the faid fubferibers and undertakers when incorporated refpeftively, may be enabled to hold fuch lands, houfes, tenements, and hereditaments, as they lhall fo purchafe ; and further that fuch fubferibers and undertakers when incorporated, lhall be veiled with the like powers, to take, turn, and draw into the faid navigations and off-branches the waters of all fuch rivers, rivulets, lakes, and brooks, as may be neceffary for carrying on the aforefaid works, firft making compcnlation as by the faid afts direfted, to the proprietors of any mills or bleach greens which may be damaged by the faid works, provided fuch mills or bleach greens were erefted before the firil day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty

XXVI.	And in order to provide for the payment of the intereft of the faid fum of two hundred thoufand pounds, JJ^spsShii^ or fuch part thereof as (hall be iflbed by the vice-treafurer or vice-treafurcrs, pay-matter or pay-matters general, his or their deputy or deputies, on debentures to carry an interett after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum; be it enafted. That for fo much oft the (aid fum of two hundred thoufand pounds, for which debentures lhall be iflued, there fhafl be paid at the receipt of your Majcfty’s exchequer, by the hands of the vice-treafurer or vicc-treafurers, pay-matter or pay-matters general, his or their deputy or deputies, at

the



Digitized by

Google

• *Fke tooehtysunth Tear of (Jeo'rge m.

"fo - the end of every fix calendar months, to the perfijri or pW*

1789.

£)eV>enturea fo to be iiTued to be for 100I. each.

fohf Stir tied to fuph debenture, his* her, of* their exeedtorty adminiftfatots or affigns, fiich interell, not exceeding the fatet)f four pmitldf per centum per annum, and to corrft men<e,refpfc£lively from the twerity fourth day of June next*,* ot from fuch titfce fubfequent thereto; it which fucli debentures‘{Hall be. Hftied, without? .any fee ot charge, and free from alldedu£l?ons, defalcations oY abatements what* foever, Until fueh tune *as thsy fhall -he refpcdbVely pSdfl their principal money at one entire pajrment;

' XxVII. And be ft further chatted,* That every fueh de* benturd fo to be iffued, fhall be for the precilc furti of ond hundred pounds, and that the deb^ntores k) to beiflVcd/ fhould be numbered in arithmetical'progreSo™,' wheix* thd common exdefs or difference is to be (Me, and that the deJ berttifres to be iffiied, purfuant fo this «£, fhall not tx‘ Ceed two thotifand in number, fo that the ^rbole fam to bd granted by this att (hall not exceed tiifcfum'ofst%Vo hundred thoufand pounds:

t H A P, XXXIV;

Preamble* e. r<

An AS for granting the Sum of Four Tktfofand Pounds tif the Truflccs of the Linen MamtfiQure, and for other Pur*

• /»/"•

WHEREAS by an aft psflfed in this kingdom thfs;

prefent feflion of Parliament, entitled, An act for granting unto his MtsjrJljy his heirs arid fncceffors, an additional duty on bides, beer, ale, and other goods and merchandizes therein mentioned, and for prohibiting the importation of. all go!ft and fiver* lace, exiept of the manufacture of Great Britain, and' 6f all cambricbs, lawns > and ghtfs, e reft the manufacture of Great Britain, and Franca and the French dominions in Fai~ ropey and of all hopsy except of the growth of Great Britain^• t	and the Briti/h plantations t the fum of ftrrty eight thot*laud

»	eight hundred and feventy three pounds was granted, to be

. ^ applied in fuch manner as parliament fhould dire f, for the advancement of trade and mautifatttires and ihe maintenance of hofpitals, charities, pud puhlick infti.utions, and the further improvement of this kingdom, by building churches, sfnd other public wurks : be it enacted by the King's irtoft excellent Majefty, by thfc advice and acoal to obnfent of the lords fpiritilal and temporal afnd commons truftces of linen in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority manufa&urc to of the fame, That two thoufaml pounds* part of the encourage the »	frm

railing hemp and flan,

*rool. more to encourage hempen and and fljven m^-

Chapiherlain

t'weptywwmlh Ttur of George III-

fo*a .q£ forty eight thQufaqd eight hundred and feventy three pounds, be given for one year, to the twenty fifth day of RJarch, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, to the trqf-Jees of the linen manufa&ure, to encourage the raifing fuf-fiifiem quantises of hemp and flax in this kingdom.

. II. And be it enafled by the authority aforefaid, That a further fum of two thoufand pounds, alfoa part of the laid Turn of forty eight thoufand eight hundred and feventy three pounds, be given to the faid trullees of the linen manufac- nufa&ures. tyre, for the encouragement of the hempen and flaxen manufactures during the laid time, in the provinces of Leinfter^ h^unllcr, E^nd Conqaught, the faid fums of two thoufand pounds, and tvvo thoufand pounds to be paid by the v;ce-treafurer Qr vice-trcqfurers, receiver, or receivers general of this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, without any - Farther or other vyarrant to be fued for, had, qr obtained in that behalf*

t III. Whereas the linen-hall in the city of Dublin, has of late years been greatly encreafcd by additional buildin^^o^^^' whereby the trouble of the chamberlain of the faid hall has been greatly encteafed: and whereas it is thought expedient that the faid chamberlain fyould not be allowed to receive any Fee or perquifites whatfoever, be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid trultees, oyp any twelve or more of them, affirmbled at the faid hall,'{f they ih<d! think fit, to appoint any falary not exceeding in the whole the fum of three hundred and fifty pounds yearly, fqr the falary* of the faid chamberlain, any law to the contrary nptwithllauding,

IV.	And whereas the multiplicity ofbufinefs, and the re- 50j year,y gularand frequent meetings of the laid trullees, have oetufi- adHirion t«> afn oned great encreafy of labour and attendance to the clerks in h ft ant derk. the linen board office; be it enabled by the authority afore^

faid. That it iliall and may be lawful for the faid tmRees, af-fpTibled as uforefaid, if fliey (hall think fit, to appoint and pay for the falary of $he affiant clerfy in the faid office any falary not exceeding thirty pounds yearly, in addition to the falary already eibbliihed for the paymeqt qf fa;d clerk, any Uw to the contrary notwithllanding.

V. And be it cuadted by the authority aforefaid. That	clerk* or

after the faid falaries (hall he graoted as afqvefaid, the faid chamberlain clerk and chamberlain (hall not demand or accept of any per- taking perq^i quifite or gratuity whatfoever, the faid augmentation of fala-rie# being intended as a full compenfation for all perquifites ^nd gratuities; and in cafe any clerk qr chamberlain employed by the faid truftees, after -the faid falaries (hall have been grafted as aforefaid, demand, take, or ^ccept qf any per quisle, gratuity, fee or reward whatever, lie or they (hall upon t *	*	’	‘ convidion

fite focfcitoffico.

Digitized by

TrniUes nujr appoint in fpcctoii.

Tli twenty-math Yea* of George IIL

coftvi&ion thereof, before any twelve or more of thfc laUtm^ tecs, forfeit his faid office, and be rendered incapable of hold* ing his or theirfaid office or offices, or any other office under

. the faid truftecs.

VI.	And whereas by an ad parted in the twenty third and twenty fourth years of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An a& for Jurtber promoting the Ttnen and hempen manufactures, the faid truflees, or any twelve or more of them, are empowered to appoint annually one infpedor of the linen manufa&txrs for the counties of Leitrim and Longford: and whereas the laid counties are too large to be attended by one mfpe&or, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, if they (hall think fit, to appoint annually one infpedor for the county of Leitrim, and one infpedor for the county of L,<>ngford> in like manner, a| like times, and under and fubjed to the like regulations as. is mentioned for the appointment of infpedors by the faid Recited ad, or by any other ad or ads in force relating to {h* feme.

CHAP. XXXJX*

An A3 fir amending an entitled, An A& for enabling m tain Perfom to carry on and eompkat the Grand Canal:

Recital 'of 11 fie ts G. y c. $'•

WHEREAS by an ad pafTed in the deveath and twelfth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled. An aQ fir enabling certainperfont to carry on and com-pleat the grand canal, certain perfont were incorporated for that purpofe, by the name of the company of undertakers of the grand canal, and the provifions of the laid ad have proved inadequate to the good government of the affairs of the faid company, and the laid company have prayed a remedy in that behalf.

II.	And whereas at the time of periling the faid ad, there; was no fubferiber to the dock of the faid company, of any greater futn than one thoufand pounds, fave the lord mayor^ Sheriffs, commons, and citizens of Dublin, who fubferibed the fum of ten thoufand pounds, and every fubferiber of one thoufand pounds, is under the term of the faid ad, entitled to four votes in the affemblies of the faid company by one repre-fentative, and the faid corporation of the city of Dublin is, entitled to twenty votes by twenty re prefen tat ives in fuch a f-fembHes, fo long as the faid corporation (hall be poffefled of ten thoufand pounds of the faid (lock, but no provifion tt;

3	ntfute

Digitized by

Google

The twentj-ifatb Ytcr rf George III.

made by the faicl ad for an adequate representation of the property of fuch perfons as (hould thereafter poffefs more than one thoufand pounds in the faid (Unde, for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the fords lpintual and temporal, and commons in Parliament aftemblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this ad, every member of the faid company lhaQ have one vote in all affetablics of the faid company, cither in perfon or by proxy, for every two hundred and fifty pounds which he or me (hall have in the joint ftocfc of the uid company, and one rote in perfon or by prQxy for every one thov fand pounds which he or (he (hall have in fych Hock after the firft one thoufand pounds, any thing in the faid ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wife aotwithdanding ; provided, that no perfon (hall hare more than thirteen votes tn any fuch affembly, lave as the proxy of another member or pthcr members of the faid company, in manner herein after mentioned. .

III. And be it enaded. That if the faid'lord* mayor, (heriffs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, (hall kt any time Tell or difpofe of any part of their ftock, fo as to become poffefled of lefs (lock than one thoufand pounds, ^hey ihall thereafter be entitled to one vote by one reprefentatrii for every two hundred and fifty pounds of the firft one thou-fand pounds which they (hall have fo remaining in the joiflft flock of the faid company, and one vote by one representative for every one thoufand pounds which they ihall have fo re* mining in fach (lock after the firft one thoufand pounds, any thing in the (aid ad contained to the contrary thereof fo any wife notwithstanding; provided, that tfifc mid corporation Audi not in any wife be entitled to more than twenty votes m fhe faid company.

IV And whereas there is not by the find recited ad aujr limitation to the number of proxies which any member of die hid company may hold, or vote from, in the afiemb)ies of tlfo /aid company, and the want of fuch a limitation has been found inconvenient in the management of the affairs of the (aid company: he it therefore enaded by the authority afore-(aid, That no member of the faid company, (hall at any affembly of the faid company, after the palEng of this ad, give more than thirteeen votes as the proxy of any other member or members of the faid company.

V. And he it enaded by the authority aforefaid That no perfon (half be qualified oj permitted to vote in'his own right, si any afiembly or meeting of the laid company, who (hall wot at fuch affembly or meeting,' (if thereto r&jttitad bjr nay member of the faid company then prelent,) take dye fob lowing oath or affirmation, before die chairman who (hallpre*

Sdt

One vote is

perfon or by proxy for a Sob of firft tbou-ftnd, tfe.

faid corporation not to hpvf more than 29

No men** to give more than ij votes.

Members, if required malt take the follow*

ingoauu

Digitized by

Google

.4*

A. D.

* 17^9** Chap. 39.

..Path,

The twenty-ninth Tear of G&rgclll.

fi<Je-at filch afTembly or meeting, and which oath or affinntv tion fuch chairman is hereby empowered and required to adt miniftcr; that it to fay,

I Af p. dofixear or affirm, (hat lam anv pojfiffsd of afiem of	in the capital Jfock of the compary of un-

dertakers of the grand canal in my awn right, pr as executor or cdminifir at cr of C. D, deceafed', and that I do net direSily or indirectly hold the fame, or any part there'f, in trufi for any other perjbn or per fins, and that / have not any confidence or expedition, and ha ve not entered into any agreement exprrjfid or implied, that tbf perjbn or porjons from whom I furchycd or acquit* od the fame, nvil(di redly or indirectly return to me the confide ration or fecurity which I gave for the faid flock, upon my ajfign-ing the fame to him, her, or them, or to his, her or their ufe\aud thet I did not purchaje or acquire the Jaidflock* or any part thereof, to the perjbn or ptrfons from iqbom I purebafed or acquired the fame, or to any other forfim er perfins for bis, her, or their ufe•

ReprcfcoUr

five of corporation of Dublin, exempted.

Proxies, if required, mull take the following oath.

.Upon which oath pr affirmation being made or taken, the chairman of fqch afTembly or meeting (hall receive the vote of the perfoq making the fame.

VI.	Provided always, That ifie faid oath or affirmation (hall not be required of any perfoq reprefeqting the corpora* tion of the city of Dublin in the faid company, fo far as fuch •perfon (hall vote in right of fuch reprpfentation,

VII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon (hall be qualified or permitted at any afTembly, or meeting of the faid company, 19 vote by virtue of any proxy or proxies* granted to him or her by any perfon or perfona* unlefs the perfon pr perfon* tendering fuch vote or votes, under fuch proxy or proxies, fi>alh if thereto required by any member of the faid company then prefent, make the following path or affirmation, before the chairman who (hall pnefide at fafh afTembly or meeting, and which oath or affirmation the hud chairman is hereby empowered and required to adminif-ter; that is to fay,

- ©sth*	/A	B.	dofweqr, or affirm, that /verily believe that C. IX

jpid E. p. (as the oaje may he) the perfon or perfions for whom I now vote	proxy, is pojfejffid in hij, her, pr their awn right^

qr in right of his, her, or, their tejiator or wtflatc, of the fioci mentioned in the infirument <f froxy, by virtue of which £ r	.vote.

Corporate VIII. Provided always. That the faid oath or affirmation of pumin efi * .(hall not be squired of ^ny perfipn voting by prtxy far any*



DigitizedjDy Google

The twenty-ninth Tear of George lit.

perfon reprefenting the corporation of the city of Dublin in Taid company) t> |ur a* refpc&s iiach reprefeatfttipp. * ^ ~.

IX.	Andbe'it further ena&ed, That every perfon who thaU lign an inftru merit of proxy, to enable another to tote Tor him, (hall make at the time of figning fuch inftrument an	_

affidavit or affirmation, before any df his Majefty’s joffices ©f ^ ro^t? odu peace, which oath fuch juftice of peace.is hereby empowered the following to admirfifter, tabe annexed toifudi infirutnent, in the words oath, -following:

perfosu figp*

I A. B. do fwear* or affirm* that i was at the time tf o*th* figning the annexed inftrument tf proxy, and that I am now ‘ ffiffifftd of thy capital fhek in the faid inftrumtnp of prosy ~ mentioned in say own right, or as executor or admintftrator ytf A. B. or 0. D. deceafed, (as the cafe may he,) and that I do not bold tpe fame* or any part thereof, in inf, i neJly or indiredly, for any otherpefon or perfons ; and </>-■ I ha ve nqt any confidence or expectation ; and that 1 ba<ju< nt entcrept ■onto any agreement, expreffed or implied, that tee perfon or perfons frjm whom I pur chafed or, acquired the Jame, will, directly or indiredly, return rp mp the confederation or feeurify jwbich I gave for the faidflock, upon my aligning the fame to him* her* or tpem* or to or for his, her, or, their ufe ; and .that 1 did not pur chafe or acquire the faid flock, or any part . thereof, witje any intention of rerajfigning the fame, or any ,part thereof, to the perfon or perfons from whom 1 pur chafed ,cracquired the fame, or to any other perfon or ptrfons,for bis>

%her, or their ufe. ' J

.And be it eqa&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Proprietors Jio perfon (hall be qualified or permitted to vote at any af- not entitled to Tembly or meeting of the faid company as proprietor of any ▼nte, unlefs 6 (hare or (hares of the (lock of the faid company, unlefs fuch jyflSn# in • ^perfon (hall have been a&ually pofTeffed of, and entitled to . fuch (hare or (hares, for the full (pace of fix calendar months 4iext, previous to t^e time of his or her tendering fuch vote -tor votes, fave fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be entitled to «fufh (hare or . (hares, on or before the firft day of June, in the year one thoufand feyen hundred and eighty nine, or *who (hall become entitled to fuch (hare or lhares by virtue of ,any beqyefi, or as pcrfonal representative or reprefentatives k of any perfon who (hall be deceafed; any thing in the faid recited contained to the contrary notwithfland-tag.'

XI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Inftrumenti tevery iqftrument of proxy which (hall be granted by any of proxy to ex* , perfon having a right to vote in the afiemblies of the faid . company, fave and except fuch proxies as (hall be granted °

. in right of the representation of the corporation of the city tion of Dublin, Voi.- IX*	D	©f	*c.

Digitized by CjOOQIc



S°	The	toxwty+mtl	Ymr $f George IK.

A* IX ef Dublin, fall csprcft the true quantity of flock of whicfc the perfon granting fad) proxy fall be pofTcfled; and that Chap^j9. before any pet fon fad! be permitted to vote in any aflembly of the (aid company, by oirtne of any mfimmeni of proxy which has been, or fall be granted by any member of the faid company, an entry or note of foch in drum eat fall be made, one day at the lead before fueh proxy fall be per* snitted to rote, in a book to be kept by the fecretary of the (aid company for that purpofe, which entry or note (hall contain toe true date of fuch inftrument, and the name of the perfon granting the fame, and the true quantity of dock of which the perfon granting fucb prosy fall then be pofTcfled, and alfo the name of the perfon tQ whom the fame has been or fall be granted ; and that from and after the paffing of this a&, no perfon, faro the perfon named as proxy in fucb entry, fhal? be perfnitted to rote as proxy for the perfon granting the inftrument winch fbwll be to entered, and that no more than one proxy from tbe fame perfon fall be entered at the fame time in fucb book ; and that in cafe the perfon granting fuch proxy diall afterward# grant a fecond proxy to any other perfon, loch fecond proxy Inall not be roted under, or be of any force or effe& until the fame (hall be in like manner entered in the fat'd book ; and that from the time of the entry of fuch fecond proxr in the fa£d book, the proxy which fall haro been fo firtb entered fhall become abfolutdy null and# to id to all intent# and purpofes, and fo from time to time, aa to all fobfeqtient proxies which fhall be granted by any member of the faid company, the lad of which proxies which fall be fo entered in tbe laid book fall fuperfede and render null and roid aH former proxies granted by the perfon granting fuck lad proxy ; and that no indrument of proxy fall empower ®	more	than one perfon to rote for the grantor thereof, fo **

that no more than one perfon fhall at any one time be empowered to rote as proxy for any member of the faid company ; any refervation, provifoe, or contingency, contained or expreffed, or to be contained or exprefTed, in any fucb inftmment of proxy in any wife notwithflandrng.

XII.	And for the better managing the affairs of the faid company, and edablifhing a continual fucceffion of perfon# ?5 dirtaors to	dire&ors of the faid company: be it ena&ed. That

cnly.	from and after the palling of this ad, there fhall be, front

tune to time for ever, of the members of the laid company, fifteen dire&ors only, in the place and dead of the pnefent dire&ors, which dire&ora to be appointed as herein after mentioned, or any five or more ot them, fhall be called a court of durc&ors, for the ordering, managing, and dire&-



The twenty-ninth Tear rf George III.	$t

fag the affairs of the (aid companv, and (hall have fuch A. D. powers and privileges as are herein after mentioned.	1789*

XIII.	And be it cna&ed, That the prefent directors of Chap. 39. the faid company, or any five of them, (haQ be empowered,

fend are hereby required to fummon a general affemhly of the Prefent di-

faid company, to meet within one calendar month after the rc^or*

firft day of June, in the year one thoufand feven hundred

and eighty nine, for the purpofe of electing the firft fifteen to cleA 1$ di-

dire&ors of the fiud company, and that the laid company rcAortby ballot,

(hall at fuch meeting, proceed to clc& and choofe by ballot, a* htrein.

and (hall ek& and choofe by a majority of the votes of the

members of the (aid company then prefent, either in perfon

or by proxy, fifteen directors of the (aid company, which

fifteen directors fo to be ele&ed, (hall continue in office from

the time of fuch ele&ion, until the firft Tuefday in the

month of February, which will be in the year of our Lord,

one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, and until others

(hall be duly chofen in their refpe&ive places, and fwom

into the fame, unlefs they or any of them (hall footer die,

refign, become difqualified, or be removed as herein after

mentioned*

XIV.	And be it enafted, That all fucc^eding dire&ors

of the laid company, (hall be yearly and fucceflively chofen be chofen year. Out of the members of the faid company, on fome day or ly. time between the firft Tuefday in February, and the third Tuefday in February in every year, by the majority of votes of the members of the (aid company prefent, either in perfon or by proxy, which dire&ors fo chofen (hall fc-verally continue in omce for one year, and until others (hall <be duly chofen and fworn into their places refpedively as aforefaid, unlefs in cafe of death, refignation, difqualifica-tion, or removal.

XV.	Provided always. That no perfon (hall at any time None to be

be capable of being chofen a dire&oi of the (aid company, chofen directors, the reprefentatives of the corporation of the city of Dub- nnlef» they h**c fin only excepted, unlefs he (hall at the time of fuch elec-	*****

tion have in his own name and right feven hundred and fifty

~ pounds at the baft in the capital dock of the (aid company, and that no fuch dire&oi (hall continue in office longer than be (hall continue pofleffed of capital ftock to that amount in his gwn name and right, but that upon parting with fo much of his thart in the laid ftock as may reduce the fame to any Idler fufi than feven hundred and fifty pounds, the office of fuch director (hall ceafe and become vacant, and another diredor (hall be chofen in his room fay the (aid , company.

XVI.	Provided alfo, That there (hall not at any fuch *** m<>r* annual eledion of dire^prs as aforefaid, be chofen for di-

® *	icftors	preceding	year

to be chofen.

Digitized by

v Google

«

*

A. Di

9-

CKHp. $$.

Votes for ore p«*rton only as reprefcnttng city of Dublin.

Vacancy of

direflors to be filled in i mouth.

Dirc&ors To eldfttd to take the loliowing oaths.

Oath.

a

The uuudfjAnib Tear if George III.

i€B6r9 for tfie fcnfatng yetrr, aboVe two^thlrds of thofie wW were dire&ofH for the year nekt preceding, and that vm jtioTh thfch One df the perfonh neprefentmg the eorpdtfmoa of the dtv of Dublin m the faid company, {hall at 30f time be elated, dr be 1 dlre&or or dtre&ora of the (aid Company, tmlefs filch perfbn or perfons {hall be fo ek&ed, ifc potkfling hi bis, her, or their ofcm right refpe&ivdy* feVen hundred and fifty pounds of the capital ftock of th« fetid company.

&VI1. Provided always, That if upon any 'ele&ton of diredors, it fhall appear that votes haVe been riven far tnore than oiie perform, as reprefentmg the city Of Dublin, die nbmes of all fuch perfons fo voted for him, except the hame of him who (hall have the majority of fuch votes* fhall be ft ruck out of the lift* and the ele&ion (hall be made, fcs if no votes had been |jiVen for the perfon or pert fons fo ftruck out.

XVIII.	Provided rtevertheTefs, That in cafe of a vacancy by the dfcath, refigifation, cftfqoalifiCation* or removal of any of the diredors of the faid company for the time beings tire furvivors of them* or the majority of thnfe remaining in office, (hail within one month after filth vacancy (hall happen, call an affembly of the laid company* in order to de£l another perfbn Or perfotis m the roofcn of the perfoa or perfons fodyfag, resigning, "becoming difqimlificd Or re* htoved,

£lX. Provided alfo, That e*cry perfon who lhall be tfiofen a drreflor of the fafd company, except as herein is excepted, (hall not be qualified or permitted to cxecote or in the faid office of dfre&or or dire&ors, until he (haS have made the oath or ftf&rfnatiofc following,. tb wit*.

/ A. ft. do fivftir, (or^ffafiutktr 'djfiton) tbkt fik'fum rf fivtn biiHtfted attd fifty pbufids of the capital fttek of the company of undertakers of the grand tonal, nvbe'tsof I One elected to be a dirt Sot, doth at ibis time belong to me in my

0	wn right, 'and hot in triift fir any other perjbit cr perfem,

■ and that in cafe IJhrall during the time for Oablch I bow been elctttd a-director* ceafe to pojjefs in my <ru)n right the fall fum

1	f fimeen buifdred and fifty pounds ftork of the faid company* J will immediately thereupon drfoloje the fame to the court of direSors, and to the fee rit ary or feentaries jf the faid com*

So help me (xOlX

And fthewife the following oath or affirmation of office, th wit,	L

fA.*

2

/ A, B. do/wear, (9* if a qnakar affirm) that in the office of a dtn&ov of the company, of undertaken ^f tin grand fd* teal, I *wilt it indifferent and equal te all wo»mt of pfr/ont^ and that 1 will give my hefi advice for the fdpport and g&(t go<uernmeut of the faid company, aqd for the genial hfpefifi thereof, and that in the execution of the faid offie cf djgfQcx4 1 •will feothfudj and haocflly demeqn mjfJf* affording to, tfe heft of mj mill and underfunding..

Quit.

Which (aid oatb% or affirm^t^oot of tip fjrft #rp##rs (q wfe>t*a* to be cle&ed, (ball snd may be admimftcred by the Jpnj lustiLetQ*Mh. chancellory or any of the judges of hip J^aicfty*| fuperior courts in Dublin, for the time being, and fyd> oath qj affirmation of any future director, (hall and may. bp ?dxty&

■iftered by the dire^ais of the faid company for tfc$ th*q lad preceding year, or any two of them, aqd ttipv arp hereby authorised aud required to xdmiaiAer t^e tyd oath* pj affirmations.

XX.	Provided tdfo, That if any member pf tlpe fai$ 'If dfreftmfe company, who (haQ be clewed a director, (ball be at the choicnbears* lime of fuck cle&ion one of the representatives for the ftoc^ prefemativtpf of the corporation pf the city of Dublin in the fa^id com- ^{^“totabs pany, fuch dire&or (ha]l not be required tQ fajre thp oath Uucr oath «0y. or affirmation of property herein before mentioned, but (hall

be capable q£ executing and a&ing in the office ojf dfrydor, upon his taking the aforp&ud oath or affirmation of pfficp only*

XXI.	And be it eaafted, That the faid .court pf diiw- ©freftora en» tors (hall have power and authority to adminifter an oatlj powered toadr or affirmation to all agents or fcryants of the foid company, minilUr mtko, that fuch officers nod (eryants ffiall faithfully difchprge the

duties of their refpedtive office, and bonef^ly and duly a$-count for all monies and other properties pf the fold pp$a-pany, which (hall come to their pofteffion refpflively.

XXII.	And be. it <mafted, That if fuiy perfon $0 MstAot* m-hercaftcr elected a dire&pr of the laid company as aforefaid. glegiag totals (hall for the fpace pf one month after lpch ele^iqa, negleft oath* for 1

or refufc to take the oaths or affirmations herein befpre ap- ^edbrid pointed to be taken pr made as a fore faid v that then and in vacan^ &c. every fuch cafe the office and place pf every fuch Per.f°n fo neglecting or vefufing (hall .become vacant, and apothor (hall be de&cd in his place hy a general aflembly of the (aid company to be held for that purpofe.

XXIII.	And be it enacted. That if any eomplaint in CompUipt

writing (hall be made by any nine pr jp°re members of the tgainft any dl-. foid company, having each pf them five hundred pounds or 2!cd*or for mif* ftortintereft .gr.ft«e.ip	flflcjt,	^inft.anj	™?toX'dc-

*	director	terminal u

herein.

73* twmy+tHth Tear of George IIL

dire&or or director* of the faid company, for or <m account of the mifminagement or abufe of hit or their office or office*, that the faid court of dire&ors (lull from to time, upon demand to be made in writing, and delivered to the fecretary of the faid company, by fuch nine or more mem* bm of the (aid company, within ten day* after, fuch demand, Common a general meeting of the faid company* for the fpecial purpofe of hearing fuch complaint only, ac<£ if the faid court of dire&or* (hall refufe or negleft to fum-mon fuch general meeting of the faid company, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch nine or more member* as* aforefaid, ten days notice in writing to be affixed on the Royal Exchange of the city of Dublin, and publifhed in the Dublin Gazette^ or any other newfpaper ufually publifhed in the city of Dublin, being previou0y given, t<* fummon fuch general meeting, and that the laid company, at fuch meeting, (hall hear and determine fuch complaint, and no other, and if fuch dire&or or dirc&ors (hall not ac ’ quit him or themfelves of fu.ch complaint, to the fati&fa&ioti of the major part of the faid company then alfcmbled, either in perfon or by proxy, the faid company may, if they /hall think nt, then ren\ovc or difphce fuch dire&or or di-:	refiors,	and elc£t and choofe another, or others in b,i« or their

room for the remainder oF the year.

In cafe of va- XXIV. And be k ena&cd, That if any diredor (hall cancy, others to die, refign, become difqualified, or be removed, or hia of-hc elea^d.	ijeoome	void before the expiration of the time for which

fye (hall have been elected, th^t the faid company (hall elect %	any other member or members of the faid company quali-

fied as aforefaid, in the room of fuch direftor or diredor* whofe office (hall have fo become void, which perfon or per* fons fo to be chofen, (hall continue in the faid office until the faid ufual time hereby appointed for ele&ion, and until others (hall be duly chofen and fworn.

.	5	dircSors	XXV.	And be it enafted. That the faid. diredors, or

may tranfa&bu- any five or more of them, (hall at aU convenient times and places aflemble for the dire&ion and management of the affairs of the faid company, and that fuch directors when fo affembled, (hall have full and exduftve power to appoint* fufpend, and remove all officers and fervants of the fai4 company, and that the faid company fhaU in no fort interfere therein, fave as herein after is mentioned, any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithfUnd-ing.	'	-

Officer* being XXVI. Provided always, and b? it cnaded. That Lfany difmifTcd may treafurer, engineer, or fecretary of the (aid company, (hall appeal *a here- at any time gg rcmoved from his office or employment by the faid direddrs, the perfon fo removed (haU be at liberty 3	within

finefs of the company.

Tie tweatj+mth Tear ef George III.

within one week from the time of fuch his removal, to lodge with the perfon who fbmjl have a&ed ai chairman of the laid dire&ors, at the time of the removal of fuch officer, ma appeal to the faid company from fuch judgment of ftmoral, and the fald chairman ia hereby required to receive fuch appeal, and thereupon to fummon an aflcmbly of the laid company, to mpct within ten days from the time of lodging iuen appeal, and if there (hall be prefent at fuch meeting, fo to be fummoned either in perfon or by proxy, the representation of one-half of the capital ftock of the laid company, then and not otherwise, the members of tht laid company who (hill be foprefent, (hall proceed to hear and determine the fnatter of luch appeal, and if two-thirds . of the (aid members who (hall be to prefent, (hall be of opinion that fuch officer making fuch appeal ought to bt jreftored to the office or employment from which he (hall have been fo removed, fuch officer (hall be and (land re* ftored to fuch office or employment accordingly, hut if two* thirds of the members of the faid company who (hall be fo prefent, (hall not agree in fuch opinioo, fuch officer (hall ftand for ever difmiffcd from the fcrvice of the faid company, and in cafe it (hall happen that there (hall not be prefent at fuch meeting in perfon, or by proxy, a representation of one-half of the capital ftock, then and in that cafe the members who (hall be prefent at fuch meeting, (hall not proceed to hear or determine the matter of fuch appeal, but (hall adjourn fuch aflcn&ly or meeting, for qi\c week from the time of fuch meeting, qid fo in cafe of the not* attendance of one-half of the representation as aforefaid, fuch meeting (hall be adjourned from week to week, fpr the foace of fpur weeks from the time of fuch firft meeting* and it the representation of one-half of the faid capital (lock (hall not affemble at any one of fuch meetings, then and in that cafe fuch appeal as aforefaid (hall ftand absolutely difmified, and fuch officer (hall ftand and be for ever remov- N fd from fuch his office or employment*

XXVII.	Provided alfo, and be it cnaffced, That if any pf them, the treafurer,- engineer, or Secretary pf the faid company, (hall be removed from, his office or employment by die Said dire^prs, and (hall not uppn an appeal to tfie faid company, to he lodged, heard, and determined as afore* Slid, be reffiored to fuph his office, he (hall, bcv rendered for ever incapable of being elc&ed into, or of holding or cn* jpying any office or employment whatever under the faid,

Company.

XXVIII. And be it ena&ed* That the faichdire&ors, or ydfre&af* $ny five or more of them fo afTembled, (hall and may ex- empowered to duftvely dired and manage all the affairs of the faid com- adtforthewW* : ' *	'pany,

Digitized by v^.ooQle

Bat not to mortgage, fyc. the land or tolls for mote than 3 years, Sec

the twenty-ninth Tear of Gcbrge 111.

jteny, and for the well ordering and managing ttereof-IhaH in the name of the faid company, have, cpjoy, per-form, apd execute, all the powers, authbrities, and pim leges of the faid company, and do all afts and thing# in relation. thereto, as fully and cflFeftually to all intents and pur-pofes, as the faid cohipany could or might htfve done previous to the pafling of this aft, except* a4 hcriin-aTtcr11 excepted.

XXIX.	Provided always, That nothing Herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to give the (aid direftors any power or authority to mortgage, encumber, or alien the lands pr tolls of the Faid company, or demife for a longer term than thrde years, any of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments of the faid company, or to eritet upon the execution of any cxtenfion of tfce grand canal, or to borrow any money, or make any addition to the flock

*	of the faid company, or to rent out the tolls or paSage

*	boats of the faid company, without the previous approbation or concurrence of the faid company, for that purjxAc had and obtained at a general meeting of the fame, fpcaatiy fummoned by the faid court of direftors for that purpofe.

XXX.	0 nd provided alfo. That the faid direftors Ml once in every fix months call a general meeting of the faid company, and report to fuch company at fuch meeting the llate of their works, and declare the dividend for the then preceding half year.

&XX1. And be it enafted, That the laid direftors, or any five of them aflembled as aforefaid, may fummoo general meetings of the laid company, as often as they (hall fee caufc.

XXXII.	Ar^d he it further enafted, That no dirfftor (hall have more than one vote in any court of direftors, and

dire^or*01&c °* *^at the chairman of the direftors (hall have in fuch court of •	‘	direftors	but one vote, and that only in cafe of an equality

of votes among the other direftors prefent.

XXXIII.	And be it enafted, That any nine of the reftors aflembled as aforefaid, inay make rules or fcgulati-ons for the interpal government of the laid direftors, and that fuch rules or regulations (hall continue in force until the feme lhall be changed pr reminded hy a like number of direftors aflembled as aforefaid.

XXXIV.	And be it enafted, That the faid direftors,* or any nine or more of them, (hall chufe out of the faid Si* reftors a chairman, and deputy chairman, which chairman, or in his abfence, the deputy chairman (hall prefide at ^ll Meetings of the laid direftors, at which fucji chairman, or deputy chairman (hall attend, but in cafe of the non-atterid* aacc of fuch chairman, or deputy chairman, at 'the time

’appointed

Direftors to call a general meeting every fix months.

5 direftors m ay fummon general meetings.

Direftors to have hut one

9 Direftprs may make rules, Ac.

9 direftors may choofe a chairman, &c.

the itottif+iMh ftor tf Gtotg? tit.

appointed tor the meeting of ftidh ditie&Jtt, that then the feia directors fo affemblcd, may chufe ontf Cthef of the laid direftors to prefidfc in the place of fuch* cbdirta&tf atgfuch meet*

^^X&V. And fee it enafted, HiSt*1 all affembHtt of tfefc Soctrchair-laid company fuch chairman, or in his abfcnce fuch deputy chairman, or in their abfence orie other of the laid difeftors,	to prefi 4* m

to be nominated by the majdrity of vote* 6f the company all meetings, then afiembled in perfon Or by proxy, Ihajl pfdlde at aH meeting* or affeinbties of {he fai,d company.

XXXVI.	Provided always. That no chairman, deputy Except com* chairman, or director, {hall prefide at any aflembly of the faid pUinuagainft company, aflembled for the purpofe of hearing any com- tbcmfdvci. plaint againft fuch chairman, deputy chairman, or direftor,

and in cafe of a complaint again ft all the directors then pre-fent, that the company then aflembled (hall.appoint fey a majority of votes, one other member of the laid company to prefide at fuch aflembly.

XXXVII.	And be it enafted by th* authority afortfaid, otuffith* That no aflembly of the faid company (haft be a legal aflem- fegtl aflemMy^ bly thereof, unlefs one-fifth part at leaft ef the capital ftock fire.

of the faid company (hall be reprefenud at fuch aflembly, either in perfon or by proxy, notwithstanding that there may be prefect at fuch aflembly in perfon, or by proxy, filly members of the faid company who have a right to vote.

XXXVIII.	And be it enacted by the authority bforefaid,

That every afifcrably of the faid company, at whidh one half bj^tfone of the capital ftock of the faid comply lhall be rep refected, be prefent, either in perfon or by proxy, lhall be a legal aflembly thereof, though not $o to all intents and putpofes, and Audi hate full power and au- members, thority to carry into execution all the powers and authority vefted in the faid company, whether there (hall or Shall not be prefent at fuch aflembly, in perfon or by proKy,-ftfty members of the laid company who have a light to toae,

XXXI X. And whereas flints of fifty pounds in the ftock company of the faid company have been found inconvenient; be it en- maycaUin afted, That it lhall and may be lawfbl to and for the faid lhares of5oL company to call in the prefent fhbres of fifty pounds from the	thofc

“prefect proprietors thereof, and in the place thereof to ifiuc ° new lhares, either of one hunched pounds, or two hundred and fifty pounds, or both, as to them lhall feem moft fit and convenient, and for that purpofe under the fuperintendance of the firft directors that lhall be chofen under this aft, to form a new fet of tranffef books, to afeertain the property in laid ftock of the perfons entitled to and receiving fuch new lhares; provided, that in cafes where the property of proprietors in the laid ftock lhall be found incapable of being Iwrbwh iihto (hares of one hundred pounds, or two hundred

and



5?	Tt* **eUy-w*tk Y** of George 117.

A- Eh jukI fifty pounds, it (hall and n*ay be lawful to and for the faid 1789. company to iffue a (hare or (hares of fifty pounds to fuch pro* V^V^J prietor*, fo far only as fuch fra&iopal parts may extend, which (hare (hall be called half (hares of one hundred pounds^ pr a fifthfharc of two hundred a&4 fifty pounds, as the cafe maybe.

▲ nublick aA. XL, And b$ it further enabled by the authority afore* faid, 'Drat this ad (hall be a publick account, and (hall be deemed and taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices and others, in all courts and places without fpcciaSy pleading the &t»e«

CHAP. XL.

At1 Adtfor continuing carta* Temporary Jtatutu.

To *4 Jane ?(oo, &c. j6G. 5.«. 34* f. ^But

Qu. ?

Prirft may he ficeWed by any btfhop.

Maintenance of fsidprieft. from county where he lad officiated as pnefi.

XL A ND be it farther enaded by the authority afore.

Xjl (aid, That an ad made in this kingdom iothe nineteenth and twentieth years of his prefent Majefty, entitled. An ad for explaining an ad made in the eighth year of the reign of her Late MajeJly Queen Anne, entitled. An ad for explaining and amending an ad to prevent the further growth of popery, fo far only as the fame makes a provifion for the maiotenanoe of popifh prieds converted to the protedant religion, be revived and continued to the twenty fourth of June, one thoun fand feven hundred and ninety-fix, and to the end of the thea next feffion of parliament.

XII.	Provided always. That the receiving into the church fuch conforming pried as in faid ad is mentioned by any arch-bifiiop or bifliop of this kingdom, (hall be deemed as efjfedual for entitling fuch pried to the maintenance in faid ad mentioned, as if ne had been fo received by the arch-.bifhop or bi-fhop of the diocefe wherein he redded and officiated as a po^ pi(h pried.

XIII.	And provided always, That nothing in faid ad, or in any other ad contained, (hall extend, or be condrued to extend, to entitle fuch conforming pried as in faid ad is met*, tioned, to any maintenance, fave only from that county wherein he lad officiated as a popifh pried before the time of hfe conformity.

C H A ^

Digitized by

Google

59

The twenty-ninth Tear of George ItL CHAP. XLII.

A- P-

1789-

jjfn AS for the better /applying the Inhabitants of certain Cities and Towns eyitb Water.	/

WHEREAS a ready and cheap fuppjy of water for Amended 54 towns and cities is very deflrable: be it ena&ed by 9- S- 9-the King*s irjoft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in of

fr*. , ....	.	..	   .	...	.	-v.»

fentatives of eveij city or town in this kingdom, which every dty and gives title to the fee of a birtiop, or archbilhpp, except the town, as herdn cities of Dublin, Cork, and Limerick^ together with ^he dean and chapter of fuch bi (hop rick., archbi(hoprick, and ^ w^tef-coiir-alfo the chief maglitratf, aldermen, pr burgefles, and re- lea, &c. prefentative^ of every town corporate, (hall be commiffioners for the making of any water-courfe, cut, drain, ditch, french, dam or paflage, for the purpofc of conveying water to fuch city or town, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for every perfon, whether lay or ecclehadical, through' whofe ground the faid commiffioners (hall deem ft neccffary to carry faid water-courfe, or who fhall be proprietors of fmy water to be carried through the fame, to confent and 3gree thereto by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, and that from the tirpe of fuch perfon and persons executing fucb agreement or confent, that then fuch water and water-coi^rfe or paflage for water at mforefaid, fhall he veiled in t^e faid commiffioners and their fucceflbrs For ever; provided, that fuch water-courfe (hall not exceed fix feet in breadth, and that any ground to be (o vetted for the purpofc of a head or pond to contain water*for the fame, (hall not exceed one acre.

II.	And be it enabled, That it (hsjl and may be lawful	commit

f o and for the faid commiffioners, from time to time, to lay turners may lay pipes in fuch water-courfe, for the better conveying of wa- P»P*7 center to fuch cities and towns, and that the laid commiffioners, ^r^jT**** m

£r any three of them, in any fuch city or town, (hall aUb(^^ *

? commiffioners for preferring all fuch watcr-courfcs when made, by which fuch refpeoive cities and towns (hall be 1 V (applied with water 5 and that the laid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, have full power aqd authority to repair from time to time all neccffarv dams and ail fuch water-courfes, and to remove all obftruaions in the '	'	Came,

this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority the lame, That the chief magiftrate, aldermen qr burgef-(heriffs, bailiffs and common council recorder and «■«•»-

Chicfmagi&

Tbt t*mnty*untb Ytar rf George HP.

fame, and to take down any bank or dam which fhaU be made to divert the watcr-courfe from the fame, and to do all other ads and things which fball be necefTary for making fuch water-courfes effeduai for the purpofes of conveying water, and for prcfcrviBg and repairing the fame when made.

Ill,	And be it ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the grand jury of the faid rcfpc&iv* cities or prefent fums fo* towns, or if there be oo fuch grand jury, then for the grand nmk ng water- juiy 0f t^c county Jn which the lame fhall be Ctuated a; pipe^^aJfketn- anX	to prefent, from time to time, fuch fum and

uwlaxnein re- ^ura8°f woney to be railed on fuch city or town, and the pair, 6cc. lands ufually affeffed in the corporation of the fame, as (hall be ncccffery, from time to time, for making the faid refpec-tire water-courfes, and for laying pipes in the fame, and for keeping the faid refpeftive water-courfes, when made, in repair, and for paying a proper perfon to fuperintend and take care of each refpedive water-courfe, and for pay. ing fuch reeompeace to the owners, occupiers, or proprietors of water, or of the ground through which the water-courfe fhall be made, as fhall be agreed on by the faid commiffioners, and approved by the feid grand jury, fo as the feid fums fo to be prefented fhall not exceed in any one year the fum of fifty pounds, the faid fums to be paid to the faid commiffioners, or any three of them ; and the fums fo, from time to time prefented, fhall be applotted and levied on fuch city, town, and lands within the corporation or liberties of fuch city or town where fuch water-courfe ihall be made, in the fame manner as other public money prefented by grand juries is levied by law.

Not to be paid	IV. Provided always. That the laid fums, or fo much aa

to faid cnmmif- fhall, from time to time, be expended for the purpofea fioners, unJds aforefeid, fhall not be paid unto the feid commiffioners* as hemn. uqlcfe an affidavit or affidavits fworn by two credible per-fons who can read and write, Rating that fo much money aa therein mentioned, has been expended for the purpofea aforefeid, (hall be made before one of the judges of affize for the county, or before the grand jury of fuch county or town where fuch money fhall he expended in making fuch water-courfes, and fhall be allowed by fuch grand jury.

V.	And be it enaded, That from and after the firft day wi^^iTffs, Junc next* or fuch time as any fuch water-courfe fhall be 6cc. penalty	begun to be made, if any perfon or perfons fhall wilfully do*

or caufe to be done, any damage to fuch water* courfe, or obflrud the pafiage or the watertherein, or in the pipes which fhall fie laid in fuch water-courfe, fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, fhall forfeit for every fuch offence, the fum of fiv< pounds to any perfon who fhall fue for the feme, upon,

convi£tioi*t

Grand juries enumwcfcd fto

Digitized by

Google

*Tht 4mmtj-nsiuh Teat of George Ilf.	61

cvnv\&km before any juftice of the peace, by the oath of A. D one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, to be paid in like V789. manner, with like committal for non-payment, as in cafe of any fine ixnpofed for injuring any road or bridge. #

VI.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained Commiffion-ftrell be conftrued to give the faid commiffioncrs any power ert not to pull to pull down any mill-dam, or to impede the conveying of dowmmill-water to any miU now ere&ed in fuch manner, as has been **Ac* 'heretofore accuftomed.

VII.	Provided alfo, That if any perfon (hall be fued Perfont fhed

£or any thing he (hall do ia.purfbance of this aft, he may *• herein m*y plead the general ilTue, and give the fpecial matter evi- P]|^thc ^cn0" denc6	1	“**

'The Thirtieth Tear of GEORGE flL

CHAP. rx.

An AQ to enable Grastd 'Juries to prefent for Goroners as there-in mentioned, inftead pf the Sums -which thy are now by Law empowered tofrtfent.

,\Jt^HEREAS grand juries in fuch parts of the king-dom in which they are now by law empowered to prefent for coroners, in lieu of fees, can prefent at each af-lizes, as the law now (lands, the fum of twenty guineas, and no more : and whereas the faid fum has been frequently found a very inadequate recompcncc for their great labour ana trouble in executing their fata office: be it enafted by the • -fong's mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and* con fen t of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this ad, it (hall and may be lawful to and for grand juries, in fuch parts of the kingdom in which they are now by law empowered to prefent for coroners, in lieu of fees, to prefent for the faid coroners any fum not exceeding forty guineas, at each aiUzcs, in lieu of fees, and inftead of the Anns which they are now by law empowered to prefent.

Preamble*

Grand juries may p'cfcnt fot coroners, iu lieu of fees, any fum not exceeding 40 1 guineas, each anijea.

CHAP.

^Digitized by

Google

* The thirtieth fear if George Ilf.

6t

A. D.

1790*

CHAP. XIX.

Amended 11	fif	farther amending an A A, Entitled, An A3 foe

O. 3. c. 4$. I.	continuing and amending an A3 paffed in the Twentj ficond

19-3*0.3.c	Tear of His prefent Majtfty's Reign, Entitled, An A3

3®. f- 3J*	.	for the Improvement of the City of Dublin, by making

*wide and convenient rajfages through the fame, and far regulating the Coal Trade thereof and for other Pur* pofes.

Recital 13 end 14 G. 3.

WHEREAS by an ad patted in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth year* of his prelent Majefty's Reign, entitled. An aff for continuing and amending an a£t faffed m the twenty-fecund year of hie prefent Majejifs reign, entitled, An a3 for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by making wide and convenient peffages through the fame, and for regulating the coal trade thereof \ and for other purpefee ; it is cnafted. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of March, ooe thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand eight hundred and ten, there (hall be granted, raifed, levied, colktied, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, a net additional duty of one (hilling for and upon every ton of coals, not being the produce of this kingdom, which (hall be imported or brought into the harbour of Dublin during the time aforefaid, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity, over and above all other duties payable for the lame ; and it is alfo enatted. That the commiffioners in the laid ad patted in the twenty-firft and twenty-fiecond years of his faid Majefty’s reign mentioned, might borrow at in-tereft not exceeding fix pounds per centum per annum, upon the credit of the faid duty, fuch ftim or fnms of money as they fhould judge necefiary for carrying the purposes of the faid ad into execution, and ittue debentures payable out of the produce of the faid duties, at the time to be named, fuch debentures carrying fuoh mtcreft as aforefaid, or mortgage or demife the faid duties, or a fufficicnt part thereof, as a fecurity for any fum or fums which fhould bt borrowed by them purfuant to the faid ad : and whereas the faid commiflioncrs under the faid power have borrowed the fum of forty-feven thoufand five hundred pounds upon debentures, bearing an intereft at the rate of five pounds • per centum per annum: and whereas it will tend to toe advancement of the purpofes of the faid ads, if the (aid commit* boners were empowered to raife and borrow, in manner

and

The thirtieth Tear qfdcorgt lit.

and at the rate of intereft in this aft mentioned, money*

Sufficient to pay off	the	faid fum,	and to enable them to

proceed in cffefting	the	purpofes	of the faid afts: be it

therefore enafted by the king’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefect parliament affembled, and by the authority	of the lame.	That the faid commit-	commUHoners

lionets, or any nine	or	more of	them, be, and they are	may borrow siw

hereby empowered, from time to time, to raife and borrow fum n6t apon loan, by debentures, fuch fum or fums of money as	41

they (hall think proper, not exceeding the fum of one hundred exceeding 4 per thoufand pounds, at fuch interefl not exceeding the rate of cent, four pounds per centum per annum, as they (hall agree upon.

II.	And be it enafted, That the laid commiflioners, or Commiffioners nine or more of them, lhall, for fuch fum or fums as to give deben-

(hall be fo borrowed, give the perfon or perfons paying or tares entitling lending the fame, one or more debenture or debentures, under their hands, acknowledging the receipt of fuch fum without fee, flee, or fums, and entitling the penon or perfons paying or lend-. iag the fame, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, to fuch intereft as aforelaid, to be paid by half-yeaiiy payments, on every twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fifth day of December, without any fee or charge, and firee from all deduftions, defalcations, or abatements whatsoever, until fuch time as their principal money lhall be paid off at one entire payment, and fuch debentures or receipts lhall be numbered in arithmetical pragreffion, where the common excefsor difference is to be one, until the whole lhall be numbered*

III.	And be it enafted, That the faid commiffioners ^ Duty fubjeft lhall well and truly pay, or caufc to be paid to the perfon to payment of or perfons lending fuch fum or fums, his, her, or their exe- 111 tcr^* cutors, adminiftrators, or affigns, the intereft agreed upon

ms aforelaid, according to the tenor of fuch debentures, and that the laid duty by the laid aft payable to the laid com-xniffioners, (hall be fubjeft to the payment of fuch intereft, until the principal money (hall be paid as aforelaid

IV.	And be it enafted. That in cafe default (hall be made If default In by the laid commiffioners in payment of the intereft to be- payment of in-come due on any debenture to be iffued in purfuancc-of this

aft, the Secretary to the laid commiffioners (hall, from time caSw herein, to time, at often as one years intereft lhall be due, on demand of the holder of any fuch debenture, at any time after ten days from the time fuch years intereft (ball be due, give to the perfon holding or producing the lame, a certificate under his hand, fpecifying the amount of the intereft due and unpaid on every fuch debenture; and if any fuch

Secretary

Digitized by

Google ,

Vice-tw»-furer, Sec ro tuyint croft ju Amin.

Hit Mijefty, &c. to receive out of duties payable to com* miffioDcrs, fo much as (hall be paid by rice, treafurer, Sec

’When47>50Ql.

. railed to be applied . to dif-chargefaidfuro, as hereafter.

Before debeo-turet paid* to advertife in Gasette.

The thirtieth Tear qf George ill.

Secretary (Kali not on fuch demand give fuch Certificate to the perfon requiring the feme, he (hiul forfeit for every fudt offence the ftun of two hundred pounds, to be recovered by n&ion of debt, bffl> plaint, or information, in any of hn Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin, by any perfoa who (hall fur for the feme, with full cofte of fuit, in which no privilege, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

V.	And be it enafted, 'That the vice-treafurer or vice-treafurers, receiver, or paymafter-general, of this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, fo often as any debenture, the intereft due on which (hall be fo unpaid, together vith fuch certificate as aforefeid, (hall be produced to him or them, (hall, out of any monies in his or their hands fubjod to the payment of the intereft of principal fums due by 4©* benturet or treafury bills, ifftied by the officers of his Ma-jelly’s treafury, on demand of the perfon producing any fuch debenture and certificate as aforefaid, weft and truly -pay to every fuch perfon the intereft fo certified to be due on every fuch debenture, and he or they (hall be allowed on his or their accounts fo much money as (haU have been <fo •paid.

. VI. And be it erased. That his Majefty, his heirs and ffucceffora, (hall be re-prized, and (hall recover and receive »out of the duty by the faid aft payable 4o Ifche faid core -miffioners, (b much money as (hall be fo paid by the vicc--treafurcr or vice-treafurers, or other officers of his Mljefty’s trelfury, in difcharge of any intereft to grow due oo sung" -fnch debentures, and*from thenceforth fo muchof the,faid -duties granted to the faid commiffioners as (hall be equal to an intereft at the rate of five pounds per centum per etnnumt cfor fuch principal fums on which any intereft (nail at any •time or times have been fo paid by the faid officers of the treafury, fhall'ftand veiled in his Majefty, his heirs and fue-ceffors, and (hall be paid into his Majefty’s treafury, as a fund for the difcharge of the future intereft of fuch principal fums on which any intereft (hall' hate been fo paid by 'fuch officers of the treafury, until fuch principal fums foall be paid.

VH. And be it further enafted, That the faid oomimf* Tioners, as foon as any fum or fums (hall be faifedond borrowed by virtue of this aft, equal to the amount of the principal foms specified in fuch debentures ifTued for the "(aid fum of forty-fqveu thou fa mi five, hundred pounds, »(hall pay and apply the fame to the difcharge of the faid fum, ia manner herein after prescribed.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid cottratf' ’(toners, before they (hall pay off any of the-debentures

1	heretofore

The thirtieth Tear of Georgt III.	6j

heretofore Blued, (hall caufe jo be publickly ^dvertifed in the Dublin Gazette, at lcaft one month before fach debentures (hall be paid off, the day on which the fame, together 'with all tntereft due thereon, (hall be paid off, and (hall require all perfons holding fuch debentures to bring them on fuch day to the office of the fecretary of the faid com-xniffioneTfc, to be mentioTied in fuch advert ifement to receive payment for the fame; and fuch perfona (hall upon payment thereof, deliver his, her, or their fcyeral and refpec-

A. D.

I79°* Chap. 19.

five debentures to the faid coinmiffionera or their fecretary to be cancelled, and he or they are hereby required to cancel the fame accordingly, and the intcreft of fuch debentures (hall ceafe from the day which (hall be fb advertifed for payment thereof,

IX. And be it ena&ed, That after payment of the faid 3„mg t0 ^ fum of forty- feven thou fa nd five hundred pounds, the re- applied to the jnainder of fuch money as (hall be railed and borrowed in widening of purfuanceof this ad, (hall be applied by the faid commit fioners as follows, that is to (ay, a part thereof not exceed* ing the fum of .twenty-one thoufand five hundred pounds to the widening of Dame-Street, and a further part thereof not exceeding the fum of tWenty-five thoufand pounds to pay the fcveral furas awarded by the juries, for the ptmehafe of the feveral grounds and premifes neceflary for the opening and continuation of Sackvilie-Street to the gew intended bridge.

X.	And whereas the great northern road is now opened ^ furt}lcr and widened, and become one of the principal approaches to open a pa£ to the metropolis, and it will be a great advantage to open foge iroml}or-»line to the fame, between Uorfet-Street and the cad fide of S**’?^*? *p Rutland-Squarc, through the Barley-Fields 1 be it ena&cd, *“ Iquare That a further part of the remainder of the faid money,

not exceeding the fum of five thoufand fix hundred pounds,

(hall be applied to open and compleat a paflage from DorfeU Street to the eaft fide of Rutland-Square.

XI.	Provided always, That no part of the (aid lad men- Said fumnot

tioned fum (hall be fo applied, until the right honourable to be appliedun-J-uke lord barop Mount joy, his heirs or affigos, (hall have	hw06"

conveyed, or procured to he conveyed to the faid commit** ^nveyed m fionsrs without any confederation, his or their oftatc and fierciq. intereft fo fuch grounds, as fhaH be neceflkry to open and

Compleat fuch paluge to not lefs than fuch breadth as may . be judged neccflary by find commiffioners, not exceeding eigfity-five feet.

XII.	And be ft farther coined, That the remaining 4^,1 soopm font of fogr hundred pounds, (ball be applied to open a paiuge from mrffare from Summer-Hill to the great northern road.	Summer-hill	to

FvTJt. i:. E	XIII,	And

Digitized by LjOOQle

The thirtieth Year of George ttL

xnentof dcbcc tores.

A* D. XIII. And be it ena£ta£ That when and as often as

1790.	there (hall, on any twenty-fourth day of June, or twenty Chap. 19. fourth day of December, after the year one thoufand fern hundred and ninety, t be any furplus or exceeding! of the Surplus to be faid duty after the payment of the iotereft on the debentures applied to pay- t0 ^	in purfuauce of this ad, and all expencea thit

tnay accrue in the execution of the (aid ads, or this prelent ad, or hare been or are authorized by the fame, amounting to the fum of one thou(and pounds; all fuch furplus on any of the faid days (hall be applied to the payment of fuch debentures, in manner following, that is to (ay, the dud commifiloncrs (hall caufe the numbers of fuch debentures for the feveral principal fums then Handing out, and the fums therein contained, to be written on feveral tickets or pieces of parchment, and to be rolled and fewed up in fuch manner as the faid commiffioners (hall dined, and put into a box or urn, and to be there well mixed together, and as indifferent perfon (hall publickly, between the hours of tea in the forenoon and three in the afternoon, of fuch day or days as (hall by the faid commifliouers be publickly advet-tiled in the Dublin Gazette for that purpofe, at lcaift twenty days before, at the office of their fecrctary in the city of Dublin, in the prefence of three or more of the (aid com-miffioners, draw out of fuch box or urn fo many of (aid tickets, or pieces of parchment, as that the fums therein contained (hall amount in the whole to the furplus fo to be applied and paid iupurfuance of this ad, and the perfon or perfons, the number of whofe debentures or receipts (hall be lb drawn, his or their executors, adminiflrators, or aflig ns diall within twenty days after the faid tickets, or pieces of parchment (hall be drawn, be paid by the faid fecretary the principal fums to him, her, or them refpedively due, with intereft for the fame, at the rates aforefaid, until paid, and (hall upon payment thereof deliver his, her, and their fevt-ral and refpedive debentures or receipts to the (aid fecretary to be cancelled, which he is hereby required to cancel accordingly, and the intereft payable by virtue of fuch debentures or receipts (hall ceafe on the expiration of twenty-one days from the day of the drawing of faid tickets, or pieces of parchment.

^ ^	^	XIV.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if any

(landing outlia- of the debentures (landing out (hall by default of payment blc to a higher of the intereft as aforefaid, or by agreement or otherwife, rare o: iimicit. bc liable to a higher charge for, or rate of intereft than the «n otars, &c. other cf debentures, it (hall be lawful for the faid cora-mifiioners, and they are hereby required to difeharge the fame out cf fuch furplus or furplufles in preference to any others, aud they (hall give notice in the Dublin Gazette of

their

Debentures

Digitized by

Google

$le thirtieth fear of George III-

their intention to difeharge them ; and if any (hall not be produced to them for payment bn the day thereby to be appointed, all iritefeft (hall ceafe thereon from and after twenty days after the infehion bf fuch riotide.

XV.	And be it further enadted^ Ttat when and i» often as it (hall appear, to the faid commiffioners, or ahy nine or more of them, to be neccflary or expedient to alter any ftreet now built# or to form ariy new ftreet* in purfuance of the powers already vefted in them by former adb of parliament, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, by writing oinder their hands, td give notice to any or every of the perfon or perfons interefted in the houfeS, grounds# or premifes, through which the faid hev^ intended ftreet is to pafs, of alteration to be made as aforefaid, thit it is the intention of the faid commiflloncrs to have the intereft of the faid perfon or perfons valued by a jury, tb be impan-nelled for that purpofe.

XVI.	Arid be it further enddted, That if fuch perfon or . perfons ferved with filch notice, (hall afterwards boild or

eredfc any hotife, or Other improvement, on the faid preihi-fes, or any part thereof, or otherwife expend motley thete-on, the jury tb be impaUnelled for the purpdfe of Valuing the fevcral arid tefocdUve interefts therein, (hall not aifefs or award atiy fum of money, or other compenfation, for any building or improvement which (hall be made' after fuch notice given as aforefaid*

XVII.	And be it further eriadted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any jury, to be impannelled by virtue of this and the former adts of parliament, to affefs arid award fuch fums of money as to them (hall appear juft and reafonable for the injury and damage fuftained by filch perfon or perfons ferved with fuch notice, who (hall have discontinued their buddings or improvements from the tinie of the fervice thereof to the day of returning the verdidl of the faid jury.

XVIII.	And whereas the faid commiffioners, purfuant to the powers in them by law vefted, have for the piirpofe of making a convenient ftreet or paffagfc from his Majefty’s caftle of Dublin to the Parliament-Houfe and College-Green, caufed the old buildings on the fouth fide of Dame-ftrcct, from Palace-ftreet tb Trinity-ftreet, to be pulled down* and new buildings to be eredted on the faid fide*of the (aid ftreet, in fuch difedtion as they the faid commif-1 doners thought proper: be it enadtedby the Authority afore-faid. That whefifoever the ftfpe&ite proprietors of the grounds on the fouth fide bf Cfcllege-Greeri, between nitv-ftreet and Church-lane, (hall either bilild new houfes,

7	E	9

*i

A. D.2*

1790.

^Cb

Commiffioocra, fire to form ' new ftrte

jurjr riot to award for hodfes btxilc after notice ferved.

Jury may award turns td perfons difeou* turning buildings, At.

or

tec: betwtetf

Churchy to ranfd

Digitized by boogie

commiffioutr*.

6$	Tit	thirtieth	Tear	George III,

A# D. fr sew front houfes already buflt on {aid ground, they fluff

1790.	throw the front of fuch buildings back from College-Green, -Chap. 19; fo at to range in a line with the faid new buildings on the >—•—v—, fouth fide of Dame-ftrqyt, from South Great GeorgcVftreet ’with ntw fafeild- to Trinitydlrcet ; and that if they*- or any of them, (hall the front of fuch new buildings otherwife than aa aforefaid, he or they (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered by a&ion, bill, plaint, or infor-' station; and it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commif* fioners, or any five or more of them, to ifliie their warrant to the (fccriffs of the faid city, which warrant they are hereby authorized and required to obey, to caufe fo much of the faid buildings as (hall encroach on fuch range to be prottrated and abated, without the faid com million era, or the faid (heriffs, or any perfons employed by them, being liable to anfwer any damages for the fame.

Lineof a new XIX, And be it enabled, That when any new ftreet is fireet, &c. to be to be bid out, the line of fueh ftreet (hall be approved of by nine or more of the faid commiflioners before any building fhall be commenced ; and where any addition is to be made to a ftreet, part of which is already built, that fuch additions (hall be built in fuch line as (hall be approved of by the faid commiflioners, or any nine or more of them,

» under fuch penalties of fine and abatement at are herein before meutioped.

XX. And whereas the faid commiflionersintend forthwith .. to caufe the buddings on the north fide of College-Green and Dame-ftreet, from Anglefea-ftrect to Euftace-ftreet, to be pulled down, and new buildings ere&ed in the (lead thereof, in fuch direction as they the faid commiifioners (ball think proper : be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That whenfoever the refpeftive proprietors of the grounds on the north fide of Dame-ftreet, from Euftace-ftreet to ,P*rUament-ftrcet, (hall cither build new houfes, or new building* op.1 front houfes already built on the (aid ground, they (hall polite.	r	huifyijpr new front .the fame in a ftyle or manner cdrrefpon-

dent witfh the ftyle and manner of the fronts of the new hujtdfapp already erected on the fouth fide of Dame-ftreet aforefaid, oppofite to the faid ground, or in fuch ftyle and d^BMier as (hall be dire&ed by the faid commiflioners, and ^ wch;line thre&ion *8 to the front thereof as (hall be ,cUfe^w>nlikemanner.

Immediately \	PrP’idcd	always.	That	immediately	after	fiich new

gler bwldings	(hall be ere&ed, or new fronts made in manner

i&rcKud, the (aid commiflioners or any five or moit of them, (hall, out of the frmds vetted, *nd to be vefted in ttenM^at^as them, caufe to be paid to the proprietors of fuch houfes the ^Itafonable value of the difference of the expence between J	fronting

Houfes built on north fids

Hoafet to be

The thirtieth J*ear o/Gcorgc III.

fronting fuch houfes in manner aforefaid, and ere&ing plain fronts of brifck, with ftone wmdow-ftools, and door-cafes; and aIro all fuch damage as (hall by fuch proprietor or proprietors be fuftained, by means of ebc&ing fuch front in the line fo dire&ed, fuch expence and damage, in cafe of diC* agreement, to be afetrtained by a jury, to be fummotied in like manner as juries are fummoned by the faid commif-fioners.

XXII.	And whereas the faid commiffioners intend fpeedi-ly to caufe the buildings on tlic well fide of Droghcda-ftreet Wh oneaft fids to be pulled down, and new buildings to be erc&ed inftead

thereof, to range in aline with the well fide of SackvtUe- refpondwith

ftreet : be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from buildings eroft-

the time fuch new buildings (hall be erefted, the refpe&ive on wsftfide.

proprietors of the grounds on the eaft fide of Drogheda*

ftreet, when they (hall either build new houfes, or new-

front houfes already built, on the faid eaft fide of Drogheda*

ftreet, (hall build or new front the fame in a ftyle or manner

correfpondent with the ftyle and manner of the fronts of the

new buildings ro be ere&ed on the weft fide of Drogheda-

ftreet as aforefaid, or in a ftyle or manner to be agreed upon

by the faid commiffioncrs at the time.	t

XXIII.	Provided always. That immediately after fuch new buildings (hall be ere&ed, and new fronts made in manner aforefaid, on the faid eaft fide of Drogheda-ftreet, the faid commiffioncrs, or any five or more of them, (hall, out of the funds veiled, and to be veiled in them, caufe to be paid to the proprietors of foch houfes the reafonable value of the difference of the expence between fronting fuch houfes in the manner aforefaid, and ere&ing plain fronts of brick, with ftone wmdow-ftools, and door-cafes, fuch difference of expence, in cafe of difagreement between the faid commiffioners and proprietors, to be afeertained in like manner as herein before provided, with refpedl to Dame-ftreet.

Immediately after buildings ftiall be eroded, proprietors to be paid difference of expcnce, dec. as herein.

XXVII. And whereas there are many narrow ftreet*,' lanes, and paflages in the city of Dublin, and the liberties thereof, where there are wafte and unbuilt grounds, or where houfes and buildings have been heretofore made, and fuch houfes or buildings have fallen, or are going into decay, and the opening and widening of fuch narrow ftreets, lanes, anfl paflages would be of great benefit to all and every the inhabitants of fuch narrow ftreets, lanes, and pdfeges, and alfo to tfie owners and proprietors thereof, and of fuch wafte or unbuilt grounds or houfes, and would be a great improvement to the (hid city: be it cnadfced, That where the faid commiffi- 'Where there oners, or any three or more of them (hall deem it expedient to wafte open or widen any fuch ftreet, lane, or paftage, and a jury

'■*	•	ftIBll-*to	decay	in	nar-



t

►

Af D.	(ball have aflefled	and awarded, or (hall affefs and award the

1790.	fum or films to be paid to the feveral perfons intcrefted in fo

Chap. 19. much *>f every fuch ftreet, lane, or paflage, as (hall be valued ^^ by fuch jury for the pqrpofe of widening fuch ftreet, lane,'fas row Greet*, See. paflage, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiflion* m* or an? ^ree °r mor? °f t^c®> upon application made in ftrott^Wc. when writing by the perfon or perfons owning or entitled to two jWy award ton* parts in three ot	the front of either fide of every foch ftreet,

M herein.	lane, or paflage,	to afTek and applot the whole amount of

fiich fum or fums fo awarded, or to be awarded by every fuch. jury on aU the owners or proprietors of the grounds to the fronts op both fides of every fuch Greet, lane, or paffage fo widened, or to be widened in rateable proportions according to the number of feet running meafure, which every fuch v-owner or proprietor (hall have, or be entitled to in both the fronts of fiich ftiyet, lane, or paflage; and in cafe fuch owner or proprietor, or owners or proprietor as aforefeid, or any of them, his, her, or their heirs or representatives, (hall refufe or negle<& to pay to the faid commiflioners, or to their clerk or Secretary for the time being, fuch fum or fums as (hall or , may have been fo applotted upon them refpedivcly as afore* fsid, within fix calendar months from the date of fuch ap-plotment, that theu it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or any there or more of them, by one or more deed or deeds in writing under their hands and feals, to grant, bargain, fell, and aflign the feveral fums of money which (hall have been fo as aforefaid applotted upon fuch of the owners or proprietors qf every fuch ftreet, lane, or paflage, as have declined or refufed to pay the tone within the find (pace of fix months as aforefaid, to any per* fon or perfons who (hall advance and pay the fum or fums fo applotted and remaining unpaid to the faid commiflioners, fuch fum or fums to be applied by them to the purchase of application of fuch parts of the faid ftreet, lane, or paflage, as (hall be ne. fums.	ceflary for the opening and widening of fuch ftreet, lane, or

paflage-

1	XXVlII. And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral Sums grant- firms of money to be as aforefaid granted, fold, or afligned, eJ, fold, ire. by by virtue of, or in purfuance of this ad, (hall bear and be ^jedt 10 an *ntcr*G after the rate °f Sr* pounds ter centum jnterdt of 6b° P** aanum> a°d that M wc^ the (aid feveral fums of money fo per cent. to be afligned aflphe faid infereft for the tone, at the rate aforetod, to be computed from the day of the date of every fuch aflignment, (hall be charged and chargeable upon, and (hall be deemed and taken to be a lien and incumbrance upon the grounds of, or belonging to every fuch owner or proprietor, (ituatc in every fuch relpedive ftreet, lane, or paflage at afoftjfaid> and every fuch charge, lien, and incumbrance (hall

have

If principal

The thirtieth Year of George III.

have, and (hall be deemed and taken to have the fame priority in payment according to the date of fuch alignment, as if the affignee or grantee of every fuch charge, lien, and incumbrance, or the perfon or perions entitled beneficially to the principal and intereft fecured thereby refpe&ively, was or • were mortgagee or mortgagees thereof.

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed. That if the principal m ^ ^ fum or funis fo to be granted and affigned by virtue of this tnd i^tercif be a&, and the interred thereof, or any of them, (hall not be dlf- not paid within charged and paid by the owner or proprietor of fuch grounds 4 Tcar»»

pr premiffes whereon the fame (hall have been applotted as afbrefaid, their heirs, executors, adminillrators, or afligns, rdpcdively, within four years from the refpe&ive date of every fuch deed or deeds, aflignment or alignments, that then, add in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the grantee or grantees, affignee or affignees of every fuch grantee, &e. deed or deeds, alignment or alignments, his, her, or their may levy fum heirs, executors, or adminillrators, or the perfon or perfons	******

fn whom the fame (hall be veiled, or to whom the beneficial c***** interefl thereof (hall belong, to raife and levy fuch fum and films, together with the interefl thereof as aforefaid, by fide of the owners or proprietors ellate or intereft in the faid pie- , prides upon a bill to be filed in a court of equity for that purpofe, together with the full cods of fuch fuit or proceedings, and to have every other remedy for the recovery of the principal money, intereft, and cods due, or to accrue dne upon every fuch aflignment in fuch and the like manner %o all intents and purposes as if fuch perfon or perfons were adual mortgagee or mortgagees of theeilate or intereft of every fuch owner or proprietor of the faid grounds or preludes.

XXX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That this a& (hall be declared a publick a61, and.

/hall be deemed and taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juflices, and voth$rs, in all courts and places, without pleading the fame*

A public

CHA|,

♦

a

The thirtieth year of George Ilf*

CHAP. XX.

44^*3^15.	*•	Tarmonbury	cm	the	River	Shannon.

Am An for the better enabling the Royal Camel Company to car* ry on and compUat the Royal Canal from the City cj Dublin

tommencemetat fetid fine of cfe% Halt

WHEREAS by an adpafled in the twenty-ninth yefer of the reign of his prefent Majefly, entitled* Am AS for thepromotion and encouragement of inland navigation) it is enadfd, That fo (bon as any of the fubferibers to any of the undertakings therein mentioned, (hould be conftituted and created into a body corporate, they fhould bej and ftaad in veiled with, and hold and enjoy all aud lingular the like powers, privileges, advantages and authorities iii all thing*, for the ptirpofes of carrying on the navigations, and off* branches therein itientionoi, as were before tne pafiing of that ad veiled in the corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland, and as were then veiled in the company of undertakers of the Grand Canal, for the purpofe of enabling them to carry on the faid canal: and whereas the undertakers for compleating a navigable canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury, on the river Shannon, purfu* ant to their petition prefented the to houfeof commons the lad feflions, as fo the (aid ad mentioned, have fince pafiing the faid ad been incorporated by the name of the Royal Canal Company: and whereas it lias become neceflary for the laid company to deviate in feme refpeds from the plan propofed by the laid petition, for the commencement of the faid navigation from the city of Dublin j and it is neceflary to invdfc the faid company with further powers for the carrying on and compleating the faid navigation, and the off-branches therefrom, and for the regulating and conducting the fame: be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft excellent Ma-jefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi*-ritual and temporal, and commons in nhis prefent Parliament afiemblea, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid company, and their fuccefiors, be, and are hereby empowered and fully authorized by tbcmfelves, their agents, overfeers, workmen, and fervants to carry on and compleat the afoi eiaid navigation, between the city of Dublin and the afortfcid town of Tarmonbury on the river Shannon, as follows, (that is to fay) the faid navigation to commence from the city of Dublin by two navigable cuts or canals, one of the (aid navigable cuts to commence, and be cut and made from

the

/Google

The thirtieth Tsar of fteorgfc MI*

the river 1 JBcy to fuch part thereof at the eaftward of the New Cuftom-rloufe, as the faid company (hall judge moft expedient, and the other of the faid navigable cuts to com* jnence at or near fuch part of Conftitution Hill, otherwife called Glafnevin-Road, as the faid company (hall find moft expedient, each of the faid navigable cuts or canals to be cot and made in fuch dire&ions as that they (hall unite hear Profpeft, on the road leading from Dublin to Glafnevin, and at that place form one canal, which is from thence to be conduced through the lands of Cabiah and Alhtown, in the faid county of Dublin, in or near fuch line and direction, dad in fuch manner as is delineated and deferibed in and by a map thereof, lately lodged with the clerk of the houfe of commons, and the faid navigation is from thence to be conduced to or near the faid town of Tarmonbury, by a line to becarried on near Lucan, Leixlip, Maynooth, Kikock, Kinnegad, and Mullingar; and further, that the faid company be, and are hereby empowered and authorized to make fuch navigable cut8 from fuch part or parts of the aforefaid line of navigation, as may appear to them expedient, to or towards the towns of Trim, Athboy, Kells, and Caftletown-Delvin; and alfo to make and cut all fuch navigable off-branches from the faid line of navigation to fuch market towns, or other places, as may to them feem moft expedient, and to open all rivers, and make all fuch outlets, and other off-branches, cuts, and navigations, refervoim, palfages, dams, and weirs, as may by the faid Royal Canal company be judged neceffary for carrying on the laid works, and fupplying the find navigation and off-branches with water.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Royal Ca-ral company be, and are hereby invefted with, and that they company *o en-(ball from henceforth hold and enjoy all and every the like i°7 powers, privileges, advantages, and authorities in all things, JS/ctaSdCa-for the purpofes of carrying on the faid navigation and off-nalj branches, in manner aforefaid, as were at any time before the palling of this a& veiled in the corporation, for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland, by virtue of the feveral a&s of parliament heretofore palled in this kingdom relative to, ana concerning inland navigation, and as are now veiled in the company of undertakers of the Grand Canal, for the purpofes of enabling them to carry on the laid canal, by virtue of an a& palled in this kingdom, in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his prefent . Majefty, entitled. An ASfor enabling certain perfons to entry on and compieat the Grand Cana!; and alfo the like powers as are by the faid a£ls relative to inland navigation veiled in the laid corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation m Ireland, and as are now veiled in the ibid company

of

Royal Canal

♦

-	>	a:

oogle



A- D. of undertakers of the Grand Canal, for enabling them to

1790.	purchafe, and to fuxnmon juries for the Tabling of any lands,

Chap. 20.	houfes, tenements, and hereditaments, except only gardens

■—V— '*J and orchards, the produce whereof (hall not be intended for public fale, yards, lawns, walled deer parks, and planted avenues, as may be neceflary for completing the laid navigations, and for making fuch wharfs, quays, ftore-hoo&s, market-houfes, locks, bafons, docks, and other conveniences as may be by the faid Royal Canal company judged oeccf-fary, and that the faid Royal Canal company may be enabled to hold fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as they fhalhfo purchafe; and further, that the faid Royal Ca-pal company (hall be, and are hereby inverted with the like powers to take, turn, and draw into the faid navigation and off* branches, the waters of all fuch rivers, rivulets, lakes, and brooks, as may he neceflary for carrying on the aforefaid works, and fupplying the faid navigations and off-branches with water, they, the faid company firft making compenfr tion, as by the faid ads direded, to the owners and proprietor of any mills or bleach-greens which may be damaged by the faid works, or by carrying off fuch water or waters; provided fuch mills or bleach-greens were ereded before the firft day of April, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine.

Notts draw HI. Provided always, and be it enaded, That it (hall not °o^flow«Tntol	f°r the	Royal Canal company to take, turn,

Gmd°Ciaal.0 or draw *nto ^e	navigation, or off-branches, or any of

£hem, aijy water from any lake, river, rivulet, ft ream, brook, or refervoir, the water of which now flows into the Grand Canal.

IV.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hal After 14 miles be con (trued to empower the faid Royal Canal company,

a^tcr l^c7 have proceeded in the execution of the laid nearer than 4	navigation to the diftance of fourteen miles from the city of

miles from	Dublin, to mrke any navigable cut or cuts at a nearer dif»

Grand Canal, tance than four miles from the prefent Grand Canal, ex-exccptM herem* cept where it may be neceflary for the Royal Canal to take water for the fupply of the faid navigation, which is not ufed for the Grand Canal, and except for the purpofe of fupplying the city of Dublin, or elfewhere, with turf.

V.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That nothing herein contained (hall hinder or prevent, or be deemed or taken to hinder or prevent the faid company from purchafing for the ufe and purpofes of the (aid navigations, and off-branches, any garden, orchard, yard, walled deer-park, or planted avenue, or any part thereof, by agreement with the proprietor or proprietors thereof.

VI.	And



. tized by

%	The	thirtieth	Tear	ef George III.

VI.	And whereas it has happened that after notice had been given of an intention of conducing a canal or inland navigation through particular grounds or lands, the proprietor or tenants of fuch grounds or lands have made leafes, or entered into agreements in writipg for leafes to other per Tons at advanced and exorbitant rents, thereby to procure upon the evidence of fuch leafes, or valuation by jury of fuch grounds and lands to a much greater amount than the real value thereof, for remedy whereof; be it ena&ed, That all and every kale or leafes, grant or grants, article or articles ^^"aThweia, in writing, of what nature or kind foever which has, or have void. 4	’

been, or (hall be made or executed by any proprietor of any lands, grounds, tenements, or premifes through which faid Royal Canal, or any of the off-branches thereof, (hall be conduced, or is or are, or (hall be intended to be condu&ed, after notice in writing has been given, or (hall be given to filch proprietor, of the condu&ing, or intention of condud-ing fuch canal or navigation, or off- branches, or any of them, through fuch land, ground, tenements, or premiffes, (hall be null and void, as againft the faid company; and fuch leafe or leafes, grant or grants, article or articles, (hall not be received as evidence of the value of fuch lands, grounds, tenements, or premiffes, by any jury who (hall be impannelled to value the ftune, unlefs it (hall appear by the oaths of both the leffor and leffec, grantor and grantee therein, to be taken before the jpry, and the commimonei* appointed to hold fuch valuation, that fuch leafe or leafes, grant or grants, article or articles was or were made and executed in purfuance of fome agreement really and bona Jide entered into (jx months at leatt before fuch leffor or grantor had received fuch notice as afore-iiud, and that inch agreement was entered into without the parties thereto, pr either of them having had any knowledge or notice whatever that fuch navigation was intended to be conduced through fuch lands, grounds, tenements or pre-ipiffea.

VII.	provided always, and be it enafted. That all fuch leafes, grants, and articles, fave as to fo much of the lands. What leafes, grounds, tenements, and premiffes thereby demifed or grant- binding, cd, as (ball be actually occupied for the purpofes of fuch navigation as aforefaid, (hall be fully binding and condufive upon the grantor or grantors, and the grantee or grantees therein; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof hi any wife notwitnftanding.

VIII.	And be it enaded. That the commiflioners who	<jif-

AaB, purfuant to the powers veiled in the faid company, be obeying fum" fjrom time to time appointed by the faid Royal Canal com- moning juries, pany for fummoning juries, and holding inquifitions for the *°h ^gltiiqg of any lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premiffes,

to

Leafes made

Google

The thirtieth Tear of GeoTgt III.

A. D.

*79°* Chap. 2Q.,

Company may purchafe land* not exceeding 5 col. per ton.

Perfon not to vote at elections.

Lawful to receive duties, as herein.

to be made ufe of for the purpofes of the faid navigation, and off-branches, or any three or more of the faid com million era, fhall have full power and authority to hy and impofe any reafonable fine, not exceeding twenty pounds, for any one offence, upon any fheriff or fhenfft who fhall difohey any precept or precepts duly and legally ifiued by the faid commiffi-oners, or any three or more of them, for fum noning any jury or jury for valuing any lands, grounds, tenements, or premises, for the purpofes of the (aid navigation, or of£ branches; and alfo any tine, not exceeding ten pounds each,' upon any juryman or jurymen who fhall not attend upon fuch jury or juries, upon being fummoned forty-eight hours before the day appointed for the meeting of fuch jury or juries, all which fiUes fhall be* eftreated into his Majefty's court of Exchequer, and (hall be levied in fuch manner fines impofed by the judges at mjipritu upoq fheriffs or jurors, arc eftreated or levied.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-feid, That the (aid Royal Canal company fhall be capa-able in law to purchafe and take any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, over and befides thofe to be ufed for the purpofes of the faid navigations, not exceeding the value of five hundred pounds by the year, at the time of fuch purchafe or taking, and to grant, alien, demife or difpofe of the fame, or any part thereof, at their free will and pleafure.

X.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That it fhall not be lawful for any of the member or members of the faid company, or any perfon whatever to vote at an eleftion of any member or members of parliament for any city, county, or borough within this kingdom, in right of any eftate or in-tcreft id any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which may be purchased or acquired by the faid company, by virtue or' in purfuance of any of the powers by this aft vefted in the* faid company, and that no perfon whatever.(hall by virtue or in right of any grant, leafe, or demife whatever made to him* by tne faid company of any fuch lands, tenements, or heredi-f taments, or of any eftate or intereft therein derived mediately or immediately under the faid company, have or acquire any right whatever, to vote as an eleftor on any fuch eleft ion as aforefaid, any thing in this aft contained notwith (land** ing.

XI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in confideration of the expence and trouble which the faid company (hall be put to in making and maintaining the faid navigation, and the off-branches thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid xompany and their fuccefiors, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to afk, demand, receive,

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

ceive, and fue for, to the ufc of the faid company, and their fucceflbra, the feveral rates and duties herein after mentioned, (that is to fay) for eveij boat or other veffel navigating . the laid navigation and off-branches, or any part thereof, "either upwards or downwards, in which any goods, merchandizes, or commodities, or other matter whatever, (hall be earned, fuch rates and duties as the faid company ordain and appoint, not exceeding the fum of three pence for every mile for and upon every ton of the burthen or tonnage of ; fuch boat or other vefTel, or for every ton weight of fuch * goods, merchandizes or commodities whatfoever, which (hall be carried upwards or downwards upon the faid navigation, at the difcretion of the faid company, and an additional rate not exceeding two pence per ton for every lock which (hall be pafTed by any fuch veffel through the communication •f the faid navigation, between the jun&ion of the aforefaid navigable cuts at Glafnevin road aforefaid, and the river Uf*.

fave and except, and provided always, That no higher toll than three half-pence per mile, be charged on each ton weiget of corn, meal, malt, or flour, brought to Dublin by the faid navigation.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That the faid company may in like manner afk, demand, receive, and fue for to the ufc of the faid company for each palTenger in any veffel navigating upon the faid canal, any fum not exceeding two pence for every mile fuch paffenger (hall be carried.

XIII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe of refufal to pay the faid feveral duties, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid company and their fer-vants, either to diftrain fuch boats or other vt fills, or the £Ood& therein for the. fame,, and dtfpofe thereof, as is uiual *n cafes of diftrefs for non-payment of rent, or to fue for the recovery of the lame by civil bill: and in cafe any difputc fhall arife touching the fum to be paid for any fuch rate, the fame (hall be adjufted by any juflice of the peace of the county or city in which fuch difpute fhall happen, with liberty for cither party to appeal from fuch determination to the next going judges of afiize for the county wherein fuch difpute (hall arife; or in cafe the faid difpute fiuU arife in the city of Dublin, or in the county of the u d city, to thejuftices of the faid city or of the faid county, at the quarter- fefiions, whofe determination therein (hall be finL

XIV.	And be it ena&edby the authority aforefaid,' That so duty, rate, toll, or cullom whatfoever, fave the rates bere-

' in mentioned, (hall be taken for, upon, or but of any gooda, merchandizes, commodities, or other matter whatfoever which (hall or may be carried by the (aid navigation, *o or far any place whsitfaevcrm

'	XV. Provided

Company to receive vd. per mile for each paffenger.

On refafid, veflcl* or goods may be diurain-ed, &c.

No duties but thofc mentioned.

Digitized by

Google

Hoc to deprive corporation of Dublin of their

Proprietors of joint uock entitled to tolls.

Company may determine Wages of boatmen, dec.

Efye lawt put into waiting.

the thirtieth Teat of George til*

XV.	Provided always, and be it farther enafted, Thai any thing herein contained, (hall not extend, or be'conftntcd to extend to the depriving the corporation of the city o( Dublin, of any toll or cuftom that they have hitherto been in titled to receive on goods brought into, or carried out of the county of the faid city of Dublin*

XVf. And be it enaded by the authority afordaid. That the proprietors of the laid Joint dock, their executors, miniftrators, and afiigns, (hail be entitled to the tolls, duties, advantages, and profits hereby veiled in the faid company, in proportion to their refpc&ive intereils in the joint dock of the faid company, and to the foil and water of the faid navigation and off-branches, together with the banks thereof, and fiich portions of ground as the faid company are impow-ered to acquire by virtue of this a&, fubje& to fuch charges as the faid company dull think fit to make for the com* pleating and prefervmg of the faid works, and that the laid proprietors intered therein, (hall be deemed and adjudged in all courts of law and equity, to be perfonal and not real edate, and (hall alfo be deemed and adjudged in the hands of the faid proprietors, their executors, adminidrators, and afiigns, not lubje£l to, or to be affc&ed by any of the laws to prevent the growth of popery, or fubje£l to any difeovery under the fame, and that no perfon being or becoming a member or fubferiber for carrying on the (aid navigations* (hall thereby, or in refpeft of his intered in the capital dock of the faid company, be liable to be a bankrupt, with* in the meaning of any law concerning bankrupts, nor (hall the capital dock of the faid company, or the intered of any particular member therein be liable to any foreign attach* meot.

XVII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefatd. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Royal Canal company, by their bye-laws to be paffed by them in fuch manner as dire&ed by the charter by which they aiSre incorporated, to fettle and determine the wages of boat-men, or other perfons who (hall carry or convey goods in any vef* fcl upon the faid navigations, and to make luch rules, orders, and regulations, as they (hall think fit for the well governing fuch boat-man, and all other perfons navigating upon the faid navigations, and to impofe reafonable fines and forfeitures upon all perfons offending therein, the (aid fines and forfeitures to be levied by fuch ways and means as the faid company (hall direct by fuch their bye-laws, fo as that no fuch fine (hall exceed upon any perfon for one offence five pounds.

XVIII.	And be it ena&ed, That all fuch bye-laws as (hall be made by the faid company, purfuant to the directions



Digitized by

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

79

tions of the laid charter, (hall be put into writing, under A. D. the feal of the fa id company, and (hall be binding upon, 1790* and be obferved by all parties to whom the fame (hall re- Chap. 20. late, and (hall be fufficient in any court of law or equity, to juftify all perfons who (hall a& under the fame, or in levying any penalty or forfeiture thereby incurred.

XIX.	Provided neverthelefs, That any perfon who (hall Perfona »g. think himfelf aggrieved by any order or judgment made in grieved may purfuance of any fuch bye-law, may complain, within three	**■

months after fuch order or judgment, to the juftices at the quarter-feffions in the county wherein fuch bye-laws (hall be carried into execution, or in the county of the city of Dublin, which faid juftices (hall in a fummary way hear and determine the (aid complaint at fuch quarter-frifions, and if they fee caufe, may mitigate or alter fuch fine or forfeiture, and may order any’ money to be returned which (hall have been levied or paid in purfuance of fuch bye-law, and may alfo order fuch further fatisfa&ion to be xhade, and give fuch cofls to the party injured as they (hall judge reafonable ; and if any Complaint (hall appear to the faid juftices to be made without juft caufe, that then the faid juftices may order the party complaining to pay fuch cofts, not exceeding five pounds, to the party againft whom fuch complaint (hall be made, as the faid juftices (hall judge reafonable ; and the faid juftices (hall iiTue their warrant for levying fuch money fb ordered to be returned, or to be paid, or fuch cofts fo given, by diftrefs of the goods and chattels of the perfon who fhaU be liable to pay the fame.

I XX. And be it enafted, That no otder or refolution of Order of cor the corporation, court of dire&ors, or other meeting of poration, &c. faid corporation, be altered, refunded, or re-confidered, how refunded, without giving (even days notice at the leaft m writing to the perfons prefent at the time fuch order or refolution was made.

XXI.	And whereas it is probable that the faid canals, or fome off-branches from the fame, may run through bog, in which cafe it may be neceflary for the faid company, in order to render permanent filch parts of the faid navigation as may pafs through fuch bog, to take in a reafonable quantity in breadth of fuch bog on each fide of the faid canal; be it therefore enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid company, and they are hereby empowered and au-thorized to caufe to be valued, and to take in, and purchafe bog. P fuch portions of fuch bog as they .may judge expedient, tiot exceeding in breadth fifty perches on either fide from the banks of the faid navigation, fuch valuations and pur-chafes to be made in fuch manaer as the faid company are	#	r

hereby

io	The	itirtietl	Tear	ef George III.

A* D. hereby empowered to purchafe lands, tenements, and here-1790. ditamenu, lor the purpofcs of the (aid navigation.

Chap. ao« XXII. And he it further enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid company to make and ereft one or Twnpikes more turnpikes upon and acrofs any of the trackways aaay be eroded. which (hall be made on either fide of the faid navigation, and off-branches, and to take and receive to their own ufc for all carriages, horfes, mares, geldings, mules, calves, hoes, (beep, and lambs, which (hall pafs into or upon the faid trackways, the like tolls which the truRee6 for amending and repairing the road leading from Dublin to Mullingar, are now by law intitled to take aud receive for carriages, horfes, mules, cattle, calves, hogs, fheep, aud lambs, paffing upon the (aid road.

If tolls on	XVIII.	And	be It ena&ed, That in cafe the tolls now

road altered, payable upon the feveral articles aforefaid, paifing upon the faid road leading from Dublin to Mullingar, (ball at any flail be altered. time or times hereafter be altered or varied, the tolls to be taken and received by the faid company, upon the fevenl articles, matters, and things aforefaid, paifing upon the faid trackways, (hall upon every fuch alteration or variation be, and Hand altered and varied accordingly, fo as that the tolls to be taken and received by the faid company upon the fc« veral articles, matters, aqd things aforefaid, paffing upon the (aid trackways, (hall at all times hereafter be the like toDs as thofe to be taken and received by the faid truftees Upon the like articles paffing upon the faid road from Dub* iin to Mullingar.

How tolls are XXIV. And be it enacted. That the faid company be, end 10 be levied. are hereby empowered by themfelves, or any perfoq or pci-fons by them authorized to levy the faid laft mentioned tolls fo to be paid to them upon the feveral articles, matters, and things aforefaid, palling upon the faid trackways, by diftrefg, feizure, fale, detention, or otherwise, as fully and . extenfively as the truftees of the fa veral turnpike roads in this kingdom are empowered to levy the tolls payable on fuch roads refpeAively.

1mm power « XXV. And be it ena&ed. That the faid company, their railing gra- agents and fervants, be, and are hereby invefted with all vel,&c. as over- and every the fame powers aud authorities for railing and Ikts e! roads, carrying away gravel, (tones, earth, and other materials for the works of the faid navigations and off-branches, as are veiled in overfeers of public roads, by feveral acts of parliament in that cafe made and provided, fubje& to the fame regulations and reitri&iona to which fuch overfeers are by the faid a&s made fubje£t.

Owner of XXVI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority nfore* toy nnflppcrable faid, That the owner of every boat or veflel navigating the for damage s	faid

dsoebycrew.

Digitized byCjOO^lC

*Thc thirtieth Tear of George III.

•r

canal or navigation, or any of the off-branches thereof A. D* (hall be anfwerable for any damage or mifehief which (halt 1790. be done by any of the crew or perfons belonging to fuch Chap. 20. boat or veffel, to any of the works of the faid navigation, to be recovered by the faid company by civil biU, and (hall mlfo be anfwerable for any damage or mifehief which (hall be done by any of the crew or perfons belonging to fuch boat or veffel to any of the goods laden in fuch boat or yefleb fuch damage to be recovered by the owner or owners pf fuch boat or vcffeL pr goods fo damaged, by civil bill,

-frithin the County wherein fuch damage (hall be done.

XXVII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Owner of That if any perfon having the charge or management of boat ohftru&iog ♦ny bpat or other veffel, or navigating or working the fame,	*c

ihall lay fuch boat or veffel fo as to obftreCfc the paffage of 4°* pther boats or veifcls, and (hall not upon fequeft immediately remove the lame, or (hall hinderthe opening or (hutting pf any of the locks, duices, dams, or other work* of the faitt navigation, or if the perfon having the care or management Of fuch veffel, (hall be abfent, unlefs bv reafon of Tome inevitable accident from the boat or veffel to which he belongs, at any time during the courfe of the paffage on the /aid canals or off-branches, tiery perfon fo offending, (hall 4pr every fu£h offence forfeit any fum not exceeding forty dniQings, to be recovered and levied by any perfon who (hall give information thereof, and prove the fame by the oath of pne credible witnefs before any of his Majefty's juftices of the peace, which faid juftice is hereby impowered to levy Jbc faid penalty off the offenders gopds and chattels, by ^ravrSnt Under his band and feal.

XXVII I. And be it further1 enabled by the authority afore* Penalties, AUi /aid. That if any perfon (hall wilfully throw any ballaft, tftones, dung, dirt, rubbifh, or clay into the fard 'cami, puts, or ofi-branches, or in any of the parts of the faid navigation, or (hall without the confent of the faid company lay any Hones, dung, dirt, rubbifh, brick, lime, timber, or play upon any track-road or bank belonging to the faid canals or navigations, or any of the off-branches thereof, or ihall winnow corn Upon the faid banks or track-ways, fuoh pterfon being convifted of any of the faid offences before any juftice of the peace of the county, or of the county of Xhe city where fuch offence (hall be committed, by the bath jpf one witnefs at the lcaft, (hall forfeit to the faid company jhe fum of forty (hillings) and in cafe fuch offender (hall jlot immediately after con vision pay fuch fum, he or (he /tall by the warrant of the faid julticc be fent to the houfe 4>f correction, to be kept to hard labour for fuch time as jjioh juiiice (haH dire&, not exceeding three months; and

You IX.

if

Digitized by

If

A. D.

*790.

Chap. 20.

Of boats funk, Acc.

Jl. penalty opening any lock.

(ompitiy

may ho» row Money.

The thirtieth Tear f George III.

if any perfhn fhall keep any raft of timber or boards floating on the find navigation, or any part thereof, without the confeut of the faid company* fuch perfon being convicted thereof before any jultice of the peace as aforefaid, (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings to the faid company for every fuch offence, and (hall alfo make full fatisfa&ion to the faid company for any damage that may be done thereby. .

XXIX. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-f*id, That if any boat or other vefTel'fhall happen to De funk iii any of the faid navigations or off branches, and the owner or perfon having the care thereof, fhall not without fofs of time, weigh or draw up the fame out of the way of other veflels pafling upon the faid navigations or off-branches* any agent or fervant of the company may caufe fuch boat or vefTcl to be weighed or drawn up, and detain the fame until -payment be made of all expence occafioned thereby, and if fuch payment be not made in four days, fhall caufe fale to be made thereof, for re-imburfmg the faid expence or incident charges, and fhall return the overplus to the owner of •fuch boat or veffcl

XXX And be it further en~ Sled by the authority aforesaid, That if any pcifon fhall malicioufly open, or caufe to be opened, any lock, fluice, or dam-gate or water<ourfe belonging to the faid navigation, or fhall fo leave any of the fame open or running, after any boat or veffd fhall have pafTed any lock belonging to the faid navigation, or fhaH otherwife malicioufly mifpend or wallc the water of the faid navigation, every perfon for fuch offence fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds; and if any perfon or perfons fhall wilfully and malicioufly break down or damage* or caufe to be broken down or damaged any of the works which fhall be . made for the ufe of the faid navigation, all and every per-t fon and perfons fo offending, and being thereof convicted upon an information or indictment, fhall forfeit to the faid

*	company treble the fum nect-flary to be laid out in repair-

•	ing fuch damage, which fum fhall be afeertained by the jury who fhall try fuch offence, and the judge before whom fuch

•	offence fnall be tried, fhall commit fuch offender or offenders to the common gaol for the (pace of twelve months, or until he or they fhall pay to the faid company the fum or films

’ fo afeertained, which information 04* indictment fhall be laid in the county in which fuch offence fhall happen.

XXXI. And be it further ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That if the faid company fhall nave occafion at any

*	time to borrow money for carrying on faid works, it fhall be lawful for the (aidcompany to take up and borrow upon the credit of the faid works, and their cflate therein, any fum tint exceeding the amount of the fubfeription which fhall

have

Digitized by

Google

I

The thirtieth Tear of Gcargc IIT.

have been then aftually expended on faid work8, at any rate of intereft not exceeding the then legal intereft, and to ftrike debentures for fuch fum fo borrowed, in fuch manner as faid company by their bye-laws (hall appoint, which- debentures fhall be an aftual charge and lien upon fuch parts of the faid company’s eilate, as fhall be therein-fpecified.

XXXII. And be it further enabled by the authority afore* faid, That if any fuit (hall be commenced or pFofecuted againft any perfon or perfons for any thing which (hall be done in purfuance of this aft, fuch perfon may plead the general iflue, and give the fpccial matter in evidence, and that this aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick aft.

CHAR XXIII.

An At1 //> repeal certain Glaufes in an A3 pafed in tin Seventeenth and Eighteenth Tears of his Majeftfs Reign,

Entitled, An A3 to exclude Traders from the Benefit of an A3, Entitled, Aft Act to prevent Frauds committed by Bankrupts> atibo do not keep regular Books of Account, and for continuing the faid La*w, and other Purpofcs.

“TlTT HEEEAS by an aft pafied in the feventeenth and VV eighteenth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, O. $. c. 34-entitled. An a3 to exclude Traders from the benefit of an aQ, 3* entitled. An aQ to present frauds committed by, bankrupts, who do not keep regular books of account, and for continuing the faid law and other purpofes, it is enafted. That no perfon againft whom a commifiion of bankrupt (hall be iffued, (hall be entitled to any benefit of the faid aft, entitled, An aQ to prevent frauds committed by bankrupts, unlcfs it (hall appear to the major part of the commifiioners in fuch commifiion named, that fuch perfon or perfons hath or have kept ho-neftly and fairly a book or books, in which hath been entered an account of all his or their dealings, bills of exchange* drawn, endorfed, or accepted by him or them, of his and their debts, credits, and expences in houfe keeping, and alfo unlefs it fhall appear to fuch commifiioners, that fuch perfon or perfons fhall make out an inventory once in every two years at leaf!, in fuch book or books, of all his or their ef-fefts moveable, and immoveable* and of his or their debts and credits, fpecifying his or their profits and lodes on the	;*•

fame from time to time : and whereas the faid parts of the faid aft have been by experience found not to produce the fa	falutarj

Preamble to

Google



Tbt Mttiath Ttar ij George IIL

A. 0

conimiffioner* may grant certificate*.

Provided bankrupt has kept proper accounts.

ftstury Hrtirptfcs for which tbey were intended ; be it therefore enafted by the king's* moll eKceUentMajefty, by and with the advioe tad content of tbe lords fprntnal and temporal, and common* in this prefent parliament af-fotnbM, That the faid recited parts of the laid firft mentioned a61 be, and the fame arc hereby repealed, and that it •Audi and may be lawful for the commiffioneis named in any eommifiion of bankrupt heretofore iffued againfl any perfon or prrfom, to grant certificates to faeh perfon or perfons, and for the chancellor or keeper, or oomniifiioiters of the great fcal, to confirm fuch certificates as if tbe faid aft had never paffrd, and fuch certificates when confirmed Anil hare the fame force and effeft to all intents and purpofet, as if the laid aft had never been enafted.

11 Provided always, and be it enafted. That no bankrupt (hall be entitled -to his or her certificate, unlefs k fhall appear to fuch commiflioners that he or (he hath kept fair and regular books of account fuch as a trader ought to keep.

CHAP. XXV.

jin At1 to amend an AS, Entitled, An Act for promoting (be Improvement of Ports and Harbours in this Kingdom,

Corporation may l-.urrow any ljum as hercuu

VX^MEREAB the firm of ten thoufand pounds, which * * by an aft paflTed in the twenty-feventh year of his

MajcftyVreign, entitled, An aS for promoting the improve-r*rtut of port and harbours in this kingdom, might be raffed on l<ian by debentures to be ifTued by the officers of his Majef-tv’s tre ifury, bearing fuck intereft not exceeding the rate of four pounds per ceiitum per annum, as (hould be appointed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, and paid over to Inch corporation or corpora-' liom as therein mentioned, is not fuffioieot to effcft the purports of tl>e faid aft ; be it therefore enafted by the King?* moil excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confect of the lords (piritusfl and temporal, and commons in this prefont parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That any corporation now in being for the prefcrvati-t>n and improvement of any port or harbour -in this kingdom, for which any certain duties or rates have beep or (hall be grouted, mid which duties and rates 1 Kali not be left than the yearly fitm of four thoufand pounds, to saifc and barrow

upon

5

Digitized by

Goo< [e_

The thirtieth Tear of George IlL

Upon loan by debentures fuch fum or fums of money ns fuch corporation (hall think proper for the purpofes aforc&id, at any intereft not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per annum ; provided that no fum to be borrowed by any fuch corporation be greater than a fum, the intereft of which, at the rate aforefaid, (hall not exceed half the funds a riling to fuch corporation put of fuch duties and rates.

II- And be it enafted, That any fuel, corporation a* aforefaid (hall, for fuch fum or fums as (hall be fo borrowed, give the peifon or perfons paying or lending the fame one or more debenture or debentures, under the common feal of fuch corporation, and figned by the ballaft-mafter thereof, acknowledging the receipt of fuch fum or fums, and entitling the perlon or perfons paying or lending the fame, hi?, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, Qr afligns, to fuch intereft as aforefaid, to be paid by half-yearly payments on every twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fifth day of December, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions, defalcations, or abatements whatfoevex, until fuch time as their principal money (hall be paid off at one entire payment, and fuch debentures or receipts fhall be numbered in arithmetical progreflion, where the common excels or difference is to be one, until the whole (hall be numbered-

III* And be it enafted, That every fuch corporation (hall well and truly pay, or caufeto be paid to the perfpn or perfons leading fuch fum or fums, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or alliens, fuch intereft as aforefaid, according to the tenor of fuch debentures; and that all raU*3 or duties arifing to fuch corporation (hall be fubjeft to the payment of fuch inhered, until the principal money (hall be paid as aforefaid,

IV.	And be it enafted, That in cafe default (hall be made by any fuch corporation in payment of the intereft to become due on any debenture to be iffued in purfuange of this aft, at apy time after one years intereft fhall be due, the ballaft-mafter of fuch corporation (hall, from time to time, as often as it fhall fa happen, on demand of the hplder of any fuch debenture, at any time after ten days from the time fuch, years intereft (hall be due, give to the perfon holding or producing the fame, a certificate under his hand fpe-cayiiig the amount of the intereft due and unpaid on every (uch debenture ^ and if any fuch ballaft-mafter (hall not on fuch demand give fuch certificate to the perfon requiring the Dame, he (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majcfty’s courts of record

Debentures! be iflued, „

AH duties. See. iubjett to intereft.

After f year** intereft due, ballaft-mafter to give holder certificate.

*

Vice-rtrea-furcr. &c t* pay mtcrcft.

His Majffty to receive as much as (hall

7it thirtieth Tear of George III.

eord in Dublin, by any perfon who (hall fue for tbe fame, with full cods of fuit, in which no privilege, prote&ion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed, and fuch ballaft-mafter (hall for ever after be incapable of holding or enjoying the place of ballafl-mafler to fuch, or any other corporation

V.	And be it cna&ed, That the vioe-treafurer or vice-treasurers, receiver, or pay-mailer general of this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, fo often as any debenture, the intereft due on which (hall be fo unpaid, together with fuch certificate as aforefaid, (hall be produced to him or them, (hall, out of any monies in his or their hands, fubjeft to the payment of the intend of principal fums due by debentures or treafury bills iffued by the officers of his Ma-jefty’s treafury, on demand of the perfon producing any fuch debenture and certificate as aforefaid, weH and truly pay to every fuch perfon the intereft fo certified to be due On every fuch debenture, and he or they (haN be allowed on his or their accounts fo much money as (haH have been fo paid.

VI.	And be ft enaded,' That his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, (hall be reprifed, and (hall recover and receive, out of the funds arlftng to any fuch corporation, fo much

vkc ucaXurcr^ mone7 38 be fo paid by the vice-trea hirer or vicc-treaw ’ furers, or other officer of his Majefty’s treafury, in dif-charge of any intereft tp grow due on any fuch debenture, and from thenceforth fo much of the funds of fuch corporation as (hall be equal to an intereft at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum* for fuch principal fums, on which any intereft (hall at any time or times have been fo paid by the faid officers of the treafury, fhall Hand veiled in his Majefly, his heirs and fucceflors, an.d fhall be paid into his Majefly’*

*	treafury, as a fund for the dffeharge of the future intereft of

fuch principal fums on which any intereft fhall have been fo paid by fuch officers of the treafury.

Corporation VII. And be it further enadled, That any corporation, to pay vice ttea- for the u/e of which any lum or fums hath or have been bor-furt r« ftre. fums rowed and raifed purfuant to the faid a£l patfed in the twen-debc°VCC**011 ty-feventh year of his Majetty’s reign, for which debentures e enures. havc been ,*ffue(j by the officers of his MajetlySi treafury pnr-fuant to the faid aft, fo foon as any fum or fums fhall be raifed Spid borrowed, by virtue of this a&, equal to the amount of the principal fbms fpecified in fuch debentures iffued by the officers of hisMajefty’s treafury, (hall pay the fame into the hands of the vice-treafurcr or vice-treafurers, receiver, or pay mailer general of this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, to be applied by him or them to the payment of luch debentures,

VIII. And

The thirtieth Year of George 1M,

VIII.	And be it enaflcd, That the vice-treaCurer or vi^e-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, (hall, upon receiving from any fuch corporation tor whofe u/e the faid Turn of ten thoufand pounds* or any part thereof, hath been raifed, the amount of the twn\ or fume received by fuch corporation, pay therewith the principal fums mentioned in fuch debentures, and (hJl caufc to be publickly advertifed in the Dublin Gazette, at Icall twenty days before f <ch debentures (hall be paid off, the day on which the fame llv‘11 be paid off, and mall require all perlons holding fuch dehynr tures to bring them on fuch day to the oifi^e of the viv*e-treafurer or vice-treafurers, in the cajlle of Dublin, to receive payment for the fame, ao,d fuch. perfon fliail, upon payment thereof, deliver hi,s, her, or their fevcral and rc-fpjedlive debentures to the Yic^reafitrcr or vice-trrafuicrs, his. or their deputy or deputies to he cancelled, and he or they are hereby required to cancel the fame accordingly, and t^ie intered of fuch debentures fhall ceai'e from the day v\ nLh fhall be fo advertifed for payment thereof.

IX.	And be it enadkd, That wl*cre it (hall be made to appear to the fatisfa&ion of any fuch corporation, as afore-faid, that any harbour or quay in any out-port within the

. diftridf of the port, for the improvement; of which any fudi corporation hath been inltituted, hands in need of repair, or may be rendered deeper and more commodious for flipping, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch corporation, from fuch time thereafter as they (I all appoint, by notice to lie publifhed in the Publin Gazette, to colled and levy,, or, ' caufe to. be colle&ed aud levied off and from the (hipping or veffels refortijvg to fuch harbour or quay belonging . to. fuch out-port, fuch aqd the like duties and rales, and the commander or mailer of every flip or veflcl tlut ihaU arrive at fuch out-port, (hall pay, or caufe tov be paid unto fuch .perfon as (hall by fuch corporation be appointed to receive the fame, fuch and the like rates and-diuietjfpr and iu re-fped of any fuch (hip or veffel taking in and putting cut ballad in fuch harbour or quay, ar.d fuch other jates aud duties as fuch (hip or veffel would he, liable to in the principal harbour of fuch port or 4‘drid fqr ayi on account of Ik r taking in and putting out ballad therein, and towards the improving and cleaning, of. fuch principal port or harbou , and the matter or commander of, fuch (hip,or; veffel (hall not be entitled to obtain any. clearance fqr fuch (hip or veffel, or be permitted to fail from .fuch out-poit, until he (hall have paid fuch rates and. duties as afore faid, and fuch rates and duties (hall be levied with fuch powers and authorities, and the like regulations,, penalties, and forfeitures a*

V ice-'rca-Pm cr. Ac. to p;iy principal, alter 2c da) s

Wh n any

poi r want* repair, .‘mC/corporation may kvy on all «src. it lu-iilur-

tKiUl.

tl

A. D.

1790,

How duties VC to be applied.

i’he thirtiab JW ^ feeetgfe fit,

t>y l»w prefcribed with refpe** to any rate* and duti'ca payable to fuch corporation ; and it fhall and may be lawful forfuch corporation to make fuch rules, orders, or regulations for the (applying with proper ballaft fuch fhippitig and veflelsreforting to any fuch out-port without delay, atod alfo refpeding their taking in and putting out ballaft, as they /hall find, from thne to time, to be nccefiary and expedient*

X.	And be it enaded, That all fuch rafes and duties a| /hall be fo cohered and paid to fuch corporation, or the} perfon appointed by them to receive the fame, (hall, after defraying the expence of fupplying fuch /hips or vcflels in fuch out-port with ballaft, be applied and expended by fuch corporation in fuch manner as they (hall judge neceffary and appoint, in repairing, fecuring, ebranfing, and improving fuch out-port, and‘rendering the fame commodious to au (hipping and veffels reforting thereto, and to no other nfc wh* tfoever.

CHAP- XXVI.

An A3 fir "gr Unit tig the $um of Four Thou fund Pounds to tbq Truftus of the Linen Manufadure, andjer oti.tr Purpofes.

Trufteet may appoint 1 in- • fpeaors for

Trufteet may pay 501 yearly

additional to chamberlain.

III.	A ND whereas by an ad pafled in the twenty-third XX and twenty-fourty years of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An a8 for further promoting the linen and hempen manufaSures, the faid truftees, or any twelve or more of them, are empowered to appoint annually one mfpe&or of the linen manufadure for the county of Mayo : and whereas the laid county is too large to be attended by one infpedor, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it /hall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any twelve or more of them, if they (hall think fit, to appoint two in* fpedors for the faid county, in like manner, at like timeo,' artd under and fubjed to the like regulations as is mentioned for the appointment of infpedora by the faid recited ad, or by any other ad or ads now in force relating to the lame.

’ IV. Whereas the yam-hall in the city of Dublin, has of late years been greatly encreafed by additional buildings, whereby the trouble of the chamberlain of the faid hall hna: teen greatly encreafed : and wheteas it is thought expedient that the faid chamberlain (hould not be allowed to receive any fee or perquifites whatever, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid

truftees

rbethirtiitb TV* Georg* IIL

tttfftees, 6f any twelve or mote of them, aflembled at die fkid ball, if they fliaQ think fit, to appoint any addition to hit falary not exceeding the fum of fifty pound# yearly, any few to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it cna&ed by the authority afbrefaid, That ftfter the faid additional falary (hall be glinted at afbrefaid, taking pcr<jni* the faid chamberlain (hall not demand or accept of any fj^» perquifite or gratuity whatsoever, the faid augmentation of * falary being intended, as a full compenfation for all perqui* fites and gratuities; and in cafe any chamberlain employed by the fam trufteet, after the faid falariea (hall hare been granted as aforefaid, demand, take, or accept of any per* tjuifite, gratuity, fee or reward whatever, be (hall upon con* vi&ion thereof, before any twelve pr more of the faid trufc tees, forfeit his faid office, and be rendered incapable pf holding faid office or any other office under the faid trufteet

t	: .

CHAP. XXIX.

Ap Ad tq explain and amend an Ad pdffed in At Fourteenth "and Fifteenth Tear* of the Reign of King Charles the Second, Entitled, An Ad for taking away the Const of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capke, and by Knights Service ; and alfo an Ad pajjed m the Twenty* fr/l and Twentyfecond Tears of his prefent Majefy9s Reign, Entitled, An Ad to allow Perfons prof effing the Popi/h Religion to teach School in this Kingdom, and for regulating the Education of Paptfis, and alfo to repeal Part of certain Laws relative, to the Guardian/bip of their Children,.

WHEREAS doubts have arifen, whether by an __

atit patted in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of ™mUl* the reign of King Charles the fecond, entitled. An ad for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights fervke, difienters from the eftabtifbed church may in certain cafes appoint, and be appointed guar* diansof infants ; and doubts idfo have arifen whether by an a el pafTed in the twenty-firft and twenty-fecond years of the rcigh of his prefent Majeily, entitled. Apod to allow per* four prof effing the pofffih religion to teach febool m this kingdom, and for regulating the education of papffis, and alfo to repeal parts of certain laws relative to the guardian/bip of their children, perfoos jprofcffing the popifc vdjgk* nag by deed or '	*'‘

Chamberlain

A Proteftant may difpofe of the tuition of bis children, while under it tc*» of age, as hcieau

All appointments of guardians valid, as by i % and 14 0-1.

Chancellor, Ac. to make provifion Cor the child of a papift under ftl years of age, ns herein.

The thirtieth Tear of Georgrt II.

will appoint guardians of their children, being, infants, for removing of futh (doubts: be it ena&ed by the King's rooft excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefer* Parliament attembled, and by tbe authority of the lame. That it (bail and may be lawful to and for any perfon being a proteftant, the father pf a child or children, under the age of twenty-one years, and nqt married at the time of the death of fuch father, by deed executed in his life-time, or by his lad will and teftament, in writtngin the prefence of two or more credible witnefTes, to difpofe of the cuftody and tuition of fuch child or children, for fuch time as fuch child or children (hall rcfpedively continue under the age of twenty-one years, or foi any other letter time, to any perfon or perfona other than to perfons profefling the popifb religion ; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and fo» any perion profefling; thepopifli religion, who (hall not hav* lapfed from the pro* teftant religion, the father of a child or children under the age of twenty-one years, in like manner to difpofe of the enftody and tuition of fuch child or children, to any perfon other than to an ecclefiaftic of the church of Rome.

II.	And be it cua&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all appointments of guardians heretofore made by deed gr will by any perfon not of the eftabliflied church of Ireland, (hall be as good and valid to all intents and purpofes a3 if made after the palling of this act ; provided fuch appointments have been made confident with the terms and provi-(ions herein mentioned ; provided, that no perfon profefling the popifh religion, (hall be capable of being the guatdian of a child of a pa pi ft, who (hall not have taken and fubferibed the oath of allegiance and declaration prescribed by an act patted in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled. An aft to enable his Majejly’s fub-jefts of whatever perfuafion to tefllfy their allegiance to him in fome one of his Majejly's four courts in Dublin, or at the quarter frfflom of the peace for the county of Dublin, or before the-going judges of qffae in open court.

III.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That in all cafes .in which the child of any papift or perfon profcfliiig the popifli religion, not being of the age of twenty-one years, has been or (hall be conveyed out of this kiugdom into foreign parts out of his Majefty’s dominions, or detained in filch foreign parts, contrary to the ftatute made in this kingdom in thefev^nth year of hi&Ute Majefty William the. third, to reftraia foreign education, it fhali and may bes lawful to and for the chancellor, lord keeper, or lords com-rciffionert fiw the cuftody of die. great fcal for the time he-

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

ing, on a bill filed in the high court of chancery in this kingdom, on behalf of fuch child, to make fuch orders or provifion for the cuftody or preservation of ihe eftates of fuch child as (hall be deemed expedient, until fuch child (hall be brought back to Great Britain or Ireland, and given up to the cultody of fuch guaidian or guardians, as (hall have been appointed by the father of fuch child, by deed or will as aforciaid.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That fo much of the faid firft mentioned a& as requires the ifluing of an inquifition in certain cafes, and enables the lord chancellor, the two chief juftices, the chief baron of the exchequer, the chancellor of the exchequer, and mafter of the rolls, to appoint a guardian to the children of perfons not of the communion of the church of England, dying Seized of lands for which their heirs would have been in ward before the pai&ng of the* faid aft be and is hereby repealed,

CHAP, XXX.

An AB to amend an AB faffed in the Twenty-Third and Twenty-Fourth Tears His Majcjly's Reign, Entitled, An f*a for regulating the Corn Trade, promoting Agriculture, and providing a regular and ftady Supply of Corn in the Kingdom•

V^THEREAS fome further regulations are neceffary for ** better ascertaining "the prices of cor\ and more effectually carrying into force the proyifion o^fhe faid a£ : he it enabled by the king’s moft excellent Majef^ by and with the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual a^d tempo] al, and commons in this pvefent parliament afftabled, and by the authority of the (amt. That from and after the galling of this adl, the qhief ynagiftrate, or magiftrate acting as fuch, in each town or city in this kingdom, being a port, or in his abfence the collector or other chief ofscer of the t ort (hall, and may, and he is hereby required to demand and receive, without fee or rewaid, from every miller, fad\or, merchant, clerk, qgept, or other perfoo, being a buyer of corn, grajn, meal or flour, jnfuch town or city, or within five miles thereof* for ftfle or export* a weekly account in writing, (igned by him or her, of the quantity of corn, grain, meal, or flour, whiqh he or (he, or any perfop in trull for him or her (hall have received, during the Seven days Immediately preceding the day to which he or (he (hail

bq

91

A. D. 179°.

Such part of ?3 and 14 C. 4. as requires the

i(Tuing an inquifition. <5*o . repealed.

Pieamblc. •

Chief magistrate in each town being a port, fre to receive we.k-1 j accounts as herein.

Magiflrmte in fcmio|ttenge price if kitai dried, todcdnA ms herein.

Miller, &c. neglc&ing to give in account within times herein, fined

&

Inry

(cc. before hound fey the provifions of thisa£l, muff take the following path.

71/ thirtieth Tear of George III.

be fo required to deliver fuch account up to, with the cofft thereof refpe&ivcly, fpecifying if any part thereof ban been bought by hun or her, or for him or her, at tbe public market there, and at what price ; and likcwtfe to demand and receive from every perfon who (hall within the hid town or city, or within five miles thereof, receive any com, grain, meal, or flour on commiflion, a like weekly account of the quantity thereof fold and delivered by him or her during fuch (even days, with the prices, names of the buyers, and days of (sue, fpccifying whether fold in the public market.

If. And be it ena$ed, That the afbrefaid coft be deemed and underftood to be the a&ual and full coft thereof, when received by him or her, including the price, and all charges of freight or carriage, and all com and grain received by any perfoo as afarcfaid, being a buyer, i£ kilo dried, /hall be (pedEed fo in £uch return, and the chief roagiftrate, or othdr perfon to whom fuch return (hall be made, fhall in forming the average price, deduct from the coft or price of fuch kiln-dried corn or grain, if wheat, the fum of gite (hilling and fix-pence; and if beans, peas, barley, berr, or rye, the fum of one (hilling; and if o>ats, the fum of nine-pence, for each barrel refpe&iveiy,

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That every miller, faftor, merchant, derk, agent, or other perfon as afore-laid, who (hall negleft or refufe to deliver fuch account withip twenty-four hours after the time he or (he fhall be required to deliver it on, or on the morning of every Saturday, if it (hall not be demanded of him or her on any other day, (hall for every fuqh offence forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner herein after mentioned.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch perfon (hall, before the time on which he or (he /hall be bound by the proyiEons of this a& to make fuch return as aforefaid, take and fubferibe the oath following, or if a quaker, the following affirmation before the mag ill rate tp whom he or (he is to make fuch, return.

Oak	/	A.	B.	do fwear or affirm, that the returns of the.

quantities and coft of com, grain, meal9 and flour ma^e w**, Jbtdlj to the bejl of my knowledge and belief be true and juft, and to tbe befi of my judgment conformable to an aS puffed m the thirtieth year of tbe reign of hie Majefy King George the third, entitled, An a 61 to amend an a6t pa fled in the tvrenty-third and twenty-

fourth.

The thirtieth Tear #/George III.

fourth years of „his Majefty’s n§gnf enHtfai, An ad for regulating the corn trade, promoting agriculture* and providing a regular and fteady fupply of com in the kingdom.

Which oath or affirmation every fudh magiftrate or other oath to be perfon is hereby empowered and required to adminifter ; delivered to the and every oath or affirmation fo taken* ihmll be delivered clcrt to the clerk of the peace for the city or county wherein ot^o^countv the fame dull have been taken, to be kept among the re* where taken-cords thereof.

V.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfoq Baying corn, fhall buy or receive any corn for fale, or upon commif- dec. penalty ioh fion without taking the faid oath or affirmation agreeable to the direction of this ad, every fuch perfon (hall,

for every fuch offence, forfeit the Aim of ten pounds.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That every chief magif- Corn, Ac.

trate or other perfon, who (hall receive any fuch account, by private (hall, in forming the averages and medium of the prices of	*redwo-

corn purfuant to the provifions of the faid ad, and of this M herein, prefent ad, include fo much of the com, grain, meal, or

flour, mentioned in every fuch return, as (hall not have been fold in the public market, in like manner as if the fame had been fold there, reckoning for every thirteen done and one-third of flour, one barrel of wheat, and for every feven Hone of oatmeal, one barrel of oats, and every return of the medium and averages fo formed, (hall be deemed and taken to be the return of the medium and averages within the meaning of the faid ad*

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That Retailer* not nothing in this ad contained (hall extend to require any to nuke return, perfon who (hall fell meal or flour by retail only, to make

any return of having received the fame.

VIII. And be it further enaded. That if at any port	Price and any average of the price of any fpecies of corn or grain bountic* on (hall not appear to the chief officer of the port, to have

been formed on a greater quantity than twenty barrels, if ** beans, peas, or rye, and two hundred barrels if any other fpecies of com or grain, the export of fuch fpecies, and all meal and flour made thereof, from fuch port, and the bounties thereon, (hall be regulated by the price ascertained, purfuant to the (aid recited ad, and this prefent ad.

It, the neared port where each average of fuch fpecies (hall have been formed on a greater quantity than the quantities aforefaid rcfpeAively, certificates of which prices the feveral collectors arc hereby required to procure without delay*

J	IX. And

Digitized by

Google

1

94	T3r thirtieth Tear of George III.

D, IX. And be it further ena&ed, That the medtufti of the 1790.	average prices for. the purpofe of export, ioftead of being

Chap. Jo.	formed on the average prices of the three market days im-

mediately preceding the (hipping, purfuant to the laws How to form now in force, (hall be formed on the average prices of the average the corn, grain, meal, and flour fold in market; and alio j>rice» for tx-	0f corn, grain, meal, and flour received and ftated in

i**1*	manner herein before mentioned, in each week of the two

weeks immediately preceding the (hipping ; and that ettry return to be made by anv magi (Irate to auy collector, pur* fuant to the proviiion of the faid recited ad, or this ad, (hall be in the form following.

/.a

Digitized by

Google

The thirtieth Tear of George IIL

An ACCOUNT of the Average Prices of Com and Grain for the Two laft Weeks at and .the Medhim thereof*

For the Week ending

A V E JUAJG E S.

For the Week ending

For the Week coding

SPECIES.

Stones of 141b. in a

"Wheat Rye Beans White Peas Gr.y Peas Barley Oats

Wheat

R.ye

Beans

White Peas

Grey Peas

Barley

.Oats

fWheat

i Rye

Beans ^ White Peas Grey Peas Baricy Oats

Total Nhmbers

jiLBa*

i'els.

Total

Prices.

Ave-rage per ttatrel*

-

ti'ETtlXJ]

Digitized by LjOOQle

r

i

:	O

cq'

n'

CD

CL

'

;	O

o

n

)

MEDIUM.

•		 — -		Wheat.	Rye	Beans.	White Pfcas.	Grey Peas.	Barley.	Data.
it Average*  2d Ditto.  4				*	*  /		► ^
Total		%		i			
Medium.		J	_ , ■ , '	k _	*	a	■H		

To

CoHeltor of tin Port of

'III sSitoQjijW'i

Tbe flirluti Tear tteotge ill.

X.	And be ft further enadle$l, Th?t every colleftor fil&U A. D. enter regularly in a book to be by hftn kept for the pur- *79°* pole, ievery returh of the pi iced of corn made in purfuance Chap. 30; jof this or the faid recited aft, and every Certificate which	j

fhall at any time be his direftion as to export or bounty* t. Collc^orto and he fhall enter alfo in the faid book pn account of all ^hrrlin. tom, grain, malt, meal, and flout- (hipped for exportation.

Whether coaftways or beyond the fcas, fpecifying the times when (hipped, and to tvhat ports', in what fiiips, and whtfr Vher any arid what bounty w as paid or payable {hcrfoh, and he (hail deliver orcanfe to be delivered the fafd book to the pay-mafter of corn premiums in the tfty of .Dublin, bnc$ in every fyalf rear, that is to fav, in cvciy firft ot., frpond iweek of April, and jii every firft or fecond Week of Qfto-ber, figned by himfelf.	,4

Xt. And be it further enrifted* 'That the faid paymaftet Paymafter to of com premiums (hall, as foon as he conveniently can; ex- report whether amine the faid book, and report to the cortimifiioners of ^mable^V011* the revenue, whether thfc returns therein entered are con- |1W	^

formable to the law in every refpeft; or in what particular herein, they are deFeftive, and whether the expoit and payment of bounty Hated therein, liavfe been rcfpeftivcly authorised by thofe returns or by the certificates, and by the laws for regelating the fame,, ahd he (hall lay a copy of the faid report, together With an abftraft of the ptice3 of corn and grain at each port, during the period contained in eachjaook, before the Chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being.

XII.	And beit further enafte<J, That no Oorti or* grain, torn, &c, * or malt, meal, or flour made thereof, (hall be Ihippcd to be

carried coaftways out of any port where the exportation ^hJ^J.SUn thereof to foreign parts (hall at the titnebe prohibited by virtue of the laws in force for regulating the fame; unlefs it fhall appear to the collcftor or other chief, officer there, that the exportation of the fame fpecies of corn, grain, malt, meal; or (lour is at the time prohibited to foreign ports from the port for which the fame is to be fnip-

ped. *	~	4

XIII.	And for the more fpeedy information at each port 6olie£dr to of fuch exportation being prohibited at any other port : be kud^ttefted ft further enafted, That every colleftor of hi5 Majcfty's ofPprice»,mUra retenue (hall regularly fend to the paymafter of Corn pre- payrnaflerby tniums an attefted copy of the return bf prices made to poft. hint by the chief itiagiftrate or other perfon as aforefaid, by

Me fir it opportunity which the pod (hall afford aftenbis receiving: thie fame, and if no fuch return (hall be made, he {hall certify fo by fuch firft opportunity, after the time (hall have clarified bn which fuch return ought ty have been made,

Vol. 1#	«nd

Digitized

:ized by Google

A.D.

>79°-C1*> H 3°'

Aceonnt.% kc. to be re-teivid free of Milage.

pnrmafter to fend w eekly i (»f r< turns to the lord m iy< r ui Dub-JiB, &c.

^	rot

t- V- frr* v"

<ffcc:rtifud by

* ..initiate.

/* veragepritfe of v hf.it to Be IUuck anr herein.

7^e thirtieth Year of George III.

and tlie paymafter fhall unified atcly fend or caufe to be feri to fuch collector in the «... jom, by the next poft which fhall fet out from Dublin after his receiving the faid attefted topics, an account of each port wherein the yxport of any corn* grain, malt, meal, or flour fhall he prohibited, fpeci-fying the fpecies fo prohibited, and fifch port fhall be deemed by every cdlle&or of aily other port to continue fhut for the exportation of fuch fpecies, until tht time when the next account thereof ought in regular courfe to b* received by him from the paymafter of the corn premiums,' puifuantttf the proyiflons of this a&, or until fie fhall be otherwife authentically informed that it is open.

XIV.	And be It further enai3ed, That all attefted copies, Certificates, and accounts herein before mentioned, (ball be received by the paymafter of the com premiums, and the dolledto'r of the revenue refpedtively, free of the duty of poftage, fo as they be without coders, or in covers open at the frde?, and Contain no other matter or thing fave what is herein dire&cd, or what relates folely thereto.

XV.	And be it further cnadfed, That the paymafter of

the cofn premiums fhall fend a true cof>y of every fuCh return of prices made to him by the colle&or, once in every Week, to the pgrfon appointed by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or g6vern0is of this kingdom, purfuaut to the provifions of the faid a$, to be by him delivered to the lord mayor of the citv of Dublin, or in cafe of his abfence by ficknefs cr otherwise, to the m&giftratC a&ingas fuch, who is hereby required tq caufe the fame to be entered in the book kept by tlie clti’fe of the market, pursuant to the provihon of the faid recited a&, and to include the quantifies ar.d prices mentioned thCrerti, far the fix weeks immediately preceding each quarter day, in the like manner ar the quantities abd prices mentioned rn the faid recited aft, for tlie purpoie of ilriking the average price for the quarter day.	*

XVI.	And be it further eira^Ied, That no Copy of any return made to tl.t perfon appointed by the lord lieutcftant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom fur the time being, pirrfuar.t to ih‘e piAvifions of the faid recited a&, fiiall be lent by him to the lord mayor, or ma-gillrates acting as fuch, unlels it be ligned by a magillrate, citifying that he believes fticli return tube a true and juft return.

XVII.	And be it further er.aflcd, Thtit the faid lord mayor, or magiilvateadingas fuch, fhall in ftriking the avenge price ot wheat deem thirteeii ftoncs and one-third of iidur equal to onebairel of wheat, and feven ftoncs of oatmeal

-Digitize' —

«-GoogI<

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

meal equal to one barrel of oats, any thing in the laid aft to the contrary notwithtlanding.

XVIII.	And to prevent the inconveniencies which may arife to the corn trade from the confluences of a fuddeo rife of price, after a part of a cargo (hall be (hipped, and before the whole (hall be completed on board : be it further e:ia led, That where any corn, grain, meal, malt, or flour fln!l be entered for exportation, and a part thereof aftually (hipped at a time when ihe bounty (hall be payable on the export thereof, or when the export thereof (hall be legal, the remaining quantity fo entered (hall and may be (hipped at ary time within l'even days after fuch entry, aed exported within due time after, ar.il the exporter be entitled to receive bounty thereon, if the price at the port at the time of the entry would h?.ve entitled him thereto notwith-fladding any rife of price after fuch entry, any thing in the ftid recited act, or any other aft to the contrary not with-fla tiding.

XIX.	Provided always, That the exporter (hall firft make oath (or if a quake.*, affirmation} before the colleftor or other chief officer of the port, that the whole of fuch cargo was actually in his or her poffrffion, and returned by him or her, or by his or her clerk or agent to the chief magilliate or other perfon, puifuant to the provifions of this aft, before the pi ice role above the bounty oi the export price, as the cafe may be

XX.	And be it further enafted, That if any chief magi!) rate (hall negieft or omit to make any' return at the time, and in the manner preferibed by Jaw, he (hall forfeit the fum of forty pounds in lieu of the penalty prefer ibe-i by the faid recited aft; and that if any colleftor (hall negleft or omit' to fend to the paymalter of the corn premiums any at-tdfed copy or certificate herein direfted, at the time it ou;dit to be feut, or to deliver the book herein direfted at the lime it ought to be delivered, or if the paymalter of the corn premiums (hall omit to fend to any collector the account herein direfted at the time preferibed, every collector and paymalter fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XXI.	/Mid be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful at all times to (hip and export bread and bifeuit to all places whatsoever, notwithftamling the prices of com or gram of which fuch bread or bifeuit may be made, (hall he above the rates for exportation, any thing contained in this or any other aft or afts to the contrary notwithlland-i ng.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That ^otwithftand-ing the prices of wheat or oats (hall be refpcftivcly above the

G 2	rates

if com, Arc. be entered for exportation, enr tilled to bounty as herein.

Proved

oath he made as herein.

Magistrate! neglecting to mat e return, fined 40U

Bread or fcif-euitf may be cap ported.

Flour or oatmeal may 1m exported to ' Newfoundland,

Google

steommiffiattttt

/h *11 deem pro*

r*-

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

rates at which the fame may be exported, it (hall and may be lawful from and after the pafling of this aft to (hip and export to the ifland of Newfoundland from fuch ports in this kingdom, and in fuch propo?ttons from each of fuch port* as the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms (hall deem proper, and for which they the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, (hall grant a licenfe under thdf. hands, any quantity of flour or oatmeal not exceeding in the whole in any one year one hundred and fifty tons of floor, and two hundred and fifty tons of oalmeal, fo as the exporter do before the dripping or laying on board the fame become bound with other fufficient.fecririty in treble the value thereof, to the commiflioners of chief officer or officers of his Majcrity’scuftoms, belonging to the port or place where the fame (hall be (hipped or put on board, who hath or have power to take fuch lecurity in his Majefty’s name and to his Majcfly's ufe, that fuch commodities (Kali not be landed or fold in any ports whatfoever other than the faid ifland of Newfoundland, and that a certificate under the hand andfeal of the col left or, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cultom#, or if no Arch, of the naval officer or fome other principal officer there, (hall within the fpace of eighteen calendar months arfter the date of fuch bonds, (the danger of the feas excepted) be returned to the officer who took the faid bonds, that the faid co/nmodities have been landed if the faid ifland of Newfoundland, and for the taking of fuch feeurity no fee or reward fhall be demanded or received.

XXIII. And be it further enafted, That no quarterly return fhall be made of the price of barley, for the quarters ending the tenth of February or tenth of Aoguft in each year, but tlrat the priqe tbereofofhall be regulated from the tenth of June to the tenth of November, by the price formed for the quarter, ending the tenth of May preceding, and fro n the tenth of February V> the tenth of May, by the price formed for the quarter, ending the tenth of Noven*-ber preceding, anv thing in faid aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XKIV. And in order to enable the lord mayor, or other chief mag .rate of the city of Dublin, with greater con-h.mfr and canal venierce an * eorreftnefs to make the weekly returns direft-harbour.	cd t0 ^ .mruie to the chief officer or officers of the revenue'

in faid port, and for the better regulation of the corn ina** kets of faid city : be it further ehafted, from and after the palling this aft, That Wedncfday and Friday oiriy in each * week, fhaT! be the market days at the market-houfe in ^	Thomas*(treet in faid city, and that Tuefday and Thurfday

only in r ich	fuail be the market days at the Grand

Canal

How fheprice

of barley is to be regulated.

. The market

days at market

The thirtieth Tear g/IGeorge III.

101

Canal harbour, near faint JamesVftreet ip faid city, on A. D. which days refpeftively it (ball and may be lawful for every 1790. fj^fcics of corn and grain, meal and flour, to be brought to V— and fold in faid markets, any thing in 3ny aft to the con* trary notwithftanding^

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That all penalties Penalties which (hall be incurred under the provifions of this aft, haw recovcrcc (hall and piay be recovered by any perlon fuing for the fame,

by aftion, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majef-ty*s courts of record in this kingdom, and one moiety there-of (hall be to the ufc of the perfon fuing for the fame, and the other fnoiety (hall be paid to the Dublin Society, until a fociety for promoting agriculture (hall be eftablithed in the county where fuch penalty (hall be incurred, and then fuch moiety (hall be paid to fuch fociety, to l>e by them expended in promoting the agriculture of this kingdom.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority Penalty on afordaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully, falfe- Pariur7*

hr, and cdrruptly take any oaths or affirmations, in puf-iuance of this aft, and be thereof lawfully convifted by ver-dift, or upon his, her, or their confdfion, he, (he, or they fo offending, (hall for every fuch offenee, incur and fuffer fueh penalties, pains, and difabilities, as perfons convifted of wilful and corrupt perjury are by any of the laws now of force in this kingdom liable unto, or if any perfon or perfons (hall corruptly procure or fuborn any other perfon to take fuch falfe oath or affirmation, and the perfon or per-fons fo procuring or fuborning (hall be thereof convifted by ▼erdift, or upon his, her, or their confeflion, every perfon fo offending, (hall for every fuch offence, incur and fuffet fuch penalties, forfeitures, pains, and difabilities, as persons convifted of fubornation of perjury, are by any of the Uws now of force in this kingdom liable unto.

HEREAS the qity of Londonderry and the fub-'/ Preamb'e.

orbs thereof, arb by the extenfion of commerce ^onfiderably encreafed, and, are likely to encreafe: and* whereas there is no communication or paflage from the laid city, into the county of Londonderry, and country adjoining, except by a ferry over the (aid rivq: Loughfoyle, which

CHAP. XXXI.

An A& for building, a Btidge over the River Loughfoyle> ot the City of Londonderry, and the Suburbs thereof and for certain Regulations relative to faid City.

*

j

Digitized by Google

lea

Mayor, 4e. of

JLondonderry, mppnjntrd com-HiiiIioucr»; Sic.

To have « free paflVge for ihips, Ac. by means of a portcullis, as herein.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

is wide and extenfive, and very inconvenient for the roarer-ance cf paflengers, their goods, cattle* arc! carriages: ajl whereas the building a bridge over the fnid river will tend |>

, increafe the trade of the faid city, and by uniting fame, *n«l the county of Londonderry, and the countrv adjoining, will promote agriculture, and he of public utility: be :: therefore enabled by the King’s mof! excellent Mujelty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpfritual and ral and commons in this prefect parliament a>fen»M<d, aid by the authority cf the fime, That the mavoh, aldermen, flieriffs and burgeffes of the city of Londonderry, incorporated by a charter granted by his late Majefly king Chides the fecond, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his reign, by the name of the mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, fball be, and arc hereby appointed comm:flicners, with full power and authority for deftgning, making, erect-, ing, and building one wooden bridge acrofs the fai-J river; and that it {hall and may be lawful to and for the Uid mayor, aldermen, fheriffs, and hurgefles, or the majority of them, in common council aflembied, to defign, afiign, lay onward appoint, in what manner faid bridge /hall be built, and .ever what particular part of the faid river, of which appointment before the fame fhall be carried into execution, or.c months Tioticc fhall be given, by public polling on the exenange cf faid city.

II.	Provided always, and be it enaflod by the autW’ty afofefaid, That the faid bridge fo to be cvetfled or built over the fai(I rivet; Foyle, at the city of Londonderry afore-£aid, and all and every bridge to be hereafter crewed by the authority of thfsa$, /hall hr fo conflrudlrd and built,that there fhall remain a ffee and open paflnge for fhipVatid vef-ftls to pafs and repafs through the fc’rr.e, and for fucb pur-pofe fhall contain one lifting ptnt-cuHis, or arch of twenty-five feet at lead in the clear in breadth, provided with wooden piers of fiifficierit ftrength, at proper clillanccs, for warping veflels through the fame; and that the faid lifting portcullis, or arch, fhall be placed in that part of the bridge at the exa& dill?net? of one quarter of the .width* of tj»e river, to be meaftired from the water mark of the Di$rrv file cf ihe faid river; and that the collector «i receiver of the toils of fuch bridge, or filch other perfon ar, ihall have the care thereof, fhall as often as any fhip or veiled fhall have occasion U pafs or repafs through fuch urch, be obliged with, all convenient.!peed to open the fame, and fuffer fuch fhip or Ycflcl to pafs through the faid arch.

III,	And for as much as the crcfting and building faid bridge fo intended to be built, and the repairing, preferving, ^lightening, watching, and fupporting the faid bridge,

nmft

Google

The thirtieth Tear of George III.	i	qj

puifl be attended with confidcrable charge and cxperce: !je A. 1). it enabled by the authority aforelaid, Tlyit it fhaii and may i?9°* be lawful to and for the faid mayor, community, and citi- Chap. tf. zens of Londonderry, and they ary hereby empowered to take and receive, or caqfe to be taken and received in t^e natijrc of a toll, before any paflage Aiaii fie permitted, any fum which the faid maypr, community, and citizens of Londonderry in common council ai-fembled (hall think fit, not exceeding the fulljwiug	of

,	•	r	r	1	I 1-	•	•	V	^	to	be receive t

aate9,*tnat is to lay, tor every coach, heiim, cn^not, caia;h» by eomuulIiw.r\-chaife, or chair, drawn by fi^ or more ho*fe or hoHrs, or tra.; other beads of burthen, the fum of three (hilling** .and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calufh, chaife oy chair, uvawn by any lefter number of horfes, or oilier beails ot burthen, than fix, and more than two, \wn ihillings and fix pence; for every coach, berlin, chariot, ciUa'h, chai.e or. cliair, duiwn by two horfes, or other beafts pf burthen, the fum of one (hilling; for every waggon, >vain, cart, car, or other carriage wrth four wheels, drawn by four or more horfes, or other beads of burthen, the fum of one (hilling; by Iefs tfian four horfes or qther beads of burthen, the fum of ten pence; for every waggon, wain, cart, Car, or other carriage with two wheels, drawn by more than two horfes, or other beads of burtlien, the fum of eight pence; for every cart, cay, or other carriage, drawn by tsyo hoifes, or other beads cf burthen, the fum of fix pence halfpenny; for every carriage commop-ly called a chaife or chair, with two wheels., drawn by one horfe, or other bead of burthen, the fum of fix pence, if with four wheels, ten pence; for evetfy fydan chair, the fum of four pence; for every cart, car, or other carriage, drawn by one horfe, or other bead of burthen, ami not laden, the. fum of two pence; for every cart, car, or other carriage, drawn by one l\orfe, or other bead of burthen^ ami laden, the fum of fix pence; for every Hedge, Hide, or other carriage, without wheels, drawn in any manner, tfiv fum of two pence, and for all carnages whatfoevei , drawn in oi; by any other manner than as aforefaid, the fum of fix pence; for every horfe, gelding, mare, mule, or afs laden, the fum of -two pence, and unladen, one penny; for every drove of oxen, or neat cattle, the fum of three (hillings and four pence per. fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs number; for every drove of calves, hogs, (beep, or lambs, the fum of ten pencep~r fcore, and fo in proportion for any.'*greater or kfler nurr\ber; for every dead hog, the fum of.Q;:e penny; for every perfon carrying or conveying a kilh, fiafket, fack-load. or pack of any kind, the fum of one penny; for every paffenger palling over faid bridge, except fuen perfon or yerfons as fi\all be driven in fucb coach, chariot, berli^,

'	\	chaii<^

Digitized by v^ooQie

5I pcnakv on receive!** exacting illegal toll. *

Mnyor ice. may cre& toll-ho»fc,ai)vl gate*, and receive toll.

The thirtieth Tear of George HI.

ehatfe, chair, or calafh, and the driver drivers thereof, and the footman or footmen, fervant or fervants thereof, Handing behind the fame, tbe film of one halfpenny each; which (aid refpe&ive fum and fum# of money (hall be demanded and taken in the name of, or as a portage, toll or duty: and the faid money fo to be raifed as aiorefaid, is and (hall be hereby veiled in the faid mayor, community, and citizens, and their fuccelfors*, for ever, and the fame and every part thereof, ihali be applied and difpcfLd of. and be 5mfngned to and for the federal ufes, intents,-zr.d purpofes, and in fuch manzejs as herein after is mentioned and ditect-od; and the laid mayor, community, and citizens, ami their lucceffbrs, are hereby empowered by themfcKes, oranyper-fbn or pe'fons by then) appointed, under their common (bl, and arc hereby authorized to levy the tolls or duties by tlii* *3^ appointed and required to be paid, upon any perfon or perfons who fhsli, after' demand made thereof, negleft or refufe to pay the fame by did.refs of any carriage, horfe, or other cattle, Or goods, upon which any fuch toll or duty is by this a£fc impoftd, or upon any other of the goods or chattels of any fuch perfon or perlons as ought to pay the fame, and may detain fame, until fuch toll or duty, with tin; reafonable charges of fuch diftraining and keeping (hall be paid; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon or performs fo diftraining the fame, after the fpace of four days after fuch diftrefs made and taken, to fell the good-; diftrained by public au&ion, returning the overplus, if any b*> upon demand to the owner, after fuch toll, duty, and ie a fort able; charges for d; draining and keeping die fam?, (hall be dpdu&ed and paid.	'

IV.	And be it further ena<fted by the authority afore-faid, That if any receiver or receivers, colledor or eolltclots of the faid tolls, drill exact from, or compel any perl ^ to pay any duty or toll not authorized by th;> ad, fuch receiver or receivers, collector or collectors thall, for every ,fuch offence forfeit five pounds, to be recovered in a ftirmna-ry way, before the faid mayor, or jullxce or jullice* of faid city and liberties, by any perfon from whom any unlawful toll or duty thall be fo exalt cd.

V.	And be it enc&ed by the authority aforefaid* That It (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid mayor, com-munby, and citizens of Londonderry, and their fiiecelTois, and they* are hereby authorized and empowered to erelt and place one Or more toll-houfe or toll-houles and one or more toll-giite or toil gates, a: or near faid bridge ; and tlie faid mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, and their fnccdTbrs, and any perfon or perfons by them authorized, urt hereby empowered to receive at fuch gate or gat

3	,5,f

The thirtieth Tear qf George III.

ioj

A. D.

the tolls or duties required by this ad to be paid, beibee the paflage of any petfon, carriage, cattle or goods, through the 179°* laid gate or gates. 1	Chap.	31*

VI.	And be it further eroded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon (hall force a paflage through fuch gate Pcrfons cr gates, for him, her, or themfelves, his, her, or theft car-	befora-

page, cattle, or goods, without paying the tolls required by mooed befor^ this ad, or fhall wilfully deftroy, break, pull down or da- mayor, 3cc. mage any gate or gates, toll-houfe or tull-houfes, which fhall be erected by virtue of this ad, or fhall prevent or oh-Ibud the eredion of any fuch gate pr gates, toll-houfe or toll’houfes, or (hall obftrud the colledor or colledors appointed by* the mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, and their fucceflors, in collediog faid tolls, or the perfon or perfons employed by them for that purpofe, each and every perfon fo offending may, for every £ucb offepce, be fummoned perfonally or by ai'ummons, left at his, her, or their ufual place of abode, with fome perfon living therein, of the uge of fixleen years, and upwards, at ;he mftanee cf the faid mayor, community, and citizens, or their fuccef-fors, to of the perfon or perfons appointed by them to receive the fame, one day before the day on which his, her.

Or their appearance fhall be required to appear before the mayor of (aid city, his deputy, or one or more juftice or. juft ices of the peace for faid city, and the liberties thereof, who (ball hear and determine the merits of faid complaint in a fummary way, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or by, the confeffion of the party, v. hicl; oath fuch mayor or juftice of the peace is, and arq hereby authorized and required to adminifter, and to envy lire into, and determine upon any offence as aforefaid, and fh:dl in cafe of proof of any fuch offence as aforefaid, whether the party complained againft appear or not, if the fer-v:ce of the fii:mnon3 be duly proved, adjudge the perfon or penons guilty of fame, to pay to the faid mayor, commu* nity, and citizens, or their fucceffors, or to the perfon or perfons by them, or the fucceffors of them authorized, any fnm not exceeding ten pounds, with the rieceffary co(U and f barges; and in cafe fuch complaint fhall, appear groundlcf* and unjuff, then fuch mayor or juftice of the peace fhall adjudge to the perfon or perfons fo unjuftly complained againft, any fum not exceeding five pouuds fieri ing, to be paid by the perfon fo preferring fuch unjuff complaint; and in fuch cafe the fum adjudged by fuch mayor or juftice of the peace, fhall be levied by warrant, under the hand and leal of fuch mayor or juftice of the peace, off the goods and chattels of the peribn or perfons fo adjudged to pay the fame ; aqd the faid. goods and chattels fo diftrained, (hall and

may

Digitized by v^ooQle

jo 6 A. D.

1750

Chap. 31.

No budding or O^nd to bdi eie<fled on bridge, except cates as hereafter.

Perfons da-, fringing bridge guiity of fetorty

Fmpty carriage; &c not to (land within lOO yard* of fide* of bi idge.

The thirtieth Tear of George. ll\.

mir, on any day after the (pace of four days from the tune of dillramfng, and within the fpace of two davs, be pt;% lickly fold by the petfon to whom the faid warrant of dif* trefs (hall be granted, and out of the produce thereof, the Aim fo adjudged (half be paid to the perfon or perfons im-powerrd to receive the fame; and if any overplus remain, after deducing the cptts and charge*, it (half be paid to the owner or owners of fuch goods and chatttes fo tliftraiued, and ’ fold as aforefaid ; and in cate fuch di ft re ft cannot be made, then that ti e faid mayor or other juftice of the peace, (hall and may, an.J he ar d they are hereby empower, ed to commit the faid peifon or perfons to the common gaol of the faid city, there to remain without bail or mainpiiV.1, for fuch time, uot exceeding three months, as to the faid mayor, juftice, or jufiicts of the peace (hall feem fit and meet.'

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore* fa»d, That it (hall not be lawful to credl any houfe or build-ing, or any (land or (lands for fale of any wares or other-wife, upon the faid bridge to be fo built, other than fuch ' gates and toH-houfes herein after mentioned, as by the faid mayor, community, and citizens, and their fucceffors (hall be ordered or direded.

VIII.	' An<} for the better, preventing wilful or malicious damaging’or <Je(lroying the faid bridge fo to be built, or any part thereof: be it enacled by the authority aforefaid, That if &ny perfon'or perfons (hall wilfully or malicioufly, and without authority from the faid mayor, community, and citizens, or the Tuccefli*8 of them, pulldown and de-ftroy the (hid bridge, or any part thereof, or remove or take away any works thereto belonging, or direel or procure the fame to be done, whereby the faid bridge or the works thereof m*iy be damaged, ,>r the lives of the paflengrrs be endangered, fuch offender or offenders being thereof lawfully convidted, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fuf-ferasafelon.

' IX. And for the more effedlually keeping the paffage or paflages over faid intended bridge free and clear from any obftruction of hackney coaches, carts, cars, truckles, drays, and other carriages (landing on the (aid bridge fo to be built, or within the fpace of' one hundred yards on either fide of the fame refpedlively : lie it enadled by the authority aforefaid/ That when the faid bridge (hall be completely finifhed and made paffanle, it (hall not be lawful for any coach-man or difver to (land or pl y for hire, with any coach or other carnage whatfoever, or to have any empty coach or carriage on the faid bridge, or within one hundred yards on either f^de of the fame refpedlively, or for any carman, car-

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

ter, dayman, or driver of any carriage whatsoever, wilful*

]y to (land or fernam with any cart, car, (dray, truckle, o,r other carriage upon the faid bridge, or within the diltancfc aforefaid relpe&ively, or for any perfon or perfons to put any filth, dung, allies, or rubbifh on the faid bridge, or to do any a<fl which may be an annoyance there, and that any perfon for offending therein as aforefaid, and being thereof convifled, upon complaint made before the. mayor of thy faid city of Londonderry, or fomc other juflice of the peac6 of the faid city and liberties, eitiier upon the confeflion of the party, or the oath of one or more credible wituefs or wit-rielTcs, which oath fuch mayor or other juflice is, and are hereby authorized to adminifler, (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence fuckTurn not exceeding twenty (hillings, and not lrfs than two (hillings and fix-pence, as laid mayor or juIIice fhall dire6l, the fame to go and be applied between the parties informing again (I and apprehending every fuch offender and offenders, 'in fuch fhares and * proportions as the faid mayor or jiillice fhall diredl the fame to go and be applied, and in default of immediate payment thereof, the offender or offenders fhall be committed by the mayor or juflice before whom he, fhe or they’ fhall he convicted to the work-houfe or houfe of correction of the laid city aud liberties, thereto be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two days,'as the mayor or fuch juflice fhall think fit to order. • j* . *

X. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That no order which fhall be made by the mayor or any juffice or juflices by virtue of this aft, or any other proceedings to moveJiv by be had touching the conviction or convictions of any offer*- ctitior«kn, &c. dor or offenders againfl this a6l, fhall be'quaihed or vacated for want of form only’? or be removed or reUnoteable by rrr-tiorari, or any other writ or pvocefs whatloever, into any of his Majefly■*# courts of record in Dublin.

XL Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled pCrfons ae-by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any perfon or per- grieved may ap-fons fhall think him, her, or themfelveB aggrived by any peal to quarter-order or proceedings of any juflice or juflices of the peace, fcff10U8-which fhall be made or had under this a&, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch perfon.or perfons to appeal to the juflices of the peace at their next general quarter fefiions of the peace to be held for the city and liberties of Londonderry aforefaid, and the juflices of fuch general quarter feffions of the peace are hereby required to hear and finally determine every fuch apptal and appeals, and fhall award to the party or parties to whom fuch appeal fhaH be determined fuch colls as to them in their diferetion fhall feem reaConable, and	f

ih^ll raife and levy by their order or w^m\nt fuch colls as t v *	(hall

Ordrr of

mayor not rr-

Google

jo8

The thirtieth year ef George III.

A. D,

1790. Chap. 31.

A lchedule of |he to;', cp be a filled on bridge, under , penalty of $1.

r Mayor, &c. may appoint collectors of

tol|a.



(hall be awarded by dift refs and (ale of the goods and chat* tcls of any perfon or perfons who fhall be ordered to pay the fame.

XII,	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That on fomc convenient and public place on fuch bridge, and near the toll-gate or toll-gates thereon, there (hall be affixed a board or ftope, on which (hall be diftin6Uy primed or caned a fpbedule of the tolls aforelaid, under the penalty of five pounds, to be recovered by any perfon or perfons from fiich gate-keeper by civil bill, at the affixes for the (aid city and county of Londonderry aforefaid.

XIIL And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, and their fuccef-fors, to nominate and appoint fuch perfon or perfons to be receiver or receivers, collector or colled ors of the faid fc-veral tolls and duties as they (hall think £t, and all perfons by this a& liable to pay the faid tolls or duties, or any of them, are hereby required to pay the (atne at the rata, aforefaid, to fuch receiver or receivers, colledor or collectors, and all fuch receivers and colkdors fhall refpe&ivdy pay the fame at all time and times when thereto required by the faid mayor, community, and citizens to fuch perfon or perfons as they the faid mayor, community, and citizens, or their fuccefTors (hall empower and appoint by writing under their common feal for that purpofe ; and that fuch ie-ccivcr or receivers, collector or collectors aforelaid (hall upon oath, if required by the (aid mayor, community, and citizens, or their fucceffors, which oath the faid mayor, or any of the juftices aforefaid, are hereby empowered to administer from time to time, give in a true, exad, and perfeft account in writing under their refpe&ive hands, of all monies which they and every of them (hall to fuch rtfpcciive times have received, paid, 1 and difburfed by virtue of this a&, or by reafon of their rtfpe&ive offices, for which oath no fee or reward (ball betaken, and the fame may.be taken with-or,t any (lamp, and in cafe any fuch receiver or receivers, colled or or colleiftoTs of the faid tolls and duties (hallrefufe or rcgleft to make fuch account and payment as by the faid is dire&ed, then the faid mayor or any juftice or juftices ♦>f the peace for the city and liberties of Londonderry aforelaid, arc hereby authorized to commit the party or parties refufmg or negle&ing’ fo to do, to the pubHck gaol of the city and county aforefaid, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he or they (hall have made a true account and payment as aforefaid, or compounded the fame with the faid mayor, community, or their focctffors, and paid the money by every fuch compofition ftipulated to be

paid,

Digitized by LjOOQI ^

The thirtieth Tear of George'III.	109

paid* which foid mayor, community, and citizens, art -A. D. hereby authorized to make and receive, if they (hall fo think *790. fit, in full fotisfoftion of all money that (hall be then due Chap. 31. from fuch perfori or perfons

XiV. And be it enafted by the authority aforefoid, That Tolls may be it (hall and may be lawful for the foid mayor, community, fct by sant, as and citizens, and their fucceffors, during the continuance ^cre“,‘ of foid tolls, to demife or fet the fame by public cant, between the hours of twelve and two o'clock of the day, at the exchange of fold city, at the higheft Tent that fhall bj offered and bid for the frrae by a folvent tenant or tenants* the foid tolls or any tolls appointed by virtue of this aft, for the term or fpace of one year, giving fourteen days notice thereof in the public ncwfpaper, and poking the fame in the exchange of foid city; and the foid mayor, community, and citizens* and their fucceffors, are hereby required and empowered under their common feal to appoint the foid tenant or tenants thereof, his or their ferrant or fer-▼ants, to receive or colled foid tolls for fuch term as afore-	,

foid, and the foid mayor, community and citizens are hereby empowered to make and ordain filch rules and regulati-ons as they Or their fucceffors fhall judge neceffary and expedient for the better collecting the tolls aforefoid.

XV.	And be it enaftea by the authority aforefoid, Mayor, &c. That the faid mayor, community, and citizens, or their m*y mortgage , fucceffors, /hall and may, and they are hereby empowered toll3» as lcmQ‘ from time to time by writing under their^coramon feal, to

be figned by the chamberlain for the time being, to convey, afllgn, or mortgage the foid tolls of duties, or any part or parts thereof, to fecure the repayment of any fqm or fuma of money to be borrowed or advanced, to the foid mayor.

Community and citizens, or.their fuedeffors, for the purpofe of enabling them to carry on the erefting of fuch bridge* and for the other purpofes in this aft, to fuch perfon or perfons* or their tru flees, as fhall advance the forae* to be fub-jeft to redemption upon payment of the films fo advanced with the intereft thereof, and the fum or fums fo advanced fhall be applied and difpofed of for the carrying on the erefting of fuch bridge* and for the purpofes of this aft, and the perfons fo lending and advancing upon the credit of the faid tolls or duties appointed by virtue of this aft as aforefoid, fhall not be anfweikble or accountable for the application Or non-up plication of fuch morfey or moxties fo lent or advanced.	-	•

XVI.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefoid, * Mortgages That all perfons to whom fuch mortgages and fecurities fhall may be affigned. he madfe, or who (hall be entitled to the money thereby fe-

cured, may from time to time transfer and affign, the right*

title,

Digitized by Google

no

A. D.

1790. Chap. 31.

t

Mayor, &c. may raife mapey as nioft convenient.

Mkyor, ft c. may make re- * pulations and cuatratta.

Arrhite<$» may raife gravel, &c. a* over-jctxs of roads.

fi]af< lamps

to be placed at every 20 tcct.

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

title, intereff, and benefit in and to the faid mortgages or (counties, and the principal 2nd interefl thereby fecured, to any perfon or perfons by writing or indorsement 0:1 fuch Securities, and Such transfer or alignment (hall entitle Such afiignee, his or her executors, adminiftrators and affi^ns to all benefit thereof and payment thereon, and fuch alfignec may in like manner affign and transfer the Same again.

XVII.	And be it enatted by the authority aforefaid, That if Said mayor, community, and citizens, or,their fuc-ceflors, (hall find any difficulty in raifing a Sufficient Sum or Sums of money from time to time, for the eretting and carrying on faid bridge, and for the other purppofes of thi> ad, the faid mayor, community, and citizens of .Londonderry, and their fucceffors, Shall and may, and arehereby empowered to raife the Same in any other manner they (hail judg* neceffary.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,* That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor, community, and citizens, and their fucceffors in common council aflembled, from time to time to make Such rules, orders, and regulations for the building, eretting, and carrying on fuch bridge, and fupporting and repairing the fame, and make fuch contratts, and do all other mn: ters and things as (hall or may appear to the Said mayor, community, and citizens, or their fucceffors, requifitc and neceffary for carrying on and effecting the purpefes of this ad.

XIX.	And be it further enatted by the authority aforefaid, That the architetts, managers, or perfons employed to build the Said bridge, or Such other perlbn or perfons as the Said mayor, community, and citizens, or their SucceS-iovs llrali appoint, (hall have all and Singular, the Same powers of raifing and carrying away gravel, (fonts, earth, or other materials, for the purpofe of eroding Said bridge, as are given by the laws now in force, to the overfeers of pub-lick roads, and Subject to the fame regulation* and rcUnctions.

XX And be it further emitted by the authority aforefaid, That as Soon as Said bridge (hall be finifhed, the faid mayor, community, and citizens* or their fucceffors, (hall erett and fix at the ditlance of every twenty feet on both jides of the faid bridge, glafs lamps, with double burners, and the fame (hall yearly and every year, be lighted and burning throughout the year, at and for fuch time and times, and iubjett to Such orders, rules, and regulations, as lhall from time to time be made by the Said mayor, community, and citizens or their fucceffors, and that the Said .mayor, community, and citizens, or their fucceffors, (hall .	frota

*	The thirtieth Tear of George III.

from time to time, after faid bridge {hall be finiflied^ ?pforc-faid, nominate and appoint not lefs than four able bodied watchmen to be kept upon the faid bridge throughout the year, for the fafety and protection of perfons palling over the fame, which watchmen fo to be appointed, lhali be fubjed to fuch rules, orders, and directions as lhali from time to time be made by the faid mayor, community, and citizens, or their fuccefibrs, and removeable at their will and pleafure, and the expence of buying, ertding, maintaining, and repairing the laid lamps or lights, and the charges and expences of watching the laid bridge, as in this att is fet forth, lhali be paid out of tke tolls aforefaid, and in cafe the faid mayor, community, and citizens, or their liicccfTursj lhali not ereCi faid lamps as aforefaid, ahd keep the fame lighted in the fame manner as lamps are lighted in the city of Dublin, or (hall not keep a fufficicnt number of watchmen as herein before appointed, for the purpofe of watching faid bridge, then and in fuch cafe the faid mayor is hereby required 2nd empowered to apply fo much of the money arifing from laid tolls, as lhali be ncceflary for the purpofes aforefaid, whole writing under hand and leal, lhali be a ftifheient authority for that purpofe.

XXI.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained {hall extend, or be deemed, conllrued, or taken to extend to prejudice or affeft, or prevent or hinder the mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry aforefaid, from demanding and receiving the ufual and cufiomary tolls and duties, payable to the mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry aforefaid, as they have heretofore received the fame, but the faid mayor, community, and citizens, and

- their luccefTors, (hall have power, and be at libcity to receive the tolls, duties, and cuiioms paid to and received by them, in fuch manner as has been ulual and cuftomur) in faid city and liberties.

XXII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid maryor, commuhitv, aod citizens of Londonderry, and their fucctlfors, lhali and may refeind any of fard tolls, as they {hail judge proper, provided that a fudieiciicy be left for the payment of the aioieia:d lccu-

Titicg.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That fiom and after the monies which (hall have been advanced or borrowed on credit of laid lolls, and the coils, charges, and t xpences hereby charge able and charged on fuch toils, lhali be fully paid and latisheci, and the colls and txpences attending the keeping up, fupport-jng, maintaining, lighting, and watching faid bridge, and the txpences of collecting fuch toll, then the furplus or rebuff

III

Mayor, 5rc. to receive toils hemotme paid.

Mayor, Sec. nnyrelciud toils as hcrun.

After cx-ptnees paid, ovct}>,Ij^ Jar impr^vcriient of city, Ate.

Google

Mayor, 6ce. may remote buildings, to make roads to {aid bridge.

ifayor, Arc. empowered to contra# for lands, &c.

Matter* herein to be afeer-tained by a jury after 14 day* notice.

The thirtieth Tear of George III.	0

fidue to arife therefrom, (hall be paid into the chamberianj of (aid city, for the ufe of faid mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, to be applied in the fame manner as other eftates and prdpmy dre vefted ifi the faid mayor, community* attd citizens of Londonderry, for the ufe and Improvement of faid city and fuburhs.

XXIV.	And bt; it enafted by thfc authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful, to and for the faid mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, to defign, Jay out, opetl, and make one or more paffage or paflages to faid bridge, and for that purpofe to pull down and remove fuch buildings as obilrtlft the fame, and to make fuch roads to (aid bridge within faid city, fubutbs, and liberties, as they may deem necefTary, and mod convenient for the pub-lick, and lead injurious to private property, fird making reafonable fatisfa&ion to the perfon and perfons who dial! fuftain any damage thereby, id fuch manner as hereafter mentioned; provided no dwelling houfes, offices, or garden thereunto belonging, fhall be immediately pulled down; or paded through, without the coinfent of the owner and bwners.

XXV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforc-

faid, That the faid mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, fhall be, and are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, to treat, con trad, and agree with the feveral owners, proprietors, occupiers of, and perfons intereded in any lands, tenements, houfes, buildings,* gardens or hereditaments, requisite for thj? purpofes afore-laid for the purchafe or by way of annual rent for t,he fame,* or othervife, as the faid mayor, community and citizens fhall think fit, and likewise for the lofs or damage fuch owners, proprietors, occtiplers, and* perfons intereded, cf any of thetn, fhall or may any ways refpe&ively fudain, by fuch opening, making, pulling down, or repairing flight paflage or roads, and out of the tolls colle&ed, or to bt collected, by virtue of this	or out of any money bor-

rowed on the credit of this ad, tp pay for the purchafe of fuch* lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, Or for fuch lofs or damage as may be fuftained; fuch fum or fums of money,' or annual rent, as fhall be agreed upon, between fuch owners, proprietors, occupiers, and pCrfona intereded .aforefaid, ana faid mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, and all the codflf and charges attending fuch agreements and purchases refpec-tively.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any fuch owner, proprietor, occupied, and perfons interefted in any fuch lands* tenements* buildings,

*	homes*

#

^	"the thirtieth tear of George tit;

houfes, grounds, or hereditaments, upon fourteen days notice tx> them given* or left in writing at the dwelling houfe br houfes, or place or places of abode, of fuch perfon or

Eerfons, or at the houfe' of the tenant iri poffefiion of fuch mds, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, and hereditaments, fhall negleft or refufe to treat, dr fhall not agree for ^hc purchafe* or renting of any fuch lands* tenements* houfes, buildings* grounds and hereditaments* or any part or parcel thereof, or for their intereft therein, or for any annual rent to be paid for the fame* or by reafdn of abfence fhall be prevented from treating as aforefaid* then and in fuch cafe, the faid mayor, community, and citizens, fhall caufe it to be enquired into, and afeertaiued by* and upon the oath of a jury of twelve indifferent men of the body of the city and county of Londonderry aforefaid, which oath the mayor of faid dity is hereby required and empowered to adminifter what damages will be fullained by, and what recompence and fatisfa&ioni fhall be made to fnch Owners, occupiers, and proprietors* or other perfon or perfons interefted for* Or upon account of pulling down fuch houfes, opening or making faid paflage of roads ; and in order thereunto, the faid mayor* community, and citizens, arc hereby empowered and required, from time to time, as there fhall be occa-fion, to fummon and call before the faid jury, pnd examine upon oath, all perfons whatsoever, who fh^ll be thought neceffary or proper to examine as witneffes, touching or concerning the premiffes, which oath the faid mayor id hereby required and empowered to adminifter,* and if any of the parties interefted fhall requeft the fame, fhall alfo taufc'the faid jury to view the place or places in queftion* and fhall ufe all other lawful ways and means, as well for their own aS for the faid jury’s better information in the pre-miffes., in fuch mannet as to the faid mayor fhall feein fit ; and afcer the faid jury fhall have fo enquired of, afcertained, and fettled fuch damage and recompence* he* the faid mayor, fhall thereupon order and adjudge the fum or fumd of money fo affeffed by the jury for fuch purchafe, or fuch annual rents as aforefaid, to be paid to the perfons interefted in faid lands, tenements, buildings, houfes* grounds, ©f hereditaments, according* to the vCrdidl and in^uifition of fuch jury, which faid verdift 6r inquifitioft, and the order and adjudication fo had ?nfd rhade* fhall be final and con-dufive to all intends and pnrpofes, ^gainft all parties or perfons whatfoever* claiming in poffemon, reverfion, remainder or othervvife* their heirs, executors, or admin i ftrators and fucceffors refpedively, as well abfent as prefent, infants, femes covert f lonaticks, idiots, and perfon3 tinder any other difabftity whatfoever, as wdl as all perfon or perfons what-Vol. IX.	H	foevery

I

Google

Jury may be thuilcngcd*

Sums aflefied chargeable on tolls.

Tie thirtieth Year of Georg*III.	t

foever, and all and efrery fuch owners, Occupiers and proprietors, and perfons interefted in fuch lands, tenements, buildings, houies, grounds, or hereditaments fo purthafed as aforefaid, (hall thereby be from thenceforth to aH intents and purposes divefted of all right, claim, intercll or property of, in, to, or out of the fame, and for the fummoning and returning fuch jury and juries, thefaid mayor is hereby empowered from time to time, to iffue his warrant or warrants to the (heriffs of the faid city and county, thereby requiring them to impannel, fummon, and return, an indifferent jury of twenty-four perfons, to appear before the mayor, at fuch time and place as in fuch warrant (hall he appointed \ of which time and place all parties interefted (hall hare fourteen days notice given, or left in manner aforefaid ; and the faid (heriffs are hereby required to impannel, fummon, and return fuch twenty-four perfons accordingly, and out of the perfons fo impannelled, fummoned, and returned, or out of fucli of them as (hall appear accordingly, to or upon fnch fummons, the faid mayor (hall caufe to be fwom twelve, who (hall be the jury for the purpofe aforefaid, and for default of a fufficient number of jurymen, the faid (heriffs (hall return fo many of the ftandeis-by as (hall be nc-ceffary to make up the number of twelve, to ferve on fuch jury.	•

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all perfons concerned (hall, from time to time, have their lawful challenges, but not to challenge the array of the panel, againft any of the faid jurymen when they come to be fworn ; and the faid mayor (hall have power from time to time, to impofe any reafonable fine or fines on fuch (heriffs, bailiffs or agents, making default in the premiffes, and on any of the perfons that (hall be fummoned and returned on fuch jury, and (hall not appear, or (hall refufe to be fworn on the faid jury, or to give their verdidt, or in any manner wilfully negle&ing their duty therein, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adl; and on any of the perfons who being required to give evidence, touching the premiffes, (hall refufe to be examined or give evidence, and from time to time to iffuc theif warrant to levy fuch fine and fines off the goods and chat-tits of fuch perfon and perfons lb fined, fo as that no fuch fine (hall exceed the fum of forty (hillings, upon any one perfon, for any one offence.

XXVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch furtis of money, confidcration, rent, recompence, or fatisfa&ion as (hall be agreed for or affeffed as aforefaid, for the pulling down any houfe or houfes* making paffages to faid bridge, or for the damages

' fulbuafcd

X

* *	The	thirtieth	Tear	of George ill.

fuftained by any new road, fhaU be, and is, and are hereby charged and chaigeable upon the tolls belonging to the (aid bridge, and (hall be paid thereout or out of the money borrowed upon the credit of the fame, to the refpetf ive per-fbot endued thereto, and that upon payment of fuch fum or Turns which (hall be fb afiefied for fuch lands, to be pur-chafed as aforefaid,, or tender thereof and refufal to accept the fame, or cafe any fuch perfon or perfons after fix days notice to be given to him, her, or them, or left at the houfe of the occupier of the premises, (hall refufe or ne-gled to receive the fame, then upon leaving the fame in the hands of the chamberlain of faid mayor, community, and citizens, to be paid upon demand to fuch peifon or perfons as (hall be entitled to the fame, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid mayor, community, and citizens, or their fuc-cefTors, workmen, or agents to take down fuch houfes, buildings, and tenements, and to lay the ground whereon the fame were ereded, and alfo fuch other grounds, lands, or hereditaments as aforefaid, or fuch part thereof as they (hall think fit into the faid new road, and to do all and every fuch ad, matter, and thing relating to fuch lands, tenements, houfes, grounds, lands, or hereditaments, ard to ditch, drain, and fence out the fame, as to the faid mayor, community, and citizens (hall think fit, for carrying this ad into execution, and fuch lands, tenements, grounds, and hereditaments, after the money fo <;ontraded and agreed for, or fo aflefied and adjudged as aforefaid, (hall be paid, tendered, or left as herein directed, and after the faid premifies fhalf be fo ditched, drained, and fenced, or fuch part thereof as the faid mayor, community, and citizens (hall dir^d, (hall to all intents and purpofes what foe ver become and be a common highway.

XXIX.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall in any manner injure, lefien, or defeat the right, plantation in title, and filtered of the honourable fociety of the governor

and afliftants of London, the new plantation in Uiftcr, Tcarjy for within the realm of Ireland, to the fum of twenty pounds for the ferry, fterling yearly for **er, payable out of faid tolls under the leaf#* or grant made of the ferry on faid river of Lough foyle, to the (aid mayor, community, and citizens of Londonder- * ry, or any covenant or agreement entered into between them, in cafe the faid bridge (hall not be built, or fuffered to become ruinous and impaffable.

XXX.	And provided alfo, That nothing in this prefent Leflcen of ad, (hall injure or deprive the leffees holding fuch ferry ferry to have under the faid mayor, community, and citizens of Lon-donderry from enjoying the toll thereof, until fuch bridge tja wherein. Audi be ereded, fubjed however to the rent payable by

%	fuen

The nrw

G< • [e-

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

fuch leffiees, to the faid mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, under the prefent fubfifting leafe thereof.

XXXI.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained, (hall affe&, injure, or deflroy the rights and privileges of any perfon in faid city, fuburbs, or liberties, of any right which they heretofore enjoyed of palling and repaying the faid ferry, but fuch perfon and perfons (hall have, cxercife, and enjoy the fame right and privilege of palhng and re-palling over faid bridge as they might over the faid ferry, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithllanding.

XXXII.	And whereas the erefting and continuing lamps

to regulate mat- Jn faid city, will tend to the prefervation of the fame, and t^lam^of ^ cak con*enience t^ic inhabitants thereof: be it the city.	enaded	by the authority aforefaid, That it lhail and may

be lawful for the mayor, community, and citizens of the faid city of Londonderry, in common council affembled, and they are hereby required yearly to afeertain and fix on the number and kind of lamps neccflary for the faid city and fuburbs thereof, and the places where the lame lhail be ere&ed, and the manner of erecting the fame, avd the time when and how long the faid lamps (hall be and continue lighted, and the manner of lighting, cleanfing, trimming, fnuffing, maintaining and repairing the fame, together with the amount of the fums of money to be expended in the cre6l- -ing, lighting, cleanfing, trimming, fnuffing, maintaining and repairing each of the faid lamps ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid mayor, community, and citizens of the faid city of Londonderry, and they are hereby required yearly and every year, between the firfl day of May, and firll day of Auguft in each year, to nominate and ap- * point in writing three inhabitants of each of the four wards or divifions of the faid city and fuburbs, called by the names following, to wit, Bifhop-Street ward, Ship-Quay-Street ward, Butcher-Streetward, and Ferry-Quay-Street ward, to be applotters, and that the faid applottcis, or any ,five or more of them, (hall and may, and they are hereby required to value and eftimate the yearly value of the feveral lands, dwellin^-houfes, eut-houfes,' offices, cellars, (lables, and yards within faid city and fuburbs, together with fuch hew houfes, out-houfes, a^d premiffies, as ll.all be from time to time hereafter built, credled, or eftablifhed, within the faid city of Londonderry, and to applot the money to be raifed and paid for the purpofes aforefaid, by a proportionable poundage, according to'tbe value at which fuch houfes and other premiffies lhail be valued, fpecifying in fuch ap-plctment the names of the different perfons inhabiting or poffcfiiug the fame, w ho are to be liable to pay the fame,

and

Perfon* who enjoyed right heretofore of palling ferry, may paf» bridge.

Mayor, &c.

\

I

The thirtieth Year of George III.

and that each of the faid applotters fhall previous to his ailing as an applotter, take and fubfcnbe an oath, or f^k^na affirmation, (if of the people called quakers) before the mayor of the faid city of Londonderry, that he will, according to the bed of his (kill, abilities, and knowledge, faithfully and impartially, without favour or affe&ion, malice, or ill-will to any perfon or perfons whatsoever, applot the faid fums fo to be applotted as aforefaid, * and that if any of the applotters to be appointed in purfuant to this all of parliament, (hall negleH, omit, or refufe to take the oaths or affirmation hereby required to be taken by each of the faid applotters, or (hall happen to die before the faid applotters, or any five or more of them, (hall have made the aforefaid applotments, that fuch negleH, refufal, omiffion, or death, (hall not invalidate the applotments made, or to be made by the other of the faid applotters, or any five or more of them, but that in every fuch cafe, notwith(landing fuch negled, omiffion, refufal, or death, the applotments made, or to be made by the others of the faid applotters, or any five or more of them, (hall be good and valid, and that the faid applotments in ten days after the fame (hall be fo made, (hall be returned to the mayor of the faid city of Londonderry, in Writing figned by the applotters thereof, or any five or more of them, and that every' perfon who (hall be appointed an applotter by the mayor, community, and citizens of the faid city of Londonderry', purfuant to this all, and (hall neglelt, omit, or refufe to take upon him the faid office, or undertaking the fame (hall neglelt or omit the execution thereof, or of any part thereof, or (hall neglelt, omit, or refufe to return the applotments to be made by liim or them as aforefaid, in fuch manner, and within fuch time as herein before is mentioned, or (hall without reafona-ble caufe neglelt or omit for the fpace of eight and forty hours after being fummoned thereto, in writing, figned by the mayor of the faid city of Londonderry, to appear before the faid mayor, and to take the oath or affirmation herein before mentioned, or (hall neglelt or omit for twenty days after the majority of the applotters appointed purfuant to this all, (hall have taken the oath or affirmation to make the aforefaid applotments purfuant to this aH, in every fuch cafe, each and every one of the faid applotters fo offending, (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered by di(lref8 of the offender's goods, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and feal of the mayor of the faid city of Londonderry, to be iffued for that purpofe to the con ft able of the faid city and liberties, or other proper officer or officers, and to be applied in fuch manner as herein after direHed, and that if it (hall happen tha^no fuch ap-

ploiments

A. D.

1790. Chap. 3



U8

A. D.

1790. Chap. 31.

i

The thirtieth Tear of George III.	»

i

plotmenta as herein before fet forth, (hall be made by the iforefaid applotters, or any five or more of them, within one calendar month after the faid applotters (hall have been appointed purfuant to this ad, that then and in fuch cafe, each and every of the faid applotters (hall from the eod of the faid month, forfeit the film of twenty (hillings for every day, until the faid applotments (hall be made and returned to the mayor of the faid city, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, by virtue of and under tuch warrant as aforefaid, and "to be applied in fuch manner aa herein after direded ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the mayor, community, and citizens of the faid city of Londonderry, from time to time to agTe^ with, and appoint any perfon or perfoqs as lamp contrador or contrao tors, for ertding, lighting, cleanfing, trimming, fnuffing, maintaining, and repairing the faid lamps, for any number of years not exceeding fourteen, and the perfon or perfons fo appointed (hall, before he or they (hall enter upon the execution of the faid office, give ficurity by bond, made payable to the mayor, community, and citizens of the city Of Londonderry, with two fufficient fecurities for the due and faithful execution of his or their office or offices •, and that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid mayor, community, and citizens, to nominate, conftitutc, and appoint fuch lamp contrador and contractors to colled and receive the fcveral fums to be made payable by the applotments herein before mentioned, and that the faid lamp contrador or contradors (hall colled and receive half-yearly the feve-ral fums to be made payable by the herein beforegmentioned applotments, off and from all perfons liable to pay the fame, and all perfons who fhall be charged therewith or be thereunto liable, (hall pay fuch fums fo applotted on them as aforefaid, to the faid lamp contrador or contradors for the time being, by two half-yearly*payments, on every firft day' of January, and on every firft day of July, fuch lamp contrador or contradors giving from time to time receipts gratis, if thereunto required ; and that if any perfon or perfons (hall negled or refufe to pay the fum or fums of money applotted on him, her, or them as aforefaid, for feven days after petfonal demand thereof made for him, her, or them by the faid lamp contrador or contradors, or any perfon by writing figned by the faid lamp contrador or contradors thereunto authorized, or after demand in writing (hall be left at the place of abode of fuch perfon or perfons, that then and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch lamp contrador or contradors, in the prefence of one or more conftable or conftables of the faid parifhes, to diftrain the goods and chattels of fuch perfon or *	perfonsi

Digitized by

Goos

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

per(bns, and if the faid goods and chattels fhall not be re? plevied, or the money paid within fix (Jays after fuch diftrefs made, together with the cofts of making fuch diftrefs, to be ascertained by the mayor of t)ie faid city of Londonderry, then to appraife and fell the faid goods and chatties, or fuch part thereof as (hall be Sufficient to pay the money applotted on fu^h perfon or perfons, tqgether with all cofts and charges attending the faid diftrefs, returning the overplus (if any) to the owu^r or owners of fuefr goods or chatties ; and in cafe any replevin fhall be brought for the goods and chatties fo diftrained, the mayor of the faid city of Londonderry for the time being, fhall apd is hereby empowered and required to iffue a fummons in writing to all parties concerned to hear and determine the matter in dif-pute, whether the fame fhall depend upon a claim of property by a ftranger or otherwife, in the mofi fpeedy and fummary way, by examining parties and witnefTes on oath, which he is hereby empowered to do, and to award return of th? goods fo diftrained, orafale thereof, for payment of the *faid fum or fums applotted on the faid perfon or perfons, unlefs fuch diftrefs be forthwith redeemed, and thq determination of the faid mayor fhall be final and conclufive to all parties, and that it fhall and may be lawful for the mayor, community, and citizens of the faid city of Londonderry, as often as any perfon or perfons whom they fhall agree with, and appoint to ere8, light, fnuflf, cleanfe, trim, maintain, and repair the faid lamps, fhall be guilty of any negleft or mifbehaviour in the execution of his, 01 their faid office or offices, to remove him or them fo offending, from his, her, or their refpe&ive offices, and in his, or their flead, from time to time, to appoint any other perfon or perfons, as lamp contra&or or contra&ors, to ere&, light. Snuff, cleanfe, trim, repair, and maintain the faid lamps, taking fuch Security from him or them as aforefaid, for any term of years, not exceeding fourteen years, and fuch perfon or perfons fo to be agreed with and appointed as aforefaid, may and fhall have and receive the Several fums to be made payable by the applotments aforefaid, with the feveral powers of diflraining iind recovering the fame, which are herein before mentioned ; provider!, that if any perfon or perfons fo removed, fhall think himfelf or themfelves fg-grieved by fuch removal, it ihall and may be lawful for him or them to appeal to the next going judge of affize for the county of the faid city, who is hereby authorized finally to determine the matter in difpute, and to reftore fuch perfon or perfons, or to confirm his or their removal, as to the faid judge fl^H feem fit, from which determination there fhall be no further appeal; and. that if any perfon or perfons whom the mayor, community, and citizens of the faid

U9

A, t>. 1790.

Chap. 3if

*



The thirtieth Tear of George III.

A. D. city of Londonderry (hall agree with and appoint to ered, 1790.	light, fnuff, cleanfe, trim, maintain and repair tbe laid

Chap. 31.	lamps, as aforefaid, (ball negledt to fupply the faid lamps

with a fufficient quantity of good and proper wick, or oil, to continue lighting for fqch time as the faid mayor, community, and citizens (hall determine and fix pn as aforefaid, pr (hall negleft to keep the glades of the faid lamps, and of every of them, clean and entire, or (hall be guilty pf any other negle£t for which the mayor, community, and citir zens of the faid city may not think proper to remove the faid perfon or perfons, that then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, (hall forfeit for every lamp which the faid perfon or perfons (hall fo negle6l, for every night which fuch perfon or perfons (hall fo negleft, the fum of five (hillings, to be recovered and levied by dif-trefs and fale of fuch offenders goods and chatties, after convid ion before the mayor, or other juftlce of the peace of the faid city of Londonderry, by the teftimony of one witnefs, or by confeffion of the party accufed, and lo be applied in manner herein after direded ; and that if any# perfon or perfons (hall wilfully or maiicioufly break, thro** down, or extinguifh any lamp or laftips to be erefted, to light the (Ireets, lanes, pafiages, or quays of the faid city of Londonderry, or thp fqburbs thereof, or wilfully damage the pods, iron, or other furniture of the fame ; it (hall be lawful for any perfon or perfons to arred and det tain fuch offender or offenders, qntil he, (he, or they may be carried before the mayor or fome other judice of the peace of the faid city, for the time bping j and every perfon fo offending, and being thereof convi&ed by the oath of one witnefs, or by the confeffion of the party accufed before the mayor or any jullice of the peace for the faid city, (hall for the firft offence forfeit forty (hillings for each lamp, pod, iron, or furniture thereof, and for the fecond offence, the fum of fifty (hillings for each lamp, pod, iron, or furniture thereof! and for the third, and every fubfequent offence, the fum of three pounds for each lamp, pod, iron, or furniture thereof, fo broken, thrown down, extinguifhed, or wilfully damaged, to be recovered and levied by didrefs and fale of tbe offenders goods, in maqncr as aforefaid, and to be applied in fuch manner as herein after dire&ed ; and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall be convi&ed in the manner before described, of breaking, throwing down, or extinguishing any lamp within the (aid fcity or fuburbs thereof, or wilfully damaging the pods, iron, or other furniture thereof, and no goods or chatties of the perfon fo offending Can, at tjie time of fuch con vision be found, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid mayor or judice,

The thirtieth Tear of George III,

1*1

Rearing jfuch complaint, to commit fuch offender tb thf- Ar D. houfe of correftion, there -to be kept to hard labour for 1790. ?my time not left than one month, and not exceeding fix Chap. 31. months ; provided, that if fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall be paid before the time of fuch commitment be expired, that then fuch offender (hall, upon fuch payment, be immediately difeharged out of cuftody ; and in cafe no goods or chatties of any of the other offenders who (hall be confined of £ny of the other offences, omiflions, or refufals made pu-nifhable by pecuniary penalties, by any other part of this aft, relating to lamps, (hall be found within twenty-four hours after iffuing fuch warrant as aforefaid, then it (hall be lawful for the faid mayor to iffue his warrant in nature of an execution, to take the body of fuih offender, and to commit fuch offender to the gaol of the faid city, and county of the faid city of Londonderry, to be held in execution until fuel) penalty and forfeiture (hall be fatisfted and paid ; provided neyerthelefe, that if any perfon or perfons‘(hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by the tjodgmentof the faid mayor of the city of Londonderry, or otherjuftice of the peace, that fuch perfon or perfons may appeal to the juftice* of the peace at the next general or quarter feffions to be held for the faid city of Londonderry 5 and if any fuch perfon or perfons (hall happen to be in cuftody, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, and may be difeharged out of cuftody, upon giving fufficient bail to appear at the faid feffions, and the jufticeq of the peace at fuch feffions are hereby empowered to fummon and examine witneffes on oath on either fide, and finally to hear and determine the merits of fuch appeal, and make fuch order therein as (hall be agreeable to the provifion and meaning of this aft, and to the nature and circumftances of the cafe, and in cafe of conviftion may, and (hall iffue a warrant or warrants for levying the penalties or forfeitures, and for committing the offender or offenders as aforefaid ; that all the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures which (hall be inflifted and levied by this a£l, for wilfully or malicioufly breaking, throwing down, or extingui(hing any lamp or lamps to be erefted in the faid city, or fuburbs thereof, or for wilfully damaging the pofts, iron, or other furniture of the fame, (hall be paid and applied in the manner following, that is to fay, onq moiety thereof totthe perfon or perfons who (hall difeover and profecute fuch offender or offenders to conviftion, and the other moiety, and all other the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures which (hall be inflifted and levied by this aft, to the governors of the work-houfe of the faid city of Londonderry, lor the ufeof the faid work-houfe; and that if any pcrfoi* gr perfqns (hall (leal, or forcibly carry away any of the

fold

Ill

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

A* d:

«79°-Chap. 31.

Mayor, fire, to afeeruia the wards.

Who are to pay Unop meaty, Jic.

Perfons whofe houfe is under the value of 31. not to pay lamp money. &c.

Mayor to iffuc hit war-rat, as herein.

(hid lamps, irons, pods, or furniture [thereof, fuch perfoflF or perfons being lawfully convi&ed thereof upon indictment, fhall be adjudged gtiilty of felony, and (hall be tranfported to one of his Majefty’s pluntations in America for feven years, or (hall be publickly whipped at the diferetion of the judge who (hall pafs judgment on fuch offender.

XXXIIJ. And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, and their fucceffors be, and they are hereby on-powered to fet out and ascertain the bounds of each of the laid wards, liable to contribute to the expence of pur-chafing, lighting, and ereding fuch lamps, and the charge# attending the fame.

XXXIV.	Provided always, That no tenant, occupier,' or owner of any of the faid feveral lands, dwelling houfes, or premiffes refpeftively, (hall be liable to, or (hall pay any part of the faid watch, or lamp money, whofe faid lands, or dwelling houfe or dwelling houfes, or premiffes refpec-tively, (hall not be one hundred feet diftance of fomc one of the watch-houfes or lamps to be ere&ed ns aforefaid, any ♦ thing in this a& contained to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXV.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no inhabitants wnthin faid city or fu*. burbs thereof, (hall be charged or pay any part of the ex-pences, cofts, or charges of ere&ing fuch lamps, or flip-porting the fame, whofe houfe or cabbin in faid city or fub-urbs thereof is, or fhall be under the value of three pounds, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXVI.	Whereas the fines impofed, and the recognizances forfeited, at the mayor or recorder^ court of the city of Londonderry, and general quarter feffions of the peace for faid city and liberties of Londonderry, are eftreated and returned from the laid mayor’s court and feflions, into the common council of faid city, confiding of the mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, to whom fuch fines and recognizances are granted by the faid recited charter: and whereas doubts have arifen by whom procefs ought to be iffued for the levying thereof, and to whom the fame ought to be direfled, whether to the fheriffs or ferjeants at mace ; for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the mayor of faid city, under his hand and feal, to iffue his warrant in the nature of an execution, dire&ed to the (heriffs of the faid city and county of Londonderry, to levy fuch fines and recognizauccs off the goods and chatties of the perfon and perfons named in fuch eftreats, and from

when*

Digitized by

Google

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

whom the fame ought to be levied, and the fame when levied to pay over to the chamberlain of the (aid mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, and their iucce floraj provided that nothing herein contained, (hall in any manner affe& the right of the faid mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, and their fucceffors, in common council aflembled, remitting or reducing fuch fine or fines, recognizance or recognizances, but that they may have and ex-croife fuch right and power as they ufually have done, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding*

XXXVII.	And whereas many of the ftreets, lanes, and Thtnowert paflages of the faid city of Londonderry, and the fuburbs grantedby 31 thereof, are too narrow, by means whereof the health of G.». with the the inhabitants of faid city 1*9 injured, and the trade of the

laid city greatly obllruded ; be it therefore enaded by the 24 G. 3. veiled authority aforefaid, That all the powers veiled by an ad inniyor, Jkc. made in the thirty-firll year of the reign of George the fe-cond, entitled. An ad for making a wide and convenient way, Jlreet9 and pajfage from EJfex Bridge to the cafile of •Dublin, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, together with the amendments of the fame, made by an ad palled in the thirty-third year of the reign of king George the fe-cond, together with the feveral additional powers therein given, as alfo all the powers veiled by an ad made in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his prefent Majelly, entitled. An ad for better regulating the police of tie city of Waterford, fhall and may be hereby veiled in the faid mayor, community, and citizens, and that all and lingular the claiifes contained therein refpedively, except thole claufes therein, wheieby certain commiflioners in the faid ad of the thirty-firll of George the fecond named or appointed, and that claufe wherein certain com-miflioners in the faid ad of the twenty-third ann twenty* fourth years of the reign of his prefent Majelly named, arc appointed in the faid city of Dublin and city of Waterford, (hall be in full force with refped to the faid ftreets, lanes, and palfages, and the lands, grounds, houfes, and tenements in the faid city of Londonderry and fuburbs thereof

XXXVIII.	Provided always, That the faid mayor, com* Mayor, Ac. munity, and citizens, fhall have no power or authority to notto widen, lay out, delign, or widen any fuch llreet, way, paflage or any Greet, gate within the faid city and fuburbs thereof, without a

jury /hall by their verdid firll find and prefent that fuch jury!* * way, llreet, paflage, or gate is neceflary to be widened, hyed out, or deflgned, and for that punpofe the mavor of the faid city of Londonderry for the time being, (hall ilTuc a precept under his hand and f al of office to the IhcrifT of	^

the

Digitized by

Google

124	Tif thirtieth Tear of George III.

A. D.	the city and county of Londonderry, returnable in two

1790.	days after the date thereof, who (hall by virtue thereof im-

Chap. 31. pannel and return a jury in the manner, for the purpofes and with the powers dire&ed and veiled in and by the faid a& of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth of his prefent Majefly.

Mayor, &c. XXXIX. And whereas the feveral ftreets, quays, alleys, may dirca lanes, yards, fquares, foot-paths, and other places within the ftreets, fire, or fay cfcy an(j foburbs of Londonderry are not properly P*vc<*» a°d it would greatly tend to the free intercourfe, ^	*	health,	and	fafety	of	the	feveral	citizens	and inhabitants

thereof, and of all perfons paffing into and through the fame, if the faid ftreets, quays, alleys, lanes, yards, fquares, foot-paths, and other places were properly pitched, paved, or flagged ; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid mayor, community, and citizens in common council alfembled, (hall have full power and authority, from time to time, to order and direft any of the publick ftreets, quays, alleys, lanes, yards, fquares, footpaths, and other places now in being, or hereafter to. be made within the faid city and fuburbs, any part or parts of fuch ftreets, quays, alleys, lanes, yards, fquares, and footpaths, as well tliofe ufed by foot paffengers as thofe ufed by foot paffengers as thofe ufed by carriages, to be pitched, paved, flagged, raifed or altered, and (hall alfo havefull power and authority to caufe to be dug, carted and carried out of, or brought into the faid ftreets, quays, alleys, lanes, yards, fquares and foot-paths, or any other place or places within the faid city, fuburbs and liberties, fuch gravel, ftones, flags, and other materials, as the faid mayor, community, and citizens in common council alfembled (hall judge neceffary, and to contrad for, or employ fuch artificers, workmen, labourers, carters, and others, for the executing or compleating the fame, as the faid mayor, community, and citizens fhall judge neceffary, and for defraying the charges and expenccs of paving, flagging, or re-* pairing the faid ftreets, quays, alleys, lanes, yards, fquares and foot-paths; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor, community, and citizene in common council affembled, to impofe and lay on all fuch rate or rates, tax or taxes, affeffment or qffeffments, as fhall be thought needful by the faid mayor, community, and citizens, upon all and every the lands, houfes, fhops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or tenements within the faid city and fuburbs, the faid rates, taxes, and affeflinents, to be raifed, levied, paid, and affeffed in fuch manner as herein dire&ed, for the lightening of the faid city and fuburbs.

•	XL.	And



Digitized by

Google

The thirtieth Tear of George III.	125

XL.. And to enable the faid mayor, community and citi-	A. D.

tens, to amend, repair, or make new all fuch pavements ;	1 790.

be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That-it (hall Chap. 31. and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor, community, and citizens, or any perfon or perfons by them duly autho- May raife rized and appointed, to fearch for, dig, raife, and carry away gravel, fand, ftones, flags, or other materials,-fit and neceflary for mending, repairing, making, paving and flagging the ground at faid ftreets, quays, alleys, lanes, fquares, and foot-paths in herein, the feveral grounds of any perfon where any fuch materials may be found, paying fuch rates for fuch materials to the owners or occupiers of the ground from which the fame (hall be raifed, gathered, and carried away,as the faid mayor, com* munity and citizens (hall award and judge reafonable ; and in cafe any owner or occupier of fuch ground (hall think him-felf injured or aggrieved by fuch award or adjudication, it (hall be lawful for fuch owner or occupier of fuch ground to appeal therefrom to the judices of the quarter feffions for the city and liberties of Londonderry, who (hall and are hereby empowered and required finally to determine fuch matter, and award fuch reafonable fums for damages to fuch owner or occupier of fuch ground, from whence fuch materials (hall be taken as (hall be afiefled by a jury at fuch feffions, upon the refpe&ive parties and their council, and examination on oath of any witneffes that (hall be produced by the parties on either fide.

XLI. Whereas many encroachments are made, and nui- Afte* *4 fances ere&ed in the feveral ftreets and lanes in the faid city	&

of Londonderry and fuburbs thereof, to the great annoy- riffs may re-ance of the inhabitants thereof; be it ena&ed by the autho- movenuifancot rity aforefaid. That from and after the twenty-fourth day w herein, of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the mayor and (herifts of the faid city of Londonderry for the time being, to remove all encroachments and nuifances in making doors or ftairs of cellars proje&ing into the ftreets or lanes, by delivering an order in writing to the refpe&ive tenants and occupiers of the refpc&ive houfes and cellars, fetting forth and dire&ing in what manner all fuch doors, ftairs, and pafiages, that are encroachments or nuifances in fuch ftreets or lanes, (hall be altered, and in what manner fet back, or to remove all encroachments or nuifances of (hop windows, window (butters, frames, pent-houfes, (beds, or (landings in and upon fuch ftreets or lanes, and in cafe the chief tenant or occupier of fuch cellars, and the owners or occupiers of fuch houfes, (hops, and cellars, (hall refufe or negle& to comply with fuch dire&ions of the mayor, or refufe to remove or caufe to be removed all fuch encroachments and nuifances, for the fpace of thirty-one days after fuch order as aforefaid,

i*

thirtieth fear of Oorge III. '

in fuch cafe it (hall and may be then lawful for the mayor or (heriffs of the faid city, to employ workmen, and to alter, remove, or take away the fame, and to compel the faid tenants, occupiers, or owners to pay all the charges thereof^ by diftrefs and (ale of their goods, to be levied by warrant under the hand and feal of the faid mayor.

XLII. And be it further enafted by the authority afpre-(aid, That all figns, fign- irons, polls, boards, fpouts, or gutters already bunt, placed, or being in any of the faid ftieets tfua of hoafes. or lanes in the faid city or fuburbs thereof, (hall be 6xed or placed on the (ides, ends, or fronts of fuch houfes, (hope, ware-houfes, or buildings refpe&ively whereunto the (ame (hall belong and not otherwife, and that the water from the tops of all houfes within the faid city and fuburbs thereof, fronting upon any ftreets, lanes, alleys, or pafiages, (hall be conveyed unto or near the ground by pipes or trunks brought down by the (ides, fronts, or ends of faid houfes, and if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time hereaftei hang, erc&, place or build any (ign, fign-poft, or iron-board, fpout, or gutter in any of the (aid (Ireets or lanes of the faid city, or caufe the fame to be done in any other manner than a afore faid, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the mayor of faid city for the time being, after thirty-one days notice given to the party offending as aforefaid, to employ workmen, aud to alter, place and fix the faid figns, boards, fpouts, or gutters, agreeable to the dirc&iona of this e&, and to compel the owners of the fame to pay all the charges attending the fame, by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, to be levied by warrant under the hand and feal of the faid mayor.

XLIII. Provided always, That if any perfon or perfons Perfonsag- (hall apprehend themfelves aggrieved by any fuch orders or grieved may ap- dire&ions as aforefaid, they may appeal to the juflices of the &£qUartCr peace in their neat fefiions to be held for the faid city, and (aid juftices are hereby empowered to bear and finally determine the fame, and to order the (heriffs of the faid city at fuch fefiions to impannel and return a jury immediately for the trial of the fame, and in cafe faid jury (hall by their verdid find fuch appeal to be frivolous or vexatious, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftices to impofe a fine not exceeding five pounds, on every fuch appellant, whofe appeal (hall be fo found frivolous or yexatious as aforefaid, and to award full coils to the ref-pondent, fuch fine to be levied by diftrefs and fale of fuch appellant's goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of the (aid mayor, and to be paid when fo levied to the chamberlain of the faid city, and to be difpofed of by the mayor, 2	community.

a*6

A.

D.

Chap* 3!.

tens, Sec. to be pltccd «t fides. fp'f*.



thirtieth Teat of George III.

community, and citizens of the faid city for the pttfpofes aforefaid, and none other.

XL1V. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That every occupier of any houfe, tenement, liable, or yard, within the faid city and fuburbs, (hall once in every day from the firft day of May to the firft day of Oc-tober, before the hour of eight, and from the firft day of ^ Oftober to the firft day of April, before the hour of ten of the clock in the forenoon of each day, (crape, fweep, cleanfe, or caufe to be fwept or cleanfed the foot-way or ftreet all along the front of their refpe&ive houfes, tenements, ftables, or yards, over or beyond the gutter or chaunel oppofite thereto, or in default thereof (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay' the fum of one (hilling, the fame to be levied in default fined and applied by the mayor of (aid city for the time being, in fuch manner as is herein before dire&ed, with regard to the £ne for a frivolous or vexatious appeal.

XLV. And whereas great inconvenience arifes to the public from laying coal afhes, horfe dung, and other rub-bi(h in the ftreets, lanes, and alleys, and other places in the faid city and fuburbs, to the gteat annoyance of the public; for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one ^the

thoufahd feven hundred and ninety, no perfon whatfoever ftrc^ *but cup

carrying out of any houfe, yard, cellar, court, lane, alley, riedaway in

dr other plade whatfoever, any coal allies, horfe dung, or carts;

any other kind of rubbifti or dirt, (hall attempt to lay down

the fame in any of the ftreets or liberties of the faid city,

but (hall have a cart ready at the door of faid houfe, yard,

cellar, lane, or alley, to load faid coal allies, horfe dung, or

rubbifh in, and that no perfon whatfoever (hall be permitted

to load or carry away fuch coal allies, horfe dung, rubbilh,

or any dirt o > any low-backed car, or otherwife than in a

cart, under the penalty of ten (hillings fterling for every fuch un(Jcr

offence, to be recovered and applied as other penalties here- ef loe^

in before mentioned are to be levied and applied.

XLVI. And whereas the faid city of Londonderry wants a fupply of fre(h water, as well for the convenience	%

as the health of the inhabitants thereof $ for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven Mayor, &c. hundred and ninety* it (hall and may be lawful to and for	for	wa»

the (aid may or, community, and citizens of Londonderry, tei as herein, being the common council of the faid city, and the perfon &c. and perfons to be by them appointed, from time to time, to enter into the feveral grounds of any perfon or perfon within the liberties of the faid city, houfes, gardens, orchards, and yaids excepted, and to dig, raife, and make one or more re-

fervoir

Inhabitant to

tjzed by

Google

Perfon! damaging watcr-courfcs, or diverting water, fined 10I.

Mayor, be* nay grant Iharet of the profit! to free-tneo of the city.

the thirtidh tear of George tit.

/errtwr or refervoirs thereon, for the holding and containing frefll water, and to dig, cut, and carry any trench or trenches, watcr-courfe or water-courfes from the faid refervoir or refervoirs to any river or rivers adjacent, for the effe&ual conveying water td the (aid refervoir or refervoirs, and alfo from time to time to enter upon the faid grounds to repair the faid refervoir or refervoirs, water-courfe or water-courfes, and alfo to dig and cut through faid lands from the (aid refervoir or refervoirs, and to fix and lay pipes in and through the fame, and in and through all ftreets, lanes, ways, and paf-iagts in the faid city and iuburbs, for conducing and conveying the faid water from the faid refervoir or refervoirs to the feveral parts of the faid city and fuburbs, the faid mayor, community, and citizens' of Londonderry always paying to the respective owners and occupiers of the (aid feveral grounds on which the faid refervoir Or refervoirs, water-courfe or water-courfes (hall be fo made, and in and through which the faid pipes (hall be fo laid and carried as aforefaid, fuch rates or damages in cafe the parties (hail not amicably adjuft the fame, as (hall be adjudged reafonable by a jury of freeholders of the faid city and county, to be im-pannelled at the oext afllzes for the city and county of Londonderry for that purpofe, by the (h'eriffs of the faid city and county, and whofe verdift (hall be taken before the judge or judges of affize for the Card city and county, and fuch jury to be returned by the faid (heriffs, under a warrant to be iflued by the faid judge or judges, provided no perfon (hall be on the faid jury, who (hall be oue of the common council of faid city.

XLVII. And be it further enabled by the authority fiforefaid. That if any perfou (hall break, throw down, or deftroy any trench or trenches, water-courfe or water-courfes fo to be made in purfuance of this ad, or (fyall make any hole of holes through the faid water-courfe or water-courfes or (hall make any new trench or trenches from the (aid water-courfe or water courfcs, or (hall make any new trench or trenches from the faid courfe or courfes, to carty off or divert the water from the Came, c<rery perfon.fo offending (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill before the next going jhdges of aflize for the faid city and county, one moiety thereof to be paid to the treafurer of the work-houfe of the faid city for the life of the faid^ work-houfe, and the other moiety to the perfon who will inform and fue for the fame, -

XLVIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the mayor** community, and citizens of the faid city, under the common feal of the (aid city, to grant any (hare or (hares* divi-l	dend

Digitized by

Google

7*h* thirtieth Tear #/* Gf #>rge I FI.

dend or dividends of the profit! arifing from the faM ref*r-voirs, can ils, trenches water-courfeR, pipes, and w iter, or any of them* to fuch freeman or freemen at large of the laid city, and their executors, adminidrators, and affigu*, and for W*h term for years as the mayor, community, and citizens of the laid city, by th *ir order or orders, fnall appoint inch freeman and freemen to whom fuch fhare or filares, (Jividen 1 or dividends /hall be fo granted, covenanting for him and them, his and their heirs, executors, adminiitrator* and Rt-figus, with the faid mayor, community, and chrzens to pay a proportionable part of the expence attending the making, digging, cutting, repairing, and keeping in order the faid reiervo.irs, canals, trenches, water-courfes and pipes, and that it ihall and may be lawful for the mayor, comnvr.mv, and citizens of the faid city of Londonderry, by ad or aits of council, fiom time to time, to make fuch orders tegu-Utions and by-laws, concerning the making, preferving, repairing or altering the faid refervoirr, canals, trenchc3, water-courfes, water, and pipes, with fuch penalties and' forfeitures, for the breach, of the faid orders, regulations and by-laws, and to be recovered and applied- in fuch manner as to the laid mayor, community, and citizen* (hall feem rca-fonable, and that fuch orders, regulations, and by la\*s fball be of the fame, force, and have the fame elficaey as if' they were herein particularly fet forth and enabled ; and that it fhall and may be lawful for the faid mayor, community, and citizens, to agree with any perion or perfons feizid x>r polfefledof any eltate in fee or in tail* or for life or livt*s renewable for ever, or for any term for years, in the county of Donegal, at certain annual rent or rents, or othcrwile, as lhall be agreed on, to be paid by the faid mayor, community, and citizens, and their fuceeffbrs, to fuch perion or pufons, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminillrator* or aligns* for liberty for ever, or for any number of years which lhall be agreed on, to take up water from any river on the eltate or grounds of fuch pcifon or perfons, and to cat, make and dig canals, trenches, or water-courfe** for con-veving the faid water through the eltate or grounds of any of the faid perfon or perfons, and tliat any of the faid per-fon or peifons, notwithilan ling any difability by coverture, fet dement, entail, or other expediment is and are hereby empowered to grant and demife the aforefaid liberty to the faid mayor, community, and citizens, and their fucceflbrs, provided, that in cafe any of the faid tilates or grounds. Hull be in tenancy for any term of years not exceeding tix-ty, that then and in every fuch cafe the rent fo to be agreed upon by and between the faid mayor, community,, and cith

Vop. ix.	1	zens,.

nuyor, Itc. may nuke orders refnef>ing faid rcicrv*ir».



M

fi.

Ink

m Google

14a	9ke	QM&b	X**t	of	Qtarge	HI.

^ IX	TJMK mi tbft ffud pftffo* or ptribftt lo whom the fed a*

i79°-	freehold of the faid vft^tcs ot grounds (hall refpp&ively fe-

CHap* $U long, (hall belong aqd be paid to the faid rcfpe<£t*c tenant*

4	1	of the faid elUte? or grounds cfe^ng tbe faid iefpe£tive.

terms, in proportion a* the faid Canada, trenches, and tcr-courfea {hall go through tbe fetid tenant! faid bind* XLIX. And be i% coaled by the authority aforefeid. That if aqy e&ioB (hah be brought or but commenced againft any perfon or perfect! for any thing done in purfu-aace this a(k, or ip relation to the piemifics or any of them, fqch action or feit {hall be laid ex brought within fix months next after the fa& done, and fbaft be bid within t^e city of L< n ioiukrry, and not elfewherr, and the defendant or defendants in. fuch a&ioo may plead tbe general ifluc, and give this a& and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be bad thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of. this act, and if the fame (ball appear to have be*n done, ot if fuch action or fui: (ball not be brought within t^he time before broiled, orihali be brought k any otlier city, county, or place than as afore* faid, then the jury (hall 6ad fpr the*defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs lhaU become noa-fuited, or' fuffer a difeoatinunnee of his, her, or their a&ion sr adi-008, or if a verdiA (hall pads ‘agaioft the plaintiff or plain-tiffs, ©r if upon demurrer judgment fkaff be given again# the plaintiff or pfeiotiffs, the feud defendant or defendant^ fhall have treble cpfts, and (hall have fuch remedy for recovering the ftnpe as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts in other cafes by law.

t. And whereas (mcral ladeii Aups cptniog into the &id harbour and river, mayconvenient births ax the (Several to>t«niove(f<?‘ 9uay® ^ kid city frfiere light Asps are made faft, the* laden VelTrls	mailcr6 or other per fens having charge ©f which, may rain the river.	fufe to give W J to fuch ladea (hips to discharge: and

whereas alfo feyeral (hips may happen to moor or he at an- ‘ chor ini the faid river, fe qs to obflrufk the feet navigation therein, be it therefore enafled by tbe authority aferefoid, That from and after the time aforefaid, tbe quay-mailer maf be authorised and required, to* give notice to any fuch (hip or veffcl fo refofing to give place to any laden (hip, or ob-flru&ing the free navigation of lauiriver, to remove to feme other convenient place without delay, and that the maffer or other perfon having ebargeof any fuch (hip or other veflel who fhatt re&dc or negfect fo bo do^ihaU for every feck of-' fence forfeit any fum not exceeding forty (hittkgs ; and that the (wdquay-mafter may be fertSer authorised and required, upon every fuch icfnfel or wegietf, So remove feck (hip or ‘ •

A&iop to be brought within 6 months within the city.

Ouay-m after to give

Digitized by

Google

Fine recovered in a

The thirtieth Year qf George III.

(hips, veils] or veflels, to Tome conyenient birth near the place where fuch (hip or (hips, vefTel or veflels then lay, as they fhall judge mod proper.

LI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That any fuch penalty or penalties (hall and may, upon complaint being made before the mayor of the faid city	Wiy,

of Londonderry, be recovered and levied in a fummary way, v. from the refpe&ive mailers or other perfons having charge of any fhip or (hips, veflel or veflels, offending iu the premises, by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods and ohfct-tlc*3, on condemnation by the oaths of one or more witnefa or witnefles, by warrant under the band and feal of the faid mayor, to be applied to the fame purpofe of the tonnage money herein before mentioned.

LI1. And whereas the improving and cleanfing faid port, harbour, and river of Londonderry, will be of great ufe to all (hips which (hall refort to the faid port, and to all lighters, gabbards, and wherries plying within the fame, and a great and continual expence will be required to accomplifh and carry on the works neceflary for improving and clean- . ling the fame; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the puffing of this a£l, the MWters following rates and duties over and above all fom and fums	P4X

of money now payable, (hall be paid at the faid city of a^ovc £ftolc Londonderry, to fuch perfbn or perfans as the mayor, com- now payable nnim’ty, and citizens of the faid city of Londonderry (halt appoint to receive the fame, by the mailer or owner of every fhip or veflel coming into the port and harbour of Londonderry, that is to fay, for every foreign (hip or vcffeU or fuch aa (hall not belong to any of his Majefty’s fuhjefla in Great Britain or Ireland, or to the plantations, thofe belonging to his mofl chrillian Majefty excepted, the fum of fix pence for every ton of the burthen of fuch (hip or veflel, and for every (hip or veflel which (hall belong to any of his.

Majefty’s fubje&s in Great Britain ov Ireland, or his Ma-jedy's plantations, his Majefty’s (hips and veflels, thofe of the revenue, as alfo thofe laden with coals only, and coafters excerpted, the fum of three pence for every ton of the burthen of fuch fhip or veflel on. every voyage fuch (hip or vef-fel fhall make to the faid harbour of Londonderry, and for every (hip or veffel arriving in the faid harbour laden with, coals, and every coafter, that is to. fay, every fliip or veflcl coming and trading from any port of Ireland to London?-derry, the fum of two pence, for every ton of the burthen of fuch fhip or veflels, arriving in ballaft excepted ; the faid fevcral and refpeftive rates or duties to be paid on every voyage that any fuch fhip or veflel as aforefaid fhall make to the harbour of Lendonderry, which tannage (hall be com-I 2	putedii

t

Digitized

dVGoogle

*3*

A. D.

»790-Chap. 31.

Qn»y-tnmfteri di {charge pro*

' jVfon^y hy this m be employed in improving the river, &c.

A public a&.

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

puted by outward gauging of the faid fhips ov vcffels rtfpecT tively, and not otherwife, and the quay-mailer {or the tore being, and all and every other officer and officers tor tint purpofe to be appointed, is and are hereby empowered to make fuch outward gauge for every Inch (hip or veffd as (hall come into or go out of the faid hatbonr, from time to time, as they fhall have occafion,

LIII. And to the end that the faid refpe&rve dutiesdne and payable as aforefaid, may be more effectually paid an.d levied; be it further enatttd by the authority aforefaid, That it Ihall not be lawful to and for the officers of 'his Ma-jelly’s cuftom houfe in faid city, to clear and difeharge any (hip or (hips outward bound, or to permit any flripor (hips outward bound to fail, ’till the commander or mailer thereof (hall have brought a difeharge from the quay-mailer of the faid city, or other perfon appointed as aforefaid, teftifyinj fucli (hip or (hips to have paid their faid tonnage money, which difeharge (hall be immediately granted without fee or reward, fraud, or delay, and in ^afe of rcfufalor delay, that then the quay-maftcr, or other perfon employed bar that purpofe, fo refufmg or delaying, (hall forfeit forty (hillings for every fuch refufal or delay, to the mailer of fuch (hip, to bc'recovered in a fummary way, before the mayor of the faid city for the time being, and to be leviccf by dillrefs, on a warrant of the faid may dr, and by fale of the goods and chatties of fuch quay mailer, or other perTon fo offend* ing.

LTV- / rc! be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That all and every the fum and fums of money arifing, grow'ng due, or levied from time to time, by force and virtue of tbis ?/l, incidental charges, falariesj and neceffary expences in collecting and levying the fame, being liril paid and deduced, f jail from fjme to timt;, be employed in pre-ferving and, improving the river and harbour and quays of the faid city.

LV. And be It further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That this a£l (hail be deemed a publick act, and Hull be taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, and other perfoas whatfoever, witliout fpecially pleading the fame.

9 H A P.

w

Google -j

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

*33

CHAP. XXXlI.

A. D. 1790.

AS2 for rendering the Tranfportation cf Felons and Vagabonds mote caf.

\ JT 7 HEREAS wider the laws now of force for the Preamble.

vv tranfportation of felons and vagabonds under fentence* ride, or order of tranfportation, difficulties have occurred ; in order therefore to tender the tranfportation of fuch felons and vagabonds more eafy and effectual, be it cnafted by the King's moil excellent Majetly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpintual and temporal, and commons In this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame* That it (hall and mayd)e lawful Felons to be for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or gover- tranfported as riors of this kingdom for the time being, to caufe all fc- herein.

Ions and vagabonds who now art, or (hall be under any fen-tence, rule, or order of tranfportation, to be tranfported and conveyed to fuch p art or parts beyond the feas, and in fiich manner as the lord lieutenant cJr other chief governor or governors for the time being, lhall think proper, any law or laws to the contrary thereof riotwithllaading.

II.	And be it further enafted, That all fuch expences	Expence* to

as the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors be defrayed by' as aforefaid, (hall judge to be ntctlTary in providing for the wammt« tranfportation of fuch felons and vagabonds, in purfuance of th is aft, and for the conveying of them to fuch part or parts as fhall be appointed, and all other necefljry expences incident thereto, (hall be defrayed by warrant of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the time being, to the proper officers of his Majclly’s treafury In this kingdom for the payment thereof.

front ole the Purfofes and extend the Benefit of the fame.

HE REAS certain perpetual duties have been Preamble.

CHAP. XXXVI.

• ^

An Aft for enabling Tfujlees of Charitable FuumLitiorts to

heretofore granted and appropriated by parliament for the better fupport and maintenance cf charities and charitable foundations, and truftees haye been incorporated

for



A. V.

»7$*-

Chap. 36.

The tMrtklh Te4r of Gedrge 111.

for the government and advancement of fuch charities and charitable foundations, and on the credit of fuch duties money hath been borrowed.at intereft by fuch trullees, in order to enable them to extend fuch chanties : and whereas it may tend to the advancement and further extenfion of fuch charities if the truftees thereof were empowered to raife, in manner and at the rate of intereft in this a& men-

tioned, money fufficient to pay off fuch fums as have been

borrowed on the credit of the faid funds, and to enable

them to extend fuch charities ; be it therefore ena&ed by

the king’s meft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice

ind content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com*

toons in this prtfent parliament affembled, and by the autbo-

Truftecs of *^7 fhe famc> That it fliall and may he lawful for the

any charity truftces of any cliarity or char itable foundation, being a body

being a body corpora^ and actually fei/.ed, poffeffed of, or by law entitled

r!u^h?tln\rwuy a,,y	duties	as aforefaid, and their fucceflors, on the

Jum or as credit of which any fum not lefs than five thoufand pounds

herein.	hath	been	borrowed at intereft, to raife and borrow by loan,

on debentures, any fum or fums of money whatfqcvcr,. at

any rate of intereft not exceeding the rate of four pounds

per centum per annum ; provided that no fum to be hor*

rc>wed by any fuch corporation be greater than a fum, the

intereft of which at the rate, aforefaid (hall not exceed th*

r et amount or produce of fuch duties, exclufivc of anyothef

revenue certain or cafual.

febenturc*	IT. And be it enacted, That any fuch corporation as

un-isr {> .it of	aforefaid (hall, for fuch fum or fums as (hall be fo bofrow-

ior nr;«tmn ro %•*	<•	r	.	,	-

be -riv'.ij to per- g'vc the ptrfon or perfons paying or lerlding the fame,

f i,r kn«hrg	one or more debenture or debentures under the common

»*.oary, &c.	feal cf fuch corporation, in fitch form of words as (hall be

thought proper, acknowledging the receipt of fuch fum or

fums, and entitling the peifon or perfons lending the fame,

hrs, her, or their executors, adminiftratorS, or a&gbs, to

f-ich intereft as aforefaid, to be paid by half-yearly pay-

mentp, on every twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty*

fifth day of December, without any fee or charge, until

fuch time is they (hall be rcfpecfively paid their principal

money in one entire payment, and fuch debentures, (hall be

numbered in arithmetical progreflion.

>nrw«aTut III. And be it em&ed, That every fuch corporation

*11 (hall well and truly pay, or caufe to be paid to the perfotr

or Ptr^l,s tending fuch fum or fums, his, her, or their ct-

iVto	oculars,	admiiriftrators, or aligns* fuch intereft ttt afore*

if iittcirft, &c. faid, according to the tenor of fuch debentures 5 and that

ajl lV.ch rates and duties, and all real, freehold, and pcifonad

eft ate of which luch corpoiation is or (hall be feiacd, pof*

tefled

3

If in default

in* thirtieth Tear of Getfrg% lit.

Seffed of, or entitled to, fhall be* and the fame ate hereby made fubje& ami liable to tlie payment of fuch intereft until the principal money (hall be paid as aforefaid, excepting all eftates, grants, or donations which have heretofore been, or fhall hereafter he giv« to fuch corporations by any private perfon or perfousi and which are or fhall be regiftered within twelve months after the feme fhall be given $a the public office for regfftering deeds ill this kingdom.

IV. And be it crtA&ed, That in cafe default fhall be made by anyfuth corporation in payment of the intereft to	corporatiou,

btcotne due on any debenture to be iifued in pmfuance of	dpe***

this a&, at any time after one years intereft fhall be due, treafurer (hall the treafurer of futh corporation fhall, from time to time, give to holder a as often as it fhaH happen, on demand of the holder bf any j^^*1** a* fuch debenture, at any time after ten days from the time , fuch years intereft (hall be due, give to the perfon holding br producing the fame a certificate under his hand, fpecify-ing the amount of the intereft due and unpaid on every fuch debenture; and if any fuch treAfurer fhall not on fuch dk-,mand give fuch certificate to the perfon requiring the fame, he fhall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of two huti-,J-~-1 pounds, to be recovered by action inf debt, biH,

“	_*•	^	•	r	x	a*	•	n	9

tired

plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of Vccord at Dublin, by any perfon who fhall fuc for the fartie; with full cofls of fuit, in which no privilege, prote<ftidn, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed* and fuch treafurer fhall for ever after be incapable of holding or enjoying the place of treafurer to fuch or any other corporation.

V. And be it enabled, That the vice-treafurer or vice- Vice-Tr«a-treafurert, receiver, dr paymaft’er-general of this kingdom, hirer, when his or their deputy or deputies, fo often as any debenture, and'certifka^e6 the intereft due cm which (ball be lb unpaid, together pro^nce^ tQe with fuch certificate as aforefaid, fhall be produced to him pay fuch in-or them, fhall, out of any monies In his or their hands, tereft, &c. a4 fubjetft td the payment of the intereft of principal futns herein, due by debentures or treafnry bills ifTued by the officers of bis Majc’fty'a treafury* On demand of the perfotl producing	*

any fuch debenture and certificate as aforefaid; #ell and truly piy to every fuch perfon the intereft fo certified to be due on every fiich debenture, and he or they fhall be allowed on his Or their accounts fo much. -	,

VI.	And be it enacted, That his Majefty, his heirs ahd His Majcfly, focceftbts, fhall be reprised, and fhall recover and receive to recover oot of the funds ariiing, or any real Freehold or perfonal *5 hcrwn‘ trtate belonging to any fuch corporation, fo much money ns fhall be fo paid by the vice-trttfttrer dr vict-trcafurers, of;

other

^Google

l$6

The thirtieth Tear of GcMgt III.

A. D.

1700.

ttd money to

be borrowed, except m herein.

AH fum» borrowed tr> rje ap-fUed, as herein.

other officers of his Majcfty’s treafuty, in difeharge of ady intereft to grow dtle on any fuch debentures, excepting fuch rftates, grants, or donations, as hate heretofore been, or lhall hereafter he giten to fuch corporations by any pn-m*te perfori or perfons, and which aie or (hall he regittered V <thin twelve months after the fame were giten in the public office for rcgitlering deeds in this kingdom, and from thenceforth fo much of the funds of fuch corporation, not arifmg out of fuch eflatea, grants, or donations as afore-fcid, as (hall he equal to an intereft at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for fuch principal hurts on which any intereft (hall at any time or times have been fo paid by the faid officers of the treafury, (hall hand veiled in his Majefly, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and (hall be'paid into his Majcftv’s treafury* as a fund for the difeharge of the future intereft of fuch principal firms on which any intereft (hall have been fo paid by^ fuch officers of the treafury.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That no money (hall be borrowed in porfuance of this a6t hy any corporation, not fubjeft to the payment of an higher rate of intereft than four per centum, for money now unpaid which had Ken borrowed on the duties granted to fneb corporation.

VIII.	And be it enabled. That all fuch fum or Aims as ft all be borrowed in purfuance of this ad, (hall in the firft place be applied towards the difeharge of fuch ftetr-rity or fccorities as have been given for the monies now due, before the fame (hall be applicable to any other pur-pofe whatever.

CHAP. XXXVII.

An An to explain and amend an An pdfed in the TWwfjr-nun is I'ear of the Reign of His prefat Majefly, Entitled, j)n . d for the Rromuti«ii uhd Liuouragtmcnt of IniarJ

NarigiKion.

Wr K EH HAS by an ad p?ffed in the twenty-ninth yeaT of the reign of his pi dent Majelly, entitled, An A& for the prcn&iUn and encouragement oj ituumi ncvigfr fieri, certain benefits, powers, privileges, and advantages arc vetted hi certain bodies corporate therein mentioned, who v.ere fuch at tire time of palling the faid adl, audit u jolt «uu c^oAuftbic that iocb oa uddoriLw* and undertakers

Every fub-fcri ber or un-

The tbiritdh Tear of George III.

takers in the faid ad mentioned, as were ndt at the time of patting the faid ad bodies corporate, but have been fince incorporated, or (hall be incorporated within a teafonfeble time, (hall be entitled to, and have and receive the like benefits as bodies corporate, who were fuch at the time of patting the faid recited ad t be it therefore enaded by the King's moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and Confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prcfent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and evefy fubfcriber or fubfcribers, and undertaker or undertakers for carrying on and completing dVitaker^todr* the feveral and refpedive navigations and works in the polite i-ioih of faid ad mentioned, purfuant to their refpedive petitions to iublcript.oo, the houfe of commons in the faid aft mentioned, who have 48 ^crtl“* been incorporated fince the palling of the faid recited ad ; and alfo all and every fuch fubfcriber or fubfcribers, and undertaker or undertakers, who lhail be incorporated on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand fcven hundred and ninety, be, and are hereby invefttd with, and (hall hold and enjoy all and every the like benefits, -powers, privileges, advantages, and authorities in all things as aTe by the faid ad granted to or refted in bodies corporate, who were fuch at the time of palling the faid recited a£f, provided the faid fubfcribers and undertakers, who have been or lhail be fo incorporated, do depofite with the governor and company of the bank of Ireland (who are hereby required to receive the fame) onc-tenth part of their refpedive fubferiptions, or government fecurities for fuch tenth pert, within eighteen months, to be computed from the twenty-fourtu day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, in manner as direded by the faid recited ad with refped to bodies corporate, who were fuch at the time of palling the lame.

II.	Provided always, That nothing in this ad contained (hall be conftrued to extend to exempt any fubfcribers and **c- not exempt nndeitakers, who have been or lhail be fo incorporated, ©^^ndir^uns1^ from the obfervance of any conditions, rules, or diredions as herein.

In the faid ad preferibed, with refped to any fubfcribers and undertakers who were incorporated at the time of pacing the faid ad, in order to entitle them to receive fuch debentures as arc by the faid ad to be given to fuch fubfcribers suid undertakers, fave only as to the advantage by this ad given, with reaped to making depofits in the bank o Ireland of one-tenth part of their refpedive fubferiptions or government fecurities.

III.	And be it cnaded, That any fubfcribers and undertakers, who are or Hull be incorporated by virtue of this

ad,

Subfcriber*,

Digitized by

Google

u*

A. 0.

IT 1 f If. .hi

MOICflDCHy

ire. incorporated, to be allowed by com. of impreft accounts, is part of cxpcndxtuic, Ac.

Mo etOhm&rf of Dsdeitfeleni, dec. (halt betid cabbint, dee. fere as herein.

Nuifances pre-Crated as herein.

ftedial as O. a.

Tfc thirtidh four of Geoigt iti.

mGtf #r of the find ad palled in the twenty-muth year rf his Majefty’s reign, (hall be allowed by the conrniiftonerd «f hnprek accounts as part of the expenditure, which ia to entitle fuck fubfertbers and undertakers to the deben^ turn authorised by the (aid ad, to be iflued upon tht terms therein mentioned, the expencet of procuring and palling this and the fard ad, And of any other ad relating to any other navigation or canals in which fuch fubfenbersand Undertakers refpediyely are or may be concerned or intereft-fed, and Alfo of their refpedivfe charter! of incorporation | lay few to the contrary notwitkltanding.

IV.	Be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That nO company of nndertakers of canals, or any other perfofl ot perrons, (hall be empowered to build any cabbine or hotifet on trackways, poreftafed or procured for the pUrpofe of canal or trackway, fa we only neceflary k>ck-houfes+ market* houfes, and fiore-houfes; and that if any bdilding fhaH here* after be ereded, except a! aforeiaid, faid building or buddings (hall be pulled down as miifances and encroach men ti topon turnpike roads.

V* And be it further enaded, That When any buikiiogd allowed as a fore faid to be ereded (hall ceafe to be applied td the ufes and ptrcpofe* aforefekl, that then, and in that cafe* they may be piefented as nuifances, provided the fame be nearer than twenty-eight yards of the centre of the ttecfc way of the faid canals.

CH A#. XXXVIIL

An AS to repeal oh AS puffed in the Twenty-fifth Tedr Of the Reign of Hu IdPr Majefly King George the Second, Entitled, An AS for repairing the Road leading from the Town Of Clomrtell in the County «f Tipperary; through the Towns of Feta hard and KUknati in the fend County, tv the Town of Htsrlskgford id the County of Kilkenny.	%	,

^tXTHERfiAiS du prffed m the twenty4ifth fast W of the reign of his late Mojefty king George tYkd fooond, entitled. An aSlfrr repo (ring the rood kadihg from She toUon of Clotmeil in the touUN of Tipperary> through the towns of Feathard and KilknaU in the JdiJ county*, td the town of Hurlingfrrd in the somty <f Kilkenny, ha! been' found mfufHcient for keeping the laid road in repair; her it therefore cnadwd by 9he King’s fnoft exorflem Mejefrv,

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

aiuJ with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual wnd temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, the faid ad be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made null and void to all intents and purpofes.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained,	^

fliall in any wife prevent the operation of the faid ad, until	^

the firft of February, which will be in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, but the fame (hall continue in force until the faid firft of February, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, and no longer.

CHAP. XXXlX.

From i Feb.

A3 for the Improvement of the Port and Harbour of Drogheda, and the better Regulation of the Police of faid Town,

XX7HEREAS the inprovement of the port, harbour. Amended 3* ’ * and river of Drogheda, will contribute to the ad- G* 3 c- 5$. Vancement of the tradt of faid town, and be of great ufe to all (hips which (hall refort to the faid port, and a great and continual expence will be incurred to accomplifh and carry on the works neceflary for improving and cleanfing the fame ; be it therefore enacted by the King's moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year of our lord one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, for dutwwhorein and during the term of twelve years from thence next en- be paid, fuing, the following rates and duties (hall be paid by the mafter or owner of every (hip and veflel entering the port of Drogheda, that is to fay, for every (hip or veflel entering the faid port, the fum of fix pence for every ton of the burthen of fuch (hip or veflel, except the (hips and vef-fcls belonging to his Majefty, and thofe of the revenue, and all coafters or coafting veflels, and alfo all (hips and veflels belonging to the fubje&s of his moft chriftian Majefty, which (hall enter or arrive in the faid port, and for every coafter or Ihip, or veflel entering the faid port, from any other part *n this kingdom, the fum of three pence for every ton of the burthen of fuch coafter or veflel.

II. Provided

14°

A. D.

1790.

( Chap. 39.

Not to extend to vcffeU with ballaft.

Duties to be paid to port cvl-le&or, &c.

Application of duties.

Tonnage of relfels to be afcertaincd as herein.

Tofiage com* puted by out* ward gauging.

Veffcls not to fail until duties paid.

The thirtieth Tear of George 111.

II.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft (hall extend, or be conflrued to extend to impofe any duty on any (hip or vefTel entering the faid port with ballall only.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-faid, That the faid rates and duties fhall be paid to the colleftor of his Majelty’s revenue for the time being, in tlie port of Drogheda, who is hereby authorised and required to demand, take, and receive the fame, and is hereby authorized and empowered to deduct, and detain as a com-penfation for his trouble in receiving the firr.e, any furn or films of money not exceeding fix pence for every pound fterling, which fhall be fn received.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That the faid rates and duties when received, fhall be paid under the regulations and conditions herein after mentioned by the faid colle&or to the cominiffioners w ho fhall be appointed and chofen from time to time purfuant to this aft for carrying the fame into execution, to be applied by them after defraying the expence of obtaining this aft, and paying the falaries of officers in improving and cleanfin£ the river and harbpur of the faid town from the bridge of the faid town to the fea, and rendering the fame fafe and convenient for the fhips and veflels reforting thereto, and io ptefervirig and maintaining any works which now are, or may be hereafter ereeled for any of the above purpofes, aod to no other ufe or purpofe whatfoever.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority a fore faicf. That the tonage of all (hips or veflel belonging to Britilh fnbjeds which fhall be liable to the payment of the afoTC-faid rates and duties, (hail be taken and ascertained by the number of tons which are Hated and fet forth in the certifw Cate of the regiflry of luch fhip or vcffcl, purfuant to an a (ft of the twenty-Jevmth of hi** prefent Majcfty, to be the burthen of fuch ffiip or vtfkl.

VI.	And be it further tnafted by the authority aforc-faid, That the tonage of ail foreign fhips and vefTcls liable by this aft to the payment of the aforefaid rates and duties, fhall be computed by the outward gauging of the faid fhips and vtffels refpeftively, and not ovherWifc, and tlie perlon or perfons frr that purpofe to be appointed by the commif-fioners, nominated and chofen under the authority of this aft, are hereby empowered to make fuch outward gauge of e^ery fuch foreign fhip or vcffcl as fhall enter the port or harbour of faid town, from time to time, as they fhall fee occafion.

VIAnd to the end that the faid rates and duties may be cffeftiially levied ai d paV ; be it further ennfted by the authority afore laid, That it fhall not be lawful for the

4.	officers

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

officers of In’s Majely's cudom houfe in the port of TDiogV.etJa to clear out or difeharge any {hip or (hips, vtfTel or vefiela, outward bound, or to perhiit any ihip or fhips, vefiel or veiTels, outward bound, to fail, until the mailer or owner thereof {hall h^ve paid and cleared to the colleftor all filch rates and duties as are payable by virtue of this aft for fuch fhfp or fliips, vefTel or veflels.

VIII. .And in order to put this aft more effeftually and immediately into execution ; be it further enabled by the ^^fiid^duties authority aforefafd, That the commiflioners to be chofen and appointed from time to time to carry this aft into execution, or any nine or more of them, are hereby empowered from time to time, and at all times, as to them {hall feem convenient, by writing under their rcfpe6tive hands, and their common Aral, to afljgn over the faid rates and cfut’cs, or any part or parts thereof impofed and made payable by virtue of this act, for any tirpe or times during the continuance of this aft, as a fequrity for any fum or fums of money by them to be borrowed, not exceeding in the whole the fum of fifteen hundred pounds to fuch perfon or perfons, or their truftees, who {lull advance and lend the fume, in order to fecure the re-payment thereof, with lawful interefl, or lefs if the fame can be had, which laid money fo to t>e borrowed, fhall be applied and difpofed of as the faid rates and duties are direfted by this aft to be applied and difpofed of, and to no other purpofe whatsoever.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Commiflioners faid, That the mayor and recorder of Drogheda, the re- I°r purpofes prefentatives in parliament for the time being for the faid hcrcin> &c town, alfo the reprefentatives in parliament (or the time being for the counties of Meath and Louth, and fix aider-men, and feven members of the common council of tb~

Corporation of faid town, {hall be, and they are hereby appointed commiflioners for improving and cieanfing the river and harbour of faid town, from the bridge of faid town to the fea, for preferring and maintaining all works which aie or may be erefted for the improvement of faid harbour or river in proper and conftant repair, and for putting in execution all other powers in and by this aft given and printed, and all and every the powers, authorities direftions, matters, and things by this aft given to or direfted to be done and executed by or before the faid commiffi >ners, Hull and may be exercifed, had, and done by or before any feven or more of them, except where fome other number is appointed by this aft; and all fuch afts, matters, and things (bill be of as full force arid eifeft as if done and executed by or before all the faid commiflioners.

X. And,

141

-A. D.

1790. Chap. 39.

Commiflioners



k

Digitized by

6 ahNriran

and 7 titnunon touncii nun, to he emnmtlLcn-ers, &c.

When any of faid aldermen or common council men (ha!) die or refign, &c. ma)-or, 6rc to eleft another, as herein.

The thirtieth Tear of George 111.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That within one calendar month aftci the palling of this aft, the mayor, fherifFs, burgefles, and commons of laid town, (hall cleft and appoint nx aldermen, and feven members of the common council of the corporation of the faid town, to be, together with the mayor and recorder, and the reprefentativfcs in parliament for the faid town for the time being, and alfo the reprefentatives in parliament for the time being for the counties of Meath and Louth, commilfioners for tarrying into execution the.faid aft, and all the powers given and granted by the fame ; which faid twenty-one per* ions (hall be veiled with all the aforefaid powers, as fully and efFeftually as if their names were herein fpecially fet forth and inferted.

XI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore* feid, That w'hen and as often as any of the laid fix alder* men, or feven members of the common council, fhall happen to die, or refign, or refufe or neglcft: to sift and attend the meetings of faid commilfioners for the (pace of fix months at any one time, or become a representative of (aid town, or be elefted treafurer under and by virtue of the powers given by this aft, then, and in fuch cafe, the mayor, fhciiffh, burgefles, and commons of faid town, (Hall* within twenty-one days from the time fuch vacancy frail happen, eleft and appoint an alderman, or member of the common council, as the cafe fhall require, in the room of fuch alderman, or member of the common council, who (hall fo happen to die, or refign, or refufe or neglcft to a ft and attend the meetings of the commiflioners, or (hall have become a reprefentative, or be eleft ed treafurer.

XII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That it fhall not be lawful for the faid mayor, fiberifis* btirgeffes, and commons, to proceed to the eltftion and appointment of any perfon as a commiffipner to cany into execution this, act, unlefs a notice in writing of the time and place of meeting foi the purpofe of fuch eleftion,. figned by the treafurer appointed by the comrr.iffioners, fhall be affixed on. the tholfel of faid town, at leaft leven days before fuch cleft Jon*.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,. That no perfon fhall be capable of afting as a com-miffioncr in the execution of this aft, unlefs he (hall take and fubferibe the following oath or affirmation, which the mayor of Drogheda for the time being is hereby, empowered to adminiiler-

CrymmiftcEcr’s / A. B. do folejnlyfromife and fwear, that I •wit!faith* oath.	fv.ly	and itiipdrudHy, ' according to the befi of my Jkill and

*	knoyukd^o

Not ic prev coed to ue&ion, except aMuTt iu.

7hi thirtieth Year of George HI.

knowledge, execute fife feveral pyiuert and trujls committed to i»f, in and by an a t of parliament nozv in force in this king-dom> entitled, An a6t fot improving the port and harbour of Drogheda, and the hotter regulation of the police of faid to\yn, without favour or ajfetlion, prejudice or malice•

Jq bdp toe G°d»

XIV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid* That the town pkrk of the laid town of Drogheda (hall, and he U hereby authorized and empowered to adminilter the above oath to the prefcnt mayor, aud all fuecceding chief njagi-ttrates of faid town.

XV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforc-fa’d, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commifiioners, from time to time, when and as often as they (hall think neccfiary and expedient, by fiunmocs, figned by their treatyrer, to be left at the ufual place of abode of each and every of the faid commifiioners, to convene meetings, to be held at the tholfel of the faid town; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid coitv-mi(Tioners at fueh refpe&ive meetings, and there ooly, to give and Cgn orders on the treafurcr for the payment of aij (ui.)3 of money which they (hall find and judge neceffary for farrying this adt into execution, by which orders only tf\£ treasurer fliall he authorized and empowered to pay any fum or fums of money whatfoever, and to ele& a fit and proper pei fon to a£i as treafurer to the laid commifiioners, and another perfon to gauge and afeertam the tonage of all foreign (hips and vdGEels liable to the payment of the rate* and duties imputed by this aft, and to eltahlilh a falary or allowance to be paid to the faid lad mentioned perfons, not exceeding ten pounds per ayrim ; and alfo it (ball and may be lawful to and for the (aid commifiioners, from time to time, when it (ball appear to them that either or both of the faid perfous (frail have been guilty of any neglect or mif-coodudt, to remove either or both of them, and to appoint others in the room and dead of fueh as (hall be fo removed, or (hall decline to act, or die.

XVI.	And to the end that all and every the fum and

fums of money which (hail arife, grow due, and he levied, from time to time, by force and virtue of thi« aft, or may be borrowed purfuant thereto, may be properly and effectually applied to the purpofes of tins act ; be it ena6bed by the authority aforefaid, That the commifiioners appointed by this a£t (hall once iu every yeBr, lay before the coramif-fioaers of impreft account a true and perfeft account of all sod every fum and fum8 of money which (hall be received, levied, and borrowed as aforefaid, within the year ivpmcdi-1 'y*'	atelr

1790.

Chap* 39.

Tow* clerk

to adrmoifter laid oath.

Meeting* of commifliontr* to be convened by fumxnons, and held at the tholiel, 6cm.

Commiflion-ers by this aft, once a year to lay before com-miCi oners of imprelt accounts, an account of all fums received,

&C£.

f

How commif-fioners ar«* to apply nytacy cou^dej.

Penalty on commiflioners if money collided is not applied for the purpofes herein.

the thirtieth Tear of George III.

ately preceding the furnifhing of fUch account, and alfo how, and in what particular manner the fame (bail have been applied, which account fo fornilhed (Hall b< figned by at lead feven of the faid commiflioners and the treafurer,

XVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, that the faid commiflioners (hall after the expiration of one year, to be computed from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thonfand feven hundred and ninety, annually lodge and depofite with the colleftor of the port of Drogheda, a certificate figned by the commiflioners of inv preft accounts, which certificate the faid lall mentioned commiflioners are hereby authorized and required to grant, without fee or reward, ftating, that the faid eommiffionen to be appointed by virtue of this aft have, truly and juttly accounted in the manner above mentioned, for all and every fum or Aims of money received, levied, or borrowed purfu-ant to this aft, withfn the year immediately preceding the fiimilhing of fuch accounts as are above direfted and reef fired ; and in cafe that eight months (hall elapfe after the expiiation of the faid firll year, or any fubfequent year during the continuance of this aid, without fuch certificate being lodged and difpofed with the faid colleftor, it (hall not be lawful for the faid collector to pay to the faid Commiflioners appointed by this aft any fum or firms received by virtue of this aft, but he is hereby required and direfted to keep and retain all fuch films of money fo received, until the certificate required by thia a ft (hall be lodged and depofited with him by the faid commiflioners, faveand except fuch fum or films of money as may from time to time be neceflary to pay the inteaeft of any money borrowed purfuant to this aft.

XVIII.	And be it farther enafted by the authority afore-laid, 'fhat in cafe any of the faid commiflioners (hall fign any order to the treafurer to pay any fum or fums of the money fo raifed and levied as aforefaid, to be applied to any other purpofe but to the improvement, and cleaniing the river and f^rbour of faid town, and prefacing and maintaining the works that now are, or which may be hereafter crefted for faid purpofes, and for defraying the expences of obtaining this aft, and for the necefTary fahries of officers, each and every commifiioner, who (hall fign fuch order, (hall forfeit the fum contained in, or m?tde payable by fuch order, to fuch perfon or perfons who (hall; fue for the fame, in any of his Majefly Vconrts of record in Dublin, at any time or times within five years after the date of fuoh order, wherein no efloign, protection, or wager of law, (hail be. allowed, and only one imparlance*

xix.

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

XIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That the faid commiffioners fhall caufe books to be provided and kept, and fhall, cither by themfelves or their treafurer, caufe fair and regular entries to be made in fuch books of the feveral meetings, and names of the commifiion-ers attending fuch meetings, and of the nominations of all officers, and of all afts, orders, and proceedings relative to the execution of this aft, and of all orders for the payment or expenditure of all fum or fums or money railed and levied by virtue of this aft, and the cemmiffioners prefent and concurring in fuch orders and proceedings, together with their treafurer, fhall fubferibe their nanus at the end of the proceedings of every fuch meeting, and all entries of fuch books, being figned as aforefaid, fhall be deemed originals, and fhall be admitted to be read in evidence in all caufe:;, fuits, arid actions, touching any thing to be done in pu,Nuance and by vi «ue of this act, and fuch bo:*ks fhall be, as well as the cafh accounts of the receipts and payments by the treafurer, kept by the treafurer to the faid commiffioners, and fhall at every fuch meeting, and all other reafor.a-ble times, be open to the infpeftion of the faid commiffiqners, of all perfons any wife aflfeftcd by this aft, and to a general aflembly, or to a committee of a genet al affcmbly of the corporation of faid town.

XX.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall not be lawful for any perfon appointed treafurer to aft as a commiffioner for carrying the purpo-fes of this aft into execution, but from the time that any commiffioner fhall be appointed treafurer he fhall ceafe to aft, or to exercife any power or authority as a commiffioner under this aft.

XXI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That from and after the patting of this aft, it lhall not be lawful to demand or levy any of the rates or duties for the purpofe of improving or clean ling the harbour of faid town, fave and except the duties granted by this aft, to the payment of which fhips or vefTels entering the port of faid town are liable, by virtue of an aft patted in the third year of the reign of his late Majelly George the fecond, entitled. An act for cleanjing the ports, harbours, and rivers of the city of Cork, and the to‘Urns of Galway, Sligo, Drogheda, and Belfifl, andfor erecting a ballaj}-office in toe faid t it , and each of the faid to wns.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That this aft, as far as relates to the levying and collefting the aforefaid duties of tonage on fhips, fhall be in force twelve years, from the twenty-fifth day of March next, and no longer.

Vol. IX.	K	XXIII. Whereas

Trenfurer not to a.*} coiu-nuiiioutr.

No duties for improving the harbour, to he demanded, except as herein.

Thin act to be in foicc 12 yt vs fr m 2;

171,0.

J46

A. D.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

I79°* Chap. 39.

Mayor** authority a» hcicin.

Pom^S Trent

XX111.	Whereas the court of conference, held before the mayor of the town, and county of the town of Drogheda, for determining caufes in all fmall debts between party and party, under the value of ten (hillings, has been of great ufe, and will be of ftill greater advantage to the inhabitants, if the jurifdi&ion of faid court he extended to the determination of caufes in all fmall debts between party and party, under the value of twenty-three (hillings ; be k therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the mayor of faid town, and county of the town of Drogheda, (hall for ever hereafter have full power and authority to hear and finally deteimine caufes in all fmall debts between party and party, under the value of twenty-three (hillings ; and (hall forever hereafter have and exercife all the powers, authorities, and jurifdittious, which the mayor of faid town, and county of the town, hath heretofore had and exercifed in the faid court of confidence.

XXIV.	Arid be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-for bread utfici-* faid. That every perfon who (hall felL, or expofe to falc, cut ni weight, within faid town of Drogheda, and the liberties thereof,

any bread deficient in weight, according to the aflize of bread preferibed by an act pafied in this kingdom, in the firft year of his late Majefty king George the fecond, entitled, An AS, for regulating the price and ajft%e of bread and the mar-istj, (hall, uj>on conviction thereof, according to the methods preferibed by faid act, be punifhed in iuch manner, and unden fuch penalties, regulations, and allowances, as are fet forth in faid act, in cafes where bread is deficient in weight.

XXV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That every common baker who (hall make or bake (or falc, or any way expofe to fale, any fort of bread whatfo-tver within taui town, or the iibeities thereof, (hall, from and after tile twenty fifth day ot Mai eh next enfuing, fairly imprint or mark, or eaule to be iaiiiy imprinted or marked, on evtiy I: iff.) Ly him or her mr.de and expofed to fair, the fort and price of (uch loaf, or any other mark which (hall be appointed by the mayor of faid town for the time being, by otd-r in writing under his hand, and that the faid mayor of faid town for the time being (hail have full power and authority, from time to time, by like Older in writing, to limit, appoint, and direct how and in what manner each fort of bread (hall be marked, for knowing the baker, maker, price, and fort thereof, aadto make and fet down any other leaionable rules and orders for the better regulatjpg the myitery of making bread, and the feveral lorU thereof that (hall he baked by the refpective bakers within the liberties of faid town, and county of the town uf Drubbed:*.

XXVI.	And

F-om ?$ March, ■ 7CO, eve ry hAKL'f 10 have marked on loaf, the i<»rt and pticc, See.

Digitized by

Google

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

XXVI.	And be it farther enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the mayor of faid town, at all times hereafter, from the twenty-fifth day of March next enfuing, in the day time, to enter into any houfe, (hop, flail, bake-houfe, ware-houfe or out- Authority of houfe, of or belonging to any baker or feller of bread with- Pia)?or> *s hcrc“ in faid town, or the liberties thereof, there to fearch for, *

view, weigh, or try all or any the bread of fuch perfons, or which (hall be there found; and if any bread fhall be if wanting in there found wanting either in the goodnefs of the fluff quality, work-whereof the fame fhall be made, or be deficient in the due ing, or weight, baking or working thereof, or fhall be wanting in the due ^c* weight, or fhalL not be truly marked according to the regulations made in purfuance of this act, or fhall be of any other lort than fhall be allowed by virtue of this a&, or by regulations made in purfuance thereof, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the faid mayor is hereby authorized and required to take and feize the faid bread fo found, and to he fd2ed and caufe the fame to be forthwith given and diflributed to the diftnbuted to poor of the parifh where fuch feizure fhall be made, or to 1tovi the prifoners in the gaols, at his diferttion ; and if any fo^crs*.< r C° baker, or feller of bread, or other perfon or perfons, fhall not permit or fnffer fearch or feizure to be made, or fhall oppofe, hinder, or refill the fame, he fhe, or they fo offend or; ^h.aH notper-ing, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fuin of forty (hillings to the informer or informers, to be had and recovered upon con vision, by the confcflion of the party, or upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefTes, before the mayor of faid town, or any other juflice of the peace fop faid town and county, and to be levied by dillrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of every fuch offender, by warrant under the hand and feal of the faid mayor, or fuch other juflice of the peace, rendering the overplus, if any there be, the faid forfeitures to be given to the informer or informers.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the veflries of the parifhes of faint Peter and thc

faint Mary, in the faid town of Drogheda, to be held on any St Peter and day in the month of Augufl, in every year, may, and they are 3t. Mary may hereby empowered, if they think fit, to prefent fpeh fum or	tUm&*	™

fums of mon ;y as they fhall judge neceffary, to be raifed on the inhabitant* of faid parifhes refpe&ively, who refide in the faid town, or any part of the fuburbs thereof, for the paving, gravelling, and cleanfing the feveral flreets and lanes in the faid town and fuburbs. and for providing, ere£lir>g, lighting, maintaining, and repairing lamps to enlighten the faid ilrcets and lanes, and alfo to appoint proper perfons to applot and levy, the fum or fums fo prefented by the laid veitries, and K 2	to

*47

A. D.

I79°* Chap. 39.

148	Tie	thirtieth	Ted*	if George III.

to allow the laid perfons any fum not exceeding twelve pence, for each pound fb applotted and levied, for their trouble in applotting and levying the fame* and to appoint proper perfons to be directors or overfeers for the expenditure of the money fo prefented, who (hall be obliged to account on.oath to the veftrics of each parifti for the fame, and to allow the (aid perfons any fum not exceeding two (hillings, for each day every fuch dire&or or overfeer (hall be nece(Tarily employed in dire&ing or overfeeing fuch work. ; provided that no perfori (hall have a right to vote at any fuch vellry, until he (hall have fu ll taken the following oath, if thereto required by any parifhioner, which oath the minif-ter or curate of each parifh is hereby emppwered t6 ad-minifter.

I A. B. do /wear or affirm (as the cafe may be) that I am an houfe-holdcr in this fart/h, and that I live •within the town or fuburbs of Drogheda, (as the cafe may be) and that I am worth one hundred pounds, over and above all the debts I owe9 and that I am not a tenant at will far the houfe / live in.

So help me GOD.

A public aft. XXVIlI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken as a public a&, and (hall be judicially taken nbtice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other pfciTons whatfoever-i without fpccially pleading the fame.

CHAP. XL,

An Ad to explain and amend an Ad faffed in the Tivrnty-ninth Tear of his Mijefly's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation* fofar only as reffects the Navigation of the Byne.

WHEREAS by an a& of parliament pafled in the

_____ ^	#	twenty-ninth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, en-

G. 3.	titled,	An a3 for the promotion and encouragement of inland na-

vigation ; it was among other things end&ed, That debentures to thfe amount of twelve thoufand five hundred pounds^ bearing an intereft after the rate of fotlr pounds per centum per annum, fhould be iiTued to fuch perfons as then were, or (hould be undertakers for compleating a navigation from Drogheda to Trim, purfuant to their petition prefented to

/	the

A. D.

1790.





Digitized by Google

The thirtieth Year tf George III.	M9

the lioufe of commons in ^he then feffion of parliament, and A* D. that no fuch fubferibers or undertakers refpeftively, as in the l79°' faid ^ft of parliament mentioned, fhould be entitled to any Chap. 40. fuch debenture, or to any benefit whatfoever, fander the laid	,

aft, who fhould not have depofited with th£ governor and company of the bank of Ireland, one-tenth part of their ref* peftive fubferiptions or government Securities for fuch tenth part, or any proportion of the fame, fuch fubferiptions refpeftively being double the fum for which fuch lubfcribers or undertakers refpeftively, wrere by the faid aft entitled to receive debentures and that fuch depofits fhould be made by fuch fubferibers or undertakers refpeftively, within fix months after the twenty-fourth day of June, then next fub-jeft to certain provifoes and conditions in the faid aft mentioned, and fet forth : and whereas it was by the faid aft provided and enabled, That nothing therein contained, fhould extend, or be conftrued to extend, to vefl in fuch fubferibers and undertakers refpeftively, the property in fuch parts of the navigations in the faid aft mentioned, as had been open from the fea upwards before the palling of the faid aft, unlefs the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, fhould have been firft obtained : therefore be it enabled by the King’s mofl excellent Majefty, by and w ith the advice and confent of the loids fpiritual and temporal, and commons In Parliament afiembled, and by tire authority of the fame, That in cafe the perfons who in the lait feffion of rp>nsfirrr;n parliament prefented the faid petition to the houfe of com- J^fcrihcd rr',. mons for aid towards carrying on and compleating the faid titled to privi-work, or any of them, by themfelves, or jointly with others, lepe^Arc. as fhall within fuch times refpeftively after the twenty-fourth *icfe*n* day of June next enfuing the pafiing of this aft, as are in the faid recited aft mentioned in refpeft to the twenty-fourth of June then next, comply with and perform the feveral terms and conditions in the faid aft mentioned, they and their affigns fhall be entitled to, and have, receive, and enjoy all and every fuch aid, bounty, benefits, privileges, and advantages, as they would have been entitled to if they had complied with and performed the terms and conditions in the faid aft in that behalf mentioned and contained.

II.	Provided always, That in cafe the faid prefent fub- jf fuhfcri!»fr§ feribers, or fuch future fubferibers to, or undertakers of the or undertakers faid work, fhall negleft or omit to comply writh and perform or|1'- to comply the feveral terms and conditions in the faid aft mentioned,	all^,0™*

within fuch times relpeftivdy, after the twenty-fourth day nahics,°&c. of June next enfuing the pafiing of this aft, as by the faid aft were limited and appointed for the performance thereof refpeftively, after the twenty-fourth day of June lall pafi,

then

l$9

7hi thirtieth Tear of George III.

When i-10th o* iubfeription depolited or expended, fubicri-b rs to be united into i company, as

hcrciii.

Nothing in thi* aft to ahkf tells.

then and in fuch cafe, fuch fubferibers or undertakers (hall be liab'c to all fuch penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, as by the faid aft were enacted «nd appointed for or on account of the non-performance of the faid terms and conditions with-i i the refpeftive times for the purpofe in the faid aft mentioned.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That as foon as one tenth part of the fubferiptions entered into, or to be entered into for the completion of the faid work, or government debentures for fuch tenth part, lhall be depofited as aforefaid, or expended on the faid work,Juch Cubfcribera, and their afligns, (hall he united and erefted into one company for carrying on the faid navigation, and (hall from thenceforh be one body politick and corporate, by the name of the river Boyne company, and (hall have perpetual fucceflion, and a common feal, and by that name, may fue and be fued, and (hall thenceforth be invefted with all the powers, privileges, benefits, and advantages, for the purposes of carrying on the faid navigation, as were vefted in the company of undertakers of the Grand Canal, by the aft paired in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, entitled, An aft for enabling certain perfons to carry on and complete the Grand Canal, and alfo be fubjeCt to the like rules and regulations as the faid company of undertakers are fuhjeft to, under and by virtue of the aforefaid aft, as ef-feftually in all things as if the feveral claufes contained in faid laft mentioned aft, were again recited and re enafted iu the body of this aft.

IV.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained, (hall in any degree alter, or be conftrued to alter the tolls to be taken on the faid navigation, as afeertained by the aft for promotion and encouragement of inland navigati-

V.	And whereas part of the faid river Boyne, that is to fay, fuch pait of it as extends from Carrick-Lock above Slane-brid^e to Drogheda, as alfo certain parts of the fame extending from faid lock to Trim, had been made navigable at the publick expence, before the pafling pf the faid act, and are now under the controul and direftion of publick commifiioners, and it is expedient for the completion of the faid navigation up to ^Vim, that the property of the works which have been fo made at the publick expcnce, (hall be vefted in the faid river Boyne company, fubjeft to the regulations and reftriftigns herein after mentioned ; be it there-When com- f«re enacted, That fo foon as the faid river Boyne company pany have com- fhall have completed the navigation of the faid river Boyne ^ ^to^Navan 11P to town Navan in the county of Meath, purfuant the works**hcrc-	l^c*r undertaking afprefoid, the property in the faid

>vorki

#

The thirtieth Tear ^George III.

works, and the navigation aforefaid, from Carrick-Lock down to Drogheda inclufive of the faid lock, /hall be veiled in the faid river Boyne company, and their fucceflbrs, for ever ; and that immediately after this ad (hall pafs into a law, the property of faid parts or works before mentioned, jn to bevelled upon the faid river Boyne, between Cairick-Lock aforefaid, and the town of Trim, (hall be veiled in the (aid river Boyne company, and their fucceflbrs, for ever.

VJ. Provided always, and be it enaded, That unlefs the Unlefs com-faid river Boyne company (hall within five years after they Par'>' co.mP*ctc (hall have completed the faid navigation up to Navan as Trlm ^propcrry aforefaid, carry on and complete the navigation of the faid herein to remain river Boyne, up to the town of Trim in the county of under diretf iou Meath aforefaid, that then and in that cafe the property in ot I refent com-the faid works, and the navigation aforefaid, from Carrick-Lock to Drogljeda, (hall (land and be divellcd from the faid company, and (hall in that cafe (land and remain under the controul ai^d direction of the prefent commif-fioners of the faid navigation, as if this ad had never pafled.

VII.	And be it enabled. That until the navigation of Toll* fhajl the faid river Boyne, (hall have been completed to the town applied as of Trim as aforefaid* all tolls which (hall be raifed upon hcrc n-that part of the faid navigation which extends from Carrick-

Lock to Drogheda, (hall be applied only to the repairs Jmd improvement of the fame, but fo foon as the navigation of the faid river (hall be completed to the town of Trim as aforefaid, then and not before, fuch tolls (hall be applied to the pnrpofes of the whole of the faid navigation from Trim to Drogheda, in fuch manner as the‘faid river Boyne company (hall think fit.

VIII.	And whereas it may be injurious to the property of the perfons who have expended large fums of money on the mills of Slane, as alio to the preient and future pro- altering cuts prietors of the caftk of Slane, if the ptefent levels or cuts^ as hcian, made for carrying on the faid navigation from Carrick-Lock to Drogheda fliould be altered, or the locks now, or hereafter to be made from Carrick-Lock aforefaid, to Roflharee-Lock below the bridge of Slane, (hould b$ negligently taken care of, or malicioufly opened at unfeafonable times ; be it enaded, That it (hall not be lawful for the faid river Boyne company, and they are hereby prohibited from altering the prefent cuts or levels on the faid navigation, from Carrick-Lock to RofTnaree-Lock aforefaid, inclufive, andt that the perfon or perfons to be nominated and appointed by the faid company, lock-keeper or lock-keepers of the lock on the faid navigation now tailed Fentier-Lock, as alfo

1 1 yj

■ ~ I V-lM

Company prohibited from

152

The thirtieth Tear ef George III.

Notice to be pofted for pur-pofcsas herein.

Company, with approbation ot the pie-. fent-commif-fioners, may expend fums as herein.

A public adt.

of the faid lock called RofTnarec-Lock, and the guard-lock of Slane, and of all fucb locks as may hereafter Ire eredttd on the faid navigation, from the tail of Carrick-I,ock afore-faid, to the tail of RofTnaree-Lock aforefaid, iuclulivc, (hall from time to time be fo nominated and appoiuted, with the approbation and confent of the prefent and future proprietors of Slane-Cadle for the time being, and not other-wife, and every fuch lock-keeper (hall be removed from fuch his appointment, upon complaint made to the faid company by the prefent or future proprietois of the faid callie of Slane, of negledl or other mifcondudl in keeping fuch locks.

IX. And to prevent the injuries and inconveniences which may arife by draining the faid navigation, for the purpofes of repairs, or for any other purpofe, without giving proper notice; be it enacted, That notice fhall be publickly polled on the market-honfes of the towns of Trim, Navun, Slane, and Drogheda respectively, by and in the name of the faid company, fourteen days at the lead before the water (hall be drawn off from the cuts on the faid uavigation, or any of them, for the purpofe of repairing the fame, or for any other purpofe, and in cafe the faid cuts, or any of them, fhall be drained, without giving fuch notice as aforefaid, every perfon by wliofe direction fuch cuts fhall have been fo drained, or who fhall have drained, or caufed the fame to be drained, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, and ten pounds for every day the navigation fhall be interrupted thereby, to be lecovered by any perfon who fhall fue for the iarr.e, by civil bill in the comt of proper jurisdiction, either in of Meath, or the county of the town uf

whereas it may be expedient to permit the faid river Boyne company immediately to expend any futns of their money which they may think fit, in repairing and improving the faid navigation from Carrick-Lock down to Drogheda ; be it enacted, That it Ihidl and may be lawful for the faid company, by and with the approbation of the commiflioncrs, in whom the countroul and management of the faid navigation is now veiled, to expend fuch fums of their money as to them (hall feem meet, on the repairs and improvement of the faid navigation, at any time before the property of the Tame fhall be veiled in thtm, purfuant to, and by virtue of this act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any fuit fhall be commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing which (hall

tiie county Drogheda.

X. And

■

Digitized by

Google.

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

*5S

be done in puifoance of this act, fuch perfon or perfons A. D. may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in 1790. evidence, and that this act {hall be deemed and taken to  be a publick act.

CHAP. XLI.

An A3 for enabling the Lord High Chancellor, and the Amended 5*

Court of Exchequer refteftivtly% to male Orders on the Go- g. 3 c.6. vernor and Company cf the Baril of Ireland for Payment, out of the general Fund of Monies belonging to list Suitors of the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, the Sum thi rein mentioned, towards building the principal Courts of ffvjlice at Dublin, and Law Offices^ and Jcr amending an Ati)

Entitled, An .3 for letter fecuring the Monies and Ejfetls of the Suitors cf the Court of Chancery and Court of Exchequer, ly depfiting the fame in the National

for the adminidration of juilice in his Majcfty’s principal courts of jullict* at Dublin, and of offices for the keeping arid preferving of the records thereof, and for the tranfaclion of the huiinefs of fuch offices, will be of advantage to the publick, and it may require the fum of thirty thoufand pounds to complete the building of fuch courts and offices; be It therefore enacted by the King’s moffi excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the loids fpi ritual ar.d temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament r.ffitmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That out of the general fund of the monies	.	•

of the l'uitors of his Majefty’s high court of Chancery, o] f^or^irT ** and court of Exchequer, which now are, or fhaTl be depo- courts ot chtm-fited in the bank of Ireland, the governor and company of <-cry, &c the bank of Ireland fhall within the fpacc of three years, S°’??C1 f°-from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven co^t^dof- c hundred and ninety, pay to the lord high chancellor, and fices, upon chief judges, towards building the faid courts and offices, order, as the fum of thirty thoufand pounds, upon any order or orders which the lord high chancellor, or the lord keeper, or lords commiffioners for the cuftody of the great fcal of Ireland) for the time being, and the lord chief baron of the

Ban I, and to prevent the forging and counterfeiting any Draft, Order, or other Voucher, for the Payment or Delivery of fuch Money or Effects, and for other Pur-

HEREAS the providing of convenient courts

Preamble

court

*54

A, D,

1790-Chap 41.

Recital 23 & 24 G.3.

fum here in mentioned, with John Tunna-dinc, not forth coming;

lord chancellor, &rc- may iflue orders for fuch fum, not exceeding 2,50ol. as herein, &c.

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

court of Exchequer, (ball refpeftively make for that par-pofe; and that the faid fum of thirty thoufand pounds, (hall be fo paid by yearly payments of ten thoufand pounds in each year refpeftively.

II. And wherea3 by an aft paffed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, yin ad for better /ecuring the monies and effects of the fuitori of the court of Chancery, and the court of Exchequer, by de-pofiting the fame in the National Bank, and to prevent the Jorging and counterfeiting any draft, order, or other voucher for the payment or delivery of fuch money or ejfeds, and for other purpofes, it is recited, That by the failure of John Tunnadine, efquire, late one of the matters of the faid court of Chancery, a fum of fix thoufand fix hundred and fixty-four pounds feven (hillings, the property of certain of the fuitors of the faid court theretofore depofited with the faid John Tunnadine, was not forth-coming, and it is by the faid aft enafted, That the lord high chancellor, the lord keeper, or commiflioners of the great feal for the time being, may give his oiders from time to time, as occafion may require, to the accountant-general, to draw upon the faid bank in manner as in the faid aft ’ direfted for fuch fums fo depofited with the faid John Tunnadine, amounting in the whole to the (urn of fix thoufand lix hundred and fixty four pounds feven (hillings, and that the faid fums fo drawn for, purfuant to fuch orders, (hall be difeharged out of the general fund in the faid aft mentioned, remaining in the (aid bank : and whereas fince the patting of the-faid aft, it hath been difeovered that a further fum, the property of fuitors in the faid court, in a caufe therein in which Dominick Burke, Margaret his wife, and Richard 0 Hedges Eyre, were plaintiffs, and Edward Eyre, and Mary his wife, were defendants, and theretofore depofited with the faid John Tunnadine, was not forth-coming ; be it therefore enafted, That the lord high chancellor, the lord keeper, or commiflioners of the great feal for the time being, (hall and may iffue his or their order or orders, from time to time, to the accountant-general of the faid court of chancery, to draw upon the faid bank for fuch fum as (hall appear to the faid lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or commiflioners of the great feal, to have remained in the hands of the faid John Tunnadine in the faid caufe, not exceeding the fum of two thoufand five hundred pounds, or any part or parts thereof, in the fame manner as he or they is, or are by the faid aft empowered to dravy upon the faid; bank for the faid fum of fix thoufand fix hundred and fixty-foijr pounds feven (fillings ; and that fuch fum or fums as

Digitized by *

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

{hall be drawn for, purfuant to fuch order, {hall be difeharg-td out of the fame fund as the faid fum of fix thoufand fix hundred and fixty-four pounds feven killings is by the faid aft directed tD be difchaiged.

III.	And be it further enabled, That if it {hall happen that the general fund belonging to the fuiters of the laid courts {hall at any time be reduced to the amount of the fum of^feven thoufand pounds in the faid aft mentioned, and fuch fum as {hall be paid by virtue of, fuch orders as aforefaid in the faid caufe, not exceeding two thoufand five hundred pounds, and the faid fum of thirty thoufand pounds, which by this aft may he paid out of fuch general fund, after the fame {hall be paid, that then the governors and company of the faid bank ihall be reimburftd from and out of his Majetly’s treafury, as well fuch fum or fums, not exceeding in the whole the fum of two thoufand five hundred pounds, as {hall have been paid by virtue of any order or orders in the faid caufe ; and alfo the faid itim of thirty thoufand pounds, or fo much thereof as (hall have been paid by virtue of this aft, as the faid fum of fix thoufand fix hundred and fixty-four pounds feven {hillings, or any part or parts thereof, authorized tube paid by the faid aft.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That all or any of the eftate or effe^s of the faid John Tunnadine, liable to the demand of the faid fuitors, {hall be applicable to the difeharge, as well of fuch fum as (hall have been paid by virtue of any order or orders in the faid caufe, as of the faid fum of fix thoufand fix hundred and fixty-four pounds ftven fhiilings, fo far as fuch eftates or efTefts {hall extern ; and all tnouies arifing from fuch eflates or efTefts fo applicable to the difeharge thereof, {hall be paid into the faid bank, as part of the general fund, in difeharge of fuch fum. To payable out of fuch geueral fund, by virtue of this aft.

V.	And whereas it is by the faid aft enafted, That there {liall be a per foil appointed, from time to time, by his Majefty, his heirs and fucccflbrs, to aft, perform, and do all fuch matters and things as may be requifite and nc-ceftary for the payment, delivering, and depofiting of the monies, fecurities, and efTefts of the fuitors of his Majefty *s high court of chancery, into the faid bank, and for the taking the fame out of the faid bank, under the direftion of the faid court, and for keeping the accounts with the faid bank, and all other matters relating thereto, and that fuch perfon or officer {hall be called the accountant-general of the court of chancery ; and it is alfo enafted, That his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, may, from time to time,

appoint

1790

Chap. 41

If fund Ihould be reduced, to be reanburfed as herein.

Eftate of

TohuTuunodine liable to demand of fuitor*, as hereiir.

Further re« cital 23	24	Gr

raou**aai§-gc-i Vtfal may appoint deputies^ 4» herein, &Q.

Tie thirtieth Tear of George III.

appoint an accounttnt-genenl of the court of cxctiequtr, and that fuch accountant-general (hall be fubject to, and perform $11 fuch duties, regulations, acts, and directions, touching and concerninp the monies and fecurities of the fuitors of the faid court of exchequer, in like manner^ and under fuch rcftrictions and penalties as are therein prescribed, impofed, or dire&cd to he done and performed by the accountant-general of the court of chancery, touching and concerning the monies and fecurities of the faid comt: and whereas it may happen that by ficknefe or abfence upon unavoidable occa lions, the perfilns appointed, or to be appointed to the offices of accountants-general to the faid courts refpe&ivcly, may not be able to attend conlUntly to the execution of the duties of their refpeft ive offices, by which inconvenience may arife to the public ; for prevention whereof, be it enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the accountant-general of the court of chancery, with the approbation in writing of the lord lugh chancellor, lord keeper, or commiffioners of tire great ftal for the time being, from time to time, as occafion may require, to con-ftitute and appoint a fit and proper perfog, for \ybom be (hall be anfwerable, to be deputy to him in his faid office during the time of his ficknefs, or abfence* allowed by the chancellor, lord keeper, or commiffioners of the great feal^ and for the accountant-general of the faid court of exchequer, with the approbation in writing of the chief baroa of the f^id court, from time to time, as occafion may require to conftitute and appoint a fit and proper perfon, fop whom he (hall be anfwerable, to be deputy to him in his faid office during the time of his ficknefs, or abfence, allowed by the faid chief baron ; and that fuch deputies fo appointed (hall in all refpe&s have power to execute and perform the duties of their rcfpe&ive offices as fully as the principal officers by whom they (hall be refpe&ively appointed, and fuch deputies (hall a& in their refpe&ive offices, and perform all afts that (hall be necefTary to be dose therein, without any fee or reward, other than fuch as they fhall be entitled to receive from the perfons by whom they fhall have been refpc&ively appointed.

CHAP-

/

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

1790

An for extending the Powers of the Corporation for pan)- *\inerT(^ J ingy cleanfingy and lighting the Streets of Dublin y and to q ^^21 ^ enable the faid Corporation to build a Bridge acrofs the River Anna Lijfcy, at Ifland Bridge.

WHEREAS doubts have arifen on jthfc conftnidion of the different ads which have pafled for repairing roads in the county, and cotinty of the city of Dublin* whether the grand juries for faid county and city can pre-feut any money f6r repairing fuch parts of faid roads Hi art fituate between faid city, and the Circular-road, and the ^corporation for paving* cleaning, and lighting the ilreets 6f Dublin are at prefent prohibited by law from making fuch repairs, for want of which many of the fame are now in a ruinous (late, and almoft i'mpalfuble: and whereas faid corporation are delirous for the accommodation of the pub-lick, to undertake faid Works, ft) far as they may be enabled by law, and that their funds will permit, and to keep them in repair for the fpace of (even years ; be it enaded by the King’s moll excellent* Majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament ad'embled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this ad, the faid corporation may, and they arc hereby empowered to repair, make, and keep in order, at fuch times, and in fuch manner as they (hall think bell, all Or any part or parts of the feveral roads or avenues to the city of Dublin, which lie between the extreme end of the pavements, and the circular or environ road ; and alfo all, or any part of the road leading to Chapelifcod, and fituate between faid city and the line of the bridge intended to be built over the river Liffey, at Ifland-bridge, a* hereafter mentioned, and alfo to make fuch footways thereon, as they (hall think proper.

II	And whereas turnpikes are ereded on feveral of the roads leading to faid city, at which tolls are received for the purpofe of keeping the fame in repair, and it is reafonnble that faid tmftees (hould contribute towards the expcnce of the fame : be it enaded, That from and after the pafiing of this ad*, the diredors of the road leading from Dublin to Dunleer* and the truftees of other roads refpedively, (hall have full power and authority to enter into any contrad or agreement, for any term not exceeding feven years, with

faid

fcorporattea may repair road* a &

Diredors of Duulrer and other roads, hi&y agree with tttr* potation Tor propoition of cxpencei, o* herein-.

Goog

$

r'

V

Corporator! may apply part of funds for ' building Ifland-bridge.

No toll for . palling bridge, ice.

Materials of old bridge. See. verted in corporation, kc.

After 7 yea^s, the care or the bridge to devolve to the county.

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

faid corporation, for fuch proportion of the expence attend" ing the making, repairing, ^id keeping in repair, fuch parts of the faid road as aforefaid, as (hall be agreed upon between them and faid corporation.

II?. And whereas the bridge over the river Anna LifTey, at I (land-bridge, has been deilroyed, and rendered impartible for carriages, fo that the communication between the north and fouth Tides of the river at that place is taken away, and the benefits arifmg to the publick from the circular road are much diminilhed, and there do not appear any means of building a new bridge at or near faid place, without laying additional burthens on the publick, unlefs the faid corporation (hould be empowered to undertake, and be enabled to execute the fame : be it ena&ed. That the faid corporation may, and they are hereby empowered to apply fo much, or fuch part of their funds as may be neceffary fer the building and completing a bridge acrofs faid river, at Ifland-bridge aforefaid, upon fuch plan, and in fuchmanner, as they (hall think beft, and for the keeping the fame in repair for feven years.

IV.	And be it ena&ed. That nothing herein contained (hall be conllrued to empower faid corjroration, or the truf-tees of the circular road, or any other perfon or perfons, to charge or take, now, or at any time hereafter, any toll for the liberty of pafling faid bridge ; and that there (hall not be any gate or other bar erc&cd on faid circular road, nearer to faid bridge than the road leading from Kilm2:n-ham to the county of Kildare on the fouth fide, and the wall of his Majclly’s Phoenix-park, on the north fide of faid river.

V.	And be it enabled, That the materials of the old bridge, and alfo the foundations of the piers which have been laid in faid river, for the purpofe of building a new bridge (hall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the faid corporation ; and that if any perfon or perfons (hall deal, or carry away any of the flags, Hones, iron, timber, or other materials, or any thing whatfoever ul’ed or purchafed for the ufe of faid intended bridge, or belonging to the faid old bridge, or (hall injure or damage any of the works of faid bridge, he, (he, or they (hall be liable and fubjed to the like penalties ^nd forfeitures as are enacted by the faid hereinbefore recited a<£l.

VI.	And be it ena&ed, That the faid corporation (hall, at the end of feven years, give up and furrender the care and management thereof, and that from thence-forward it (hall be confidered as a county bridge to all intents and pur-pofes, and (hall be kept in repair at tne charge of the county

of





Google

'The thirtieth Year of George III.

of Dublin by prefentment, or in fuch manner as county bridges are fupported and repaired.

VII.	And whereas the faid truftees have entered into an agreement with the owners or proprietors of ground adjoining faid river on the fouth, for part thereof, for an approach or avenue to a bridge, intended to be built by them, but have not as yet completed the faid purchafe, by payment of the money agreed upon for the fame : and whereas there may be other demands againlt faid trultees for the cofts of erefting piers, or other works, for the ufe of faid bridge ; be it enabled, That the faid corporation (hall and may, and they are hereby empowered to pay to the proprietors or owners of faid ground, the fuin of four hundred pounds, together with intereft for the fame, at the rate of five pounds per centum, from the time the faid four hundred pounds became payable, until the fame {hall be paid in full, for any demands which they, or any of them have, or may have for the fame ; and that nothing herein contained {hall be con{trued to fubjedl the faid corporation to the payment of any other fum of money due by faid truftees as aforefaid, or to difeharge them therefrom, or to take away from the perfon or perfons entitled to receive the fame, any remedy they may have againft the faid truftees, or any other perfons for the recovery thereof, but that the faid piers, together with the materials of the old bridge, {hall be veiled in the faid corporation, free from any charge or demand whatfoever.

VIII.	And whereas the frequent breaking up the pavement of faid bridge for the purpofe of new laying, or repairing the mains or pipes, may damage faid bridge,' and will be a great nuifance to the publick : be it ena&ed. That in order to prevent the fame, the lord mayoi, fheriffs, commons, and citizens of Dublin, or their committee, commonly called the pipe-water committee, {hall not lay any main or other pipe on faid bridge, or within live yards of the fame, except the fame {hall be of iron or caft metal.

IX.	And be it enabled, That it {hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, or any feven or more members thereof, in cafe the fame {hall appear to them to be an improvement to the approach of the laid city, and an advantage to the publick, to widen any of the old roads between faid city, and the Circular-road, or to layout a new line or lines for a road, which ever they (hall judge will belt anfwerthe faid purpofes, and to afeertain the ground which will be wanted for the fame, provided that fuch grounds be not gardens or orchards, the produce whereof {hall not be ¥itended for publick. iale, yards, lawns, demefne ground

walled

*59 A. D.

1790. Chap. 42.

\

Corporation empowered to pay 400I. to proprietors, with intereft at 5 percent.

No pipe to be laid within 5 yard* of bridge.

Corporation may widen old, or make new roads between c ty and circular road.

Corporation to trcat'with

Kietofi of , 4cc. as

Perfons ne-gle&ing to treat after 14 days notice, may be proceeded againil as herein.

Upon payment of fums awarded, per-foiM interefted to execute conveyances u herein.

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

walled or paled in, or planted avenues, which faid corporation are not hereby empowered to enter upon for fuch pur-pofe, ualefs the owner or proprietor thereof (hall agiee with them fo to do.

X.	And be it enafted, That the faid corporation, or any feven or more members thereof, (hall be, and are hereby authorized and empowered to treat, contract, and agree, from time to time, with the feveral owners, proprietors, occupiers of, and perfons interefled in any lands, grounds or hereditaments neceflary to be ufed for the widening of any of the faid roads, or making any new roads in lines more convenient to travellers, purfuant to the powers hereby given, for fuch recompense and fatisfadion to be made for the fame, either by purchafe of the fee and inheritance, or by an annual rent, as they or any feven or more members thereof, and the refpe&ive owners and perfons interefted in faid lands, grounds, or hereditaments (hall agree upon, which faid purchafe money, or annual rent (hall be paid out of the funds of the faid corporation.

XI.	And be it enafted, That if any fuch opmer, proprietor, or occupier, or any body politick, corporate, or collegiate, interefted in any of fuch hands, grounds, or hereditaments, upon fourteen days notice to them given, or left in writing at the dwelling houfe, or place of abode of fuch perfon or perform, or of the head officer of fuch body politick, corporate, or collegiate, or at the houfe of the tenant in poTTeflion of fuch lands, grounds, or hereditaments (hall negledt and refufe to treat, and (hall not agree for the felling or demifing of the fame, or any part thereof, or by reafon of abfence (hall be prevented from treating ?s afore -faid; then, and in fuch cafe, the faid corporation, or any three or more members thereof, may ifiue a warrant or precept to the fheriffs of faid city, or to the (hcriff of the county of Dublin, as the cafe may require, and proceed upon the valuation thereof, in the manner directed by faid aft of the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majcfty’s reign.

XII.	And be it enafted, That upon payment of fuch fum or fums as (hall be awarded and adjudged, the perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, feoffees in truft, executors, adminjftrators, femes covert, guardians, committees, or other truftees whatfoever, who are, or fhall be feized, poflefled of, or interefted in any of fuch lands, grounds, or hereditaments, (hall make s*nd execute good, legal, and valid conveyances, alignments or demifes to the laid corporation, or any nine or more members thereof, of fuch lands, grounds, or hereditaments, and all bargains and Tales fo made and enrolled in the rolls-of-

ficc

^Digitized by ♦ jOOQle

thirtieth Tear cf George TIL

fice oF this kingdom, fhall have the fame force and effeft, as is given by the aforefaid aft.

XIII.	And be it enafted, That the faid corporation or their officers, {hall have all and fingular the fame power-, and nuthorities, and the like regulations, penalties and forfeitures {hall affeft and extend to every part of the roads or avenues which now are, or at any time hereafter may be fituate between the extreme end of the pavements, and tlje laid Circular-road, and alfo 39 far as Ifland-bridge, as are provided or enafted with refpeft to any part of the ftreets and other publick paffages of faid city.

XIV And whereas by the extenfion of the works hereby intended to be done, a great encreafe of bufiUefs will be induced on the faid corporation, and fome alterations will be neceflary in the eftablifhmenfc thereof: and whereas for t-he purpofes of paving and lightings faid city has been divided by faid corporation into five divifiona or diltrifts, in order that each divifion or diftrift refpeftively fhould be under the care and fupcrintendance of one particular dommif-tioner : and whereas for the effeftual executions of the feveral extenfions or works herein recited, one other or lixth divifion (hould be created ; be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the direftors of faid corporation, or any fire or more of them, with the confent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to appoint one other perfon, not being a member of parliament, to be a commiffioner of faid corporation, with like powers, authorities and allowances, and removeable and replaceable afc the other commiffioners are, under the faid aft of the twentyfixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign ; and alfo that it {hall and may be lawful for the lord mayor of the city df Dublin, upon a certificate figned as direfted by the faid aft, to fwear in two other of the inferior officers of faid corporation, into the office of conflable, which perfons (hall have the fame power and authority as the other conllables already appointed under the faid aft have, by virtue thereof.

XV.	And be ft enafted. That if any commiffioner {hall hereafter be chofen, or become a member of parliament, that his place or office of a commiffioner (hall thereupon immediately ceafe, and he fhall from thenceforward be incapable of afting as fucb, and the direftors {hall appoint another perfon in the manner preferibed by faid aft, to be a commiffioner in his room.

XVI.	And whereas by the carrying on of faid Works the Whole bull nefs of the corporation will be very materially in-icreafed, and ftore-houfes or yards at the extremities, or

Vol. IX.	L	other

Powers vetted in corporation, &c.

City has been divided into 3 di-ufionsby corporation as hereto.

If any com-miifioner become a member •if parliament, hi* office fiulL ceafe.

Dire&orsmay take additional ftore-houfes,

Sec. within cir* cular-road.

Tie thirtieth Teflr, of Geoege ftf.

©|hqr patfxof fajd city, ot within the limit* of the Giro* lar-road may be neceffary, and alfo additions gc alteration to their corpgration-houfc in Dawfon-flreet; be.it waited* Th*t thefaid Aircdors, or the majority of them* may tafet fucb r^di^ional ftorehoufes or. yards at' the, extremities, gr other parts of Slid city, or within the limit* of, theCk-tular.-rwd, and make fiich alterations or additions to th*fe ffgd hpufe, as they (hall tiiirl; fit* provided the. annual a(r jjepcc of the fatpe altogether, ball not exceed tbf faoq of gne hundred pounds-

XVII.	And whereas, the fcvepl ettex and adedtnesnit granted by »q aft pafted in, the twenty-fixth year of hjxMa-jfftyY reign, entitled, An qd fat tie improxpnent ef the, citji

cf Dublin t and the environ* thereof, h toe better paving, lightly and cleanfrtgtbe, fame, and by the faidaft veifcodixttb* direftors and commifhonerx thereby incorppra^d fof paving tkanfing, and lighting the ftrects of £)ublin, ftaada. fecit-rity Fpi payment pf feveral ftuusof money: borrowed Upon mortgages, made by former corporations for, paying the. Arrets of Dubliq, by virtue, of powers faf that purpofe given by certain other ads# in the fapl a^recited, and. of the intcreft of fuch fums a| the race of fix pounds, fey cm* turn per annum, and the fa$ tales and afleffments are alfo, fubjed to the payment of a further fum, for which war-, rants haye been iHued hy former commifficmcw for paving the directs of Dublin, beating a like intcreft, until the principal fums. therein mentioned be paid j and whereas the faid rates and afTeftmentsarc, affb a fccurity for payment of federal fums 6t money borrowed hy the dire&ors and commif-fioncrs incorporated by the faidaft, on mortgages made, or debentures ilfued hy them, hy virtue of certain powers m the laid a& for that purpofc, bearing iutereft, at tlje. rate of five pounds per centum perx annum : and whereas it maybe expedient for the laid directors and c&mmiifiolwrs appointed by* and in purfuance of the feid ad, to pay off tha feveral iurns now due and {landing out qn fuch mortgages, and warrants as. afordaid* bearing an intereft at the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, and on fuch mortgages, bearing auwtereft at the rate, of five pounds per centum per onrunty andJn. order to enable them to. pay oft fuch fums, or cry of them, or fuch part thereof as they may thinly proper, to borrow upon mortgages, bearing an inttreft not exceeding ti c rate o’ ve pounds per centum, as (hall be agreed upon by the faid directors and Comnufllanerg, fuch fumand fums as may be fufficient to pay oft and difeharge the feme . at. afordaid \ and whereas the expedition (ly performing of fuch works ns. the faid dkc&ors and commiflioncrs judge n& ccfiary tq be cArtiido^fqr the aqccyiuuodaUQa of the pub- >

Jhckf

DireAors,



Tlx thirtieth Tear of George III.

Hck, will be of peculiar advantage to the publick, and in order to enable the faid directors and commiffioners to exe-cute fucli works, it may be neceflary to borrow a further fum, not exceeding five thoufand pounds, in aid of die funds veiled in them : be it therefore ena&ed, That the faid

' direftors and commiffioners for the time being, or any nine	Pa*

r ,	^	c	\	•	.	°	.	;	„	off luma due.

or more of them, may at fuch tune or times as they fhall ^

think propar, pay off and difeharge all or any part of the

feveral fums now due, and outflanding on mortgages and

warrants, bearing an intetefl at the rate of fix pounds per

cenivm per annum, and five pounds per centum per annum, re-

fp*& iv ely.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That the faid direc- Dircaor*, tors and commiffioners, or any nine or more of them be, &c ™ay ^or-and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time ™7pofes is* to time, by mortgage or debenture, to borrow at fuch in- herein* tereft, not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, as (hall be agreed upon by them, upon the credit of the funds, rates and affeffments veiled in them, fuch fum and fums of money as (hall be fufficient to pay off and dif-charge the feveral Aims now due and outflanding on mortgages or warrants, bearing an intereft after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, and five pounds per centum per annum respectively, or any part or parts thereof, and by writing under their common feal, to fecure by mortgage of the faid funds, rates and afieffments, or any part thereof, or by debenture, any perfon or perfons who (hall advance fuch fum or Aims, which mortgage# or debentures fhall be of like import as the mortgages prescribed in the faid a6t, for fecuring the money which the faid directors and commiffioners were thereby empowered to borrow, with fuch variation in the words thereof, as the faid dire ^ors and com-miffioners from the circumilances of the caft fhall think proper to make, and fuch mortgages or debentures fhall be as valid and effe&ual a fecurity to the perfon or perfons who fhall advance the monies to be borrowed thereon, and fhall be transferable in the fame manner as any mortgages made by virtue of the faid recited a£t ; and the intereft which fhall accrue thereon, fhall be paid in like manner as the intereft of the monies borrowed, by virtue of the faid ad, is thereby dire&ed to be paid.

XIX.	And be it enabled, That whenever the faid direc- Directors, tors and commiffioners under the provitions in this ad, are &c. to publifh to pay off any of the mortgages or warrants now outttand-ing, fuch dire&ors and commiffioners may, from time to patd^off. C* time, cau(e an advertifement to be inferted in the DubliQ Gazette, and in one or more of the publick newspapers, figued with the name of their treafurer, requiring all per-L 2	Tons

Digitized by

i6+

A. D. 1790. Chap. 42.

Sums hor. rowed, See to be paid withia iw days.

500c! may In railed for cx-t< m:ng wo; ks ** iKreic.

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

ions holding ftich mortgages and warrants, or either of them, fo to be paid off as aforefaid, to apply for payment thereof at the office of the faid directors and commilfioners,' or at the office of their treafurer, as in fuch advertisement Or advertifennents (hall be mentioned, on fuch day or days as in fuch advertife ment or advertisements (hall hi named, not leSs than three calendar months from the time of the publication thereof, and the perfon or perilous entitled to fuch mortgages or debentures, and warrants refpe&ivdy, fhall be paid by the faid dire&ors and commilfioners, of their treafurer, the principal fums due to him, her, or them refpedively, with all intereft due thereon, and (hall upon fuch payment, give receipts for fame, and deliver his, her, or their Several and rcfpe&ive mortgages, debentures or warrants, to the Said' direflors and commiffionera, or their treafurer, to be cancelled, which they or he are, oris hereby required to cancel accordingly, and the intereft payable by virtue of fuch mortgages or warrants, and all right to claim and demand the Same fhall, from the expiration of the day of payment, ccafe and determine.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That the faid dire&ors and commiffiontrs (hall, within ten days after they fhall have borrowed any Sum or fums in parfuance of this ad, applicable to the payment of any Sum or fums now outftanding on fuch mortgages, debentures, or warrants, which they are hereby empowered to pay off, pay fuch Sum or Sums as fhall be fo borrowed, in difeharge of a like fum or fums due on fuch mortgages, debentures or warrants, fo to be paid off as aforefaid.

XXL And be it enabled, That it fhall and may be law-fill for the faid directors and commilfioners, to raife and borrow at an intereft not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum, fuch further fum or Sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of five tlioufand pounds, as may be neceffiry for executing with expedition fuch works as thev fhall think fit ; and that for Seaming the re-payment of fuch furn or fums with intereft, the faid diredors and commifftoher?, or any nine or more of them, fhall and may iffue debentures, under their common feal, acknowledging the receipt thereof, and entitling the perfon or perionswho fhall a lvance the fame, his, her, or their executors, admi-triftrators and affigns, to the amount df the fum to be rt-fpcdively fpedfied therein, and declaring fuch amount to be payable at fuch time and times as fhall be agreed upon fi»r that puvpofe, with intereft, until fuch time as the principal fume rcfpe&ively mentioned therein ftiall be paid in one entire payment, at fnch rate not exceeding fonr pounds fier ccntuuifer annum, as fhall be agreed upon, and fuch debentures

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

bentures (hall be in fuch form of words as the faid direftors and commiffioners (hall think proper, and the fame (hall be a lien on the rates and affeffments veiled in the faid directors and commiffioners, and be as effeftual a fecurity to the perfon or perfons who (hall advance the monies to be borrowed thereon, as any mortgage or fecurity made by virtue of the faid aft, or this aft ; and every fuch perfon, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators or afiigns, (hall be paid the principal fums to be fpccified in fuch debentures, with intereft, by half-yearly payments, as (hall be fa-tisfied therein, at fuch times refpeftively, as (hall in fuch debentures be appointed for the payment thereof, and all iptcrtft (hall ceafe from fuch time as fuch debentures (hall bt refpeftively payable.

XXII.	And be it enafted, That the faid direftors and commiffioners (hall yearly, and every year, from the latell period at which any debentures to be iflued for the faid fum of five thoufand pounds (hall be made payable, appropriate out of the rates and aCTeffinents veiled in them, a fum not lefs, than five hundred pounds, and (hall pay and apply the fame in difeharge of the principal fums due on fo many mortgages or debentures, to be iflued in purfuance of this a ft* for raifing fuch fum or fums as (hall be borrowed for the purpofe of paying off any fum or fums now due by mortgages and warrants as aforefaid, as fuch fum (hall amount unto, until the whole of the monies borrowed for fuch pur-, pofe (hall be paid off and difeharged.

X5JI1I. And for rendering the payment of the feveral fums due on fuch mortgages or debentures, fo fryorn time to time to be paid off, more eafv and certain : be it enafted, That the faid direftors and commiffioners (hall caufe the numbers of the feveral mortgages or debentures then out-(landing and unpaid, and the fums therein contained, to be written on feveral tickets or pieces of parchment, and to be rolled up and put into a box or urn, and well mixed, aad yearly and every year, an indifferent perfon to be appointed by the faid direftors and commiffioners, (hall publicity between the hours of ten and twelve in the forenoon of a day to be named for that purpofe, in an advertife-ment to be ligned with the name of their treafurer or fe-cretary, and to be inferted in the Dublin Gazette at lead twenty days before, at their houfe draw out of fuch box or urn, as many of the faid tickets oi pieces of parchment as the fums therein contained (hall amount to, the fum fo to be paid off, and the perfon or perfons, the number of whofe mortgages or debentures fhali be fo drawn, his or tfieir executors, adminiftrators and afligns (hall, within forty days after the fame (hall be drawn, be paid the prin-I . '	cipat

Manner of paying Anna sorrowed.

Number* of, mortgages, Sec. to be written, rolled, See. annually, as herein.

If Sntersftbe

Unpaid 10 days after day appointed, lord chancellor 6c c. may appoint a receiver/at herein.

Birefton, dec. may make bye-lftwt fot goveromeia of corporation.

Perfons aggrieved ttiiy appeal to quarter fcffiOtlSe

Tl* thirtieth Tiar of Georg* 111.

rfptl film to him, her, or them refpedtivcly due, with in* tereft for the fame, at the rates aforrfaid, until paid, and fhaH upon payment theyeof, deliver his, her, or their federal and refpe&ive mortgages or debentures, to the faid dire A ors ind commiffioners, or their treafurer, and pvt receipts for the fame, and the faid dire&ors and cornmiffioncrs, or their treafurer arc, Or is hereby required to cancel the fame, and the intereft payable by virtue of fuch mortgages or debentures fhall ceafe, from the expiration of forty days, to be accounted from the drawing of fuch ticket or pieces of parchment,

XXIV.	And be it enaded, That if the intereft which

fhall be payable on any mortgage or mortgages, or debenture or debenture*, to be ifTued in purftiance of this ad, or any part thereof, fhaU be unpaid by the treafurer, to the faid commiffioners and dire&ors, for the fpace of ten days after any of the days appointed fpr the payment thereof, the lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or commiffioners of the great feal may, upon a petition of qne or more of the hoMers of the faid mortgages or debentures, and an affidavit verifying the truth thereof, appoint a receiver to receive fo much of the faid rates and aftiffments, as may be neceflary to pay fuch intereft and the receiver's fees, and aH reasonable cota attending fuch application,'or may mak^ fuch order for fequeftering the faia rates and afTeffments, of fuch monies as may be in the hands of the faid treafurer for t:»e payment thereof, as to jufttcc fhall appertain.	;

XXV.	*And be it ena^pd, That the faid dire&ors and commiffioners, or any nine or more of them; fhall have full power and authority to make and ordain fuch bye laws, and pther regulations for the bitter government of the faid corporation, as they fhall think ft, which fhall bfc valid am} binding upon the faid corporation, and the members thereof, and upon all perfons employed by them, or under them, and that the laid directors and commiffionersj or any nine or more of them, fhall have full power and authority to alter, vary, and amend fuch bye-laws and regulations, or any of them, as they fhall think fit, provided always that fuch byo-laws and regulations fhall not be contrary to* the laws or ftatiites of this kingdom.

XXVI.	And provided alfo, That in cafe any peribn or perfons (hall think hirpfelf, herfelf, or themfclves aggrieved by the determination of faid corporation, upon any of faid fcyt-lawS, it fhall and may be lawful to and fot fuch perion or perfons to appeal therkfmm, to the iuftices at the next quarter feffions to he held rbr the city or Dublin, after fuch determination, which jcilices are hereby required finally to

........................ i	*.....hear

The thirtieth Tear of Oeergeifl.

hear and determine fuch appeal, ind ff they '(hall be of opinion thift faid detertfrination wa$ rights to award tiYbfe colls agrdnll the jq)pdhut.

XXVII.	And be it enacted, TTiat no contraA or agreement to be entered into by the faid corporation, /hall be va-lid or binding, unlefs the fame (hall be iigtred by fonr members thereof, two of whom at the lead, /hall be directors

XXVIII.	And be it enabled, That at all meetings of the dfre&ors, or of the dire&ors and commiflioners of faid corporation, in cafe there be an equality of voices^ the fe/ii-or diredlor then prefent, (hall h^ve A calling vote, exclusive cif his own.

XXIX.	And whereas there was a lofsby Failure of collectors under former corporations, for paving the ftreets of Dublin, of four hundred and feventy three pounds eight (hillings and eight pence; a,nd whereas the faid corporation claimed credit for tlie fum of thirty-four pounds eighteen lhillings and feven pence halfpenny, as paid by them for op-poling a bill in parliament, which faid fums the cofnmilfi-oners of imprell accounts refufe to allow, or difeharge the prefent corporation from, on parting their accounts: be it enabled, That the faid commimoners of imprell accounts (hall, and they are hereby empowered to fellow the faid fums^ and to difeharge ^he faid corporation therefrom, on palling their next accounts.

XXX.	And be it enacted, That the cofts and charges of preparing, drawing, obtaining and palling this act, fhall be paid by the faid corporation out of the funds thereof.

XXXI.	And be it enabled, That thia a& (hall be deemed a publick ad, and fhaJB be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juries and other perfons, without fpeCK ally pleading the fame.

CHAP. XLIIL

An Aft far the shore effe final Application of the Sum of Opt. Thoufahd Pounds, granted by Kinfs Letter, for the Support and Repaid of the Cathedral Church of Down, and for defraying the Expence: of the Celebration of Divine h:p therein.

Senior director to J.ave \ calling vote.

Loft of 4-3I, 8s 8d by failure ol col* le&ori.

WHERtASi the rnfaouss ftate of the cathedral chifrCh of Down hath been for many years an ob-. jtet of felt concern to the hiftiop and clergy of the diocefe fetid t0 the Inhabitant* of the fante : and where** the great

tbiUckt

Colh paid by corporation.

A public adt.



^^^^^^jj^Digitized by

L

\



A. D.

1791-Chap. 43.

The thirtieth Tear ej George III.

obftade which hath for many years, prevented the refWv ration of tlie fai£ cathedral church of Down to fuch a degree of decency and dignity as would become a dioccfe of its di(lin{tiof\ and importance, was the total amuhiiation and lofs of the fund for the occonomy, belonging to the dean and chapter of the cathedral church aforefaid, for the fupport and repair of their cathedral, and for defraying the exp^nces attending divine woffhip therein: and whereas the public wi/h for the reparation and re-cf-tablifhment of the faid cathedral cjhurch having been fignifi-cd to his Majefty, his Majefty has been gracioufly pleafi^. to grant, towards the completion of a fund for re-buildiqg the fame, the funa of one thoufand pounds, by kir.g’6 letter, to be paid fo foon as his Majefty (hall have been certified that fuch a fubfeription (hall have been made as (hall, in addition to his Majcfty’s bounty, be equal to the obje&pro-pofed: and whereas fuch a fubfeription as a/orefaid hath been (ince made by the nobility, gentry, and clergy of the county of Down, and other wcll-difpofed perfons, and it is intended forthwith to proceed to carry his Majefly’s gracious intention into effc6l, by repairing the faid cathedral: and whereas the honourable and reverend Wiliiam Annefley, the prefent dean of Down, being very defuous to relioce and render permanent an eftabliftiment for the fupport of the faid cathedral church, and the celebration of divinewor-fhip therein, has propofed, with tbe approbation and content of the bilhop of the djocefs, and arch-bi(hop of tfie province, to give and appoint, and the chapter have agreed to accept, the fum of three hundred pounds yearly, to he allotted ofit of the t,ythes of the deanery aforefaid, for the purpofes aforefaid ; and whereas it is apprehended that th£ aforefaid appointment of the (aid dean of Down will not bind his fucceflbrs, whereby the appropriation of the fa.d yearly fum of three hundred pounds to the purpofes aforefaid, may be rendered precarious; for remedy whereof, and in order to carry his Majefty’• mod. grapious intention into execution, and to apply his Majefty’s grant to the purpofes thereby intended; be it ena&ed by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, which will be in the year one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-one, all that and thofe the tythes, whether vicarial or rectorial, tenths, oblations, obventions, fruits, fees, dues, glebe lands, tenements, meadows, paftures, commons, woods, waters, profits, privileges, and advantages whatsoever, which now belong to; or arife, or which hereafter may

belong

1

^ The thirtieth Tear of George III.	169

belong to, or arife out of the fcveral parifhes of Down, Bal- A. D. lycultcr, and Tyrela, in the faid county of Down, and out 1790. of all and every other parifh or parimes which now are an- Chap. 43, nexed to, or incorporated in, or conftitute any part of the V— deanery of Down aforefaid, fhall Hand and remain chargca- TytHes charge-ble with one annuity, or yearly charge of three hundred w pounds, to be paid to the faid dean and chapter, and their „um> fucceflbrs, for ever, upon the trulls, and for the purpofes in this a& mentioned, the faid annuity to be ifTuing, going, and payable for ever as aforefaid, out of all and Angular the tythes, whether vicarial or rectorial, tenths, oblations, ob-ventions, fruits, fees, dues, glebe lands, tenements, meadows, paftures, commons, woods, waters, profits, privileges, and advantages whatfoever, which now belong to, or ariie, or which hereafter may belong to, or arife out of the faid fe-veral parifhes of Down, Ballyculter, and Tyrela, and out of all and every other parifh or parifhes which now are annexed to, or incorporated in, or conftitute any part of the deanery of Down aforefaid, or which are payable to the faid William Annefley, as dean of Down aforefaid, the faid dean and chapter, and their fucceflbrs, to hold and receive the faid annuity for ever, upon the trufU aforefaid, the firft yearly payment of the faid annuity to begin, and be made on the twenty-fifth day of March, which will be in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two.

II. And be it further ena&ed, Tbat in cafe the faid an- ifannuirybe nuity of three hundred pounds, or any part thereof, fhall unpaid 21 da », happen to be behind and unpaid for the fpace of twenty- dean and chap-pne days* next aft^r any of the days of payment, whereon tci collect the fame is herein before appointed to be paid, it fhall be as* erciu‘ lawful for the faid dean and chapter, and their fucceflbrs for ever, to afk, demand, col!e£l, and receive of and from all and every the parishioners of the faid parifhes of Down,

Ballyculter, and Tyrela, and out of all and every other parifh or parifhes which now are annexed to, or incorporated >n, or conftitute any part of the deanery of Down aforefaid, or from any perfon or perfons to whom the faid dean, or any of his fucceflbrs, hath let or demifed, or ft.all let or dc-mife the fame, all and Angular the faid tythes, whether vicarial or redlorial, tenths, oblations, obventions, fruits, fees, dues, profits, privileges, and advantages, and all and Angular the rents arifing from any glebe lands, or other lands, tenements, and hereditaments, belonging to the faid deanery, until* the faid annuity, and all arrears thereof fhall be paid and difeharged, and upon non-payment thereof, or of any part thereof, to bring, commence, and profecute all and every fuch action and a&ions, fuit and fuits, either at law or in equity, againll all and cv^ry perfou and perfons, and to

take



A. ft.

Said AOOAitf for the ftipport of cathedral.

Beta to appoint proper perlotu to hold office*.

Government, dec. of offices, veiled in dean; bilhup Of frown atul Onmot, vifltor ^ a public 4a.

Preamble.

f

The ikmUtb T)mr o/Gcmgt 111.

Wke dl <jA*r way* fetid tMtfccJdS either in tfct Vtafe stod fefc of the dean and (chsj|e* aforrfatt, dir in the name ofih£ faH prdett dean of I>y#U, dr any of his foceeflbrfe, for the tt-•oovering and receiving the f**d annuity Of three hundred potmds, ns may fee nceefiary.

ill. Provided always, and vt is hereby deefettd and en-fc&fd, That the faid annuity (hall be upon the fpecral trod to appropriate the fcdfric, and every part thereof, for ever, foe the fupport and repair of the (aid cathedral chufeh, and for the tftabKihtaent and fupport#of the choral dr chotr fer-viee therein, for which purpose the numbers of Vicars choral or tinging men, Omil not be left than three, tt&T the choireftets or tinging boys lets thaa da, together With aa organ iti.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority tfotrfiriti. That it (hall and may be lawfol for the dean of Down afort-(aid* to appoint proper and (hflkneot peribtis to hold and eaerctfe each and every of the fcvcral offices hfeitin before mentioned, and that it (hall and may be lawful, upon the death of retnoval of any 6f the officers aforefiud, for the faid dean of Down, and bis fuceeflors, for ever, to appoint proper and fuffiicent petfons to till up foch vacancies aa may be otcafioned by death or removal as aforefstd.

V.	Provided always, That the government and regulation of the feveral offices, and the removal of the fev^ral effi* cers aforefaid, fliaU be in the faid dean and his tiicceffors for ever; and that the bifhop of Down and Connor, and his fuccellbra, (hall be vifitor of the whole, with adl vifitew rial powers; this act to be deemed and taken to be 4 pulp, lie ad.

CHAP. XLIV»

An AS for the Amendment of the Turnpike Road heading from the City of Kilkenny to the town of Clonme!ls and thence to the Bounds of the County of Corky and to provide for the better Repair of the faid Road*

XX^HEREAS the prefent laws are infuffieient for X * keeping the faidroad in repair; be it ena&ed by the king’s moK excellent Majclty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament ^fTcmbfcd, and by the authority of the lame, that an ad pajfod in the fifth year of the reign of his btc Majj^ly king (*cor^ $c k^otsdK entitled,^* ad





Digitized by

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

for repairing the road leading from the city of Kilkenny to 'the town of ChnmelJ, in the county of Tipperary ; and alfo an aft paffed in the ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty king George the fecond, entitled, An A3 for explaining, amending, and making more ejfcftual an aft, entitled, An aft Jor repairing the road leading from the city of Kilkenny to the fozvn of Clonmel!, in the county of Tipperary, be, and the fame are hereby repealed, and made null and void, except luch parts thereof as repeal any aft or afts therein recited.

II.	And be it further enafted, That the earl of Mount-Cafhel, lord Lifmore, lord Donoghmorc, lord Defart, lord Kingiborough, fir Thomas Ofborne, baronet, right honourable George Agar, John Butler, efquire, of Kilkenny, feni-or, Walter Butler, efquire, Stephen Moore, efquire, John Bagwell, efquire, Phyneas Ryal, efquire, Nathaniel Mitchell, efquiie, Richard Pennefather, efquire, William Perry, Samuel Pen, Richard Moore, Solomon Watfon, Robert Stephenfon, Richard Jones, efquires, reverend dean Pack, reverend Jofeph Moore, reverend John Ellifon, reverend John Scott, reverend Sanyjel Ryal, Thomas Moreton, Edward Collens, Robert Hamerton, John Lap Judkin, Samuel Allan, Edward Taylor, William Pcnnefather, Patrick Walfh, Daniel Manfergh, James Wemys, Thomas Poore, Thomas Vo well, Valentine Smyth, Abraham Baker, Richard Sparrow, Thomas Gordon, Thomas Chaytor, Bartholomew Markham, efquire*, Francis Reynolds, Henry Green, Cornelius Rvan, and Philip Low, be, and they are hereby appointed commifli-oners of the faid load.

Ill	.And be it further enafted, That whenever any of. the faid commiflioners herein appointed by name (hall happen to die or refign, it (hall be lawful for the remaining commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, on the firft Tuefday in any month, to cleft a perfon to be a commiflioner in his {lead, and fo as often 2s a vacancy fnall happen, by the death or reiignation of any perfon fo chofen.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid commiflioners (hall aflemble at twelve o’clock at noon, on the flrfl Monday after the pafiing of this ad, at the city of Kilkenny, or in cafe of failure thereof, on the Monday next fuc-ceeding, and (hall at fuch meeting cleft by ballot, from among the faid commiflioners, five perfons to be direftors for the fuperintending and managing the laid r.m vl, and for tranfacting all bufmefs relative to the fame.

V.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe of the death

Commiflioner*.

Now 'Jed ion in call of death.

Meetings of cuminiflionu'4

In cafe or

or refignation of any direftor, or in cafe any direftor cho- death, or reG#-fen purfuant to this aft, (hall negleft or refufe to execute his trull, by refufal in writing under his hand and feal, or by ‘	4	nof

A. D.

1790. Chap. 44.

7 ccmmiflion-cr% to conftitute a mC€t;D£.

ConunilHon-cninay adjourn.

Any 7 of faid coiwnifii oners may call a meeting a* kercin.

Oath.

Diietfors «hi oie iupetyi-Dors.

The thirtieth Tear ofGeorge III.

not attending at Tome one meecting of the direftors, during the 6r(l two months after the palling of this aft, it fhali be lawful for the faid coifimiflioners, or any feven of them, to choofe by ballot, from among the faid commiflioners, one perfon to be a direftor in his place, and fo as often as the cafe lhall happen, fourteen days previous notice being given of the meeting in fome public paper, and being alio polled on each pay-gate, fpecifyiog that fuch meeting is to be held for the election of a director.

VI.	And be it enafted, That feven commiflioners lhall be neceflary to conllitute a meeting of the faid commiflioners, and that the aft of the majority of feven, legally convened, (hall be the aft of, and binding upon the faid commiflioners.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners to adjourn any meeting, from time to time, and from place to place contiguous to, or convenient to the faid road.

VIII.	And be it further cnafted, That it lhall be lawful to and for any feven of the faid coimnifliontrs, by notice in writing under their hands, at any time, to call a meeting of the faid commiflioners, to be held either in the city of Kilkenny, town of Clonmcll, or in fome other convenient place contiguous to the faid road, fuch notice fpccifying the caufc of aflembling the commiflioners, and being potted upon the feveral gates on the faid road feven days previous to the time appointed for fuch meeting.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That every director who, (hail be elefted purfuant to this aft-, lhall, before he lhall, aft as fuch, take and fubferibe an oath in the words following, before one of the commiflioners afore-mentioned, who. is hereby empowered to adiqinitler tho fame.

1 A. B. do fuitar, that 1 will well and truly d'tfcbarge the duty of a cirecior of the ready from the city of Kilkenny to tie town of Clonmell, and thence to the hounds of the county of ( or I, according to the htf oj n,Jk.ll> withoutfavour or malice ; and that 1 ~ju ill account faiihju.iy nxnth the commijfoners of the Juid road, for all money received by me as a direuor ; and that 1 will, as far as in me lies, endeavour to appoint competent and p ope r fip'rvijcrs of the fid road, to ad ~nJer the directors of the faid read.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the faid direftors, or any three • them, lhall, as foon as they conveniently can after they lhall be elefted and fworn as aforefaid, meet at fome place convenient to the faid road, and lhall have power, frpm time to time, to choofe any proper perfons, not exceeding two in number, to be fup^rnfors of the faid road,

and

The thirtieth Tear of George Ilf.

and td appoint falaries for fuch fupervifors, not exceeding* in the whole to any one fupervifor the fum of twenty pounds in the year, and that the number of attendances of every fupervifor chofen purfuant to this aft, (hall be afeer-tnined by the oath of fuch fupervifor, to be taken before any one of the faid direftors, which oath the faid direftors, or any one of them, are, and is hereby empowered and directed to adminifter, and that any three or more of the faid direftors aflTembled together (hall have power, from time to time, to remove any fupervifor at the free will and pleafure of fuch direftors, and to appoint other fupervifor or fupervifors in the (lead of fuch fupervifor fo removed ; and in cafe of death or refignation, to appoint other fupervifor or fupervifors in the Head of fuch fupervifor or fupervifors fo dying or refigning.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That every fupervifor who (hall be chofen and appointed by the direftors purfuant to this aft, (hall, before he (hall aft as fuch, take and fubferibe an oath in the words following, to wit ;

I A. B. do folemnly fzvear, that I will honejlly and diligently execute the office of a fupervifor of the road from the city of Kilkenny, to the town of ClonmelU and thence to the bounds of the county of Cork ; and that I will according to the bejl of my Jkill and knowledge execute all lawful orders given to mty by the dtredors of the faid road ; and that I will when called upon by the faid directors, or any three of them, account for all money which Jhall be confided to me by the faid directors, or by me received by virtue of this ad.

• So help me God.

Which oath any three of the faid direftors afTembled together are hereby empowered and required to adminlller to fuch fupervifor.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That the fupervifors Duties of (hall as often as required by the faid direftors, or any of fupervifors them, attend on the faid road, and (hall fee jointly or fepa-rately, as (hall be directed, that all orders and works directed and ordered by the faid directors, be properly executed and performed, and (hall make returns and reports when required, from time to time, to the faid directors, of the (late, nature, and circumftances of the faid road, and (hall remove all nuifances, obftructions, and encroachments on the faid road, and (hall fuperintend all workmen and labourers working and labouring on the faid road, and pay them their wages, but fubjeft to the orders of the faid directors, and each fupervifor (hall keep a book containing a journal of his own proceedings, and (hall attend all meetings of the faid direftors

Th* thirtUtb Tim	€image III.

A- D. jaedon and commlffionm if fo repaired, and if any taper* 179a. vilar (hall refufe or ncgled to perform his office of fuperri-Chap* 44? ftw as required by this a&, and (hall he thereof canri^odby the oath of any two or mere credible wkneffie* before aay jufticc of the peace, every foch fopervifor (haR forfeit the fum of fire pounds for every foch sfoee, to be levied by diftrefs and (ale of fuch fuperafors goods, by warrant under the band and foal of inch juftice, tendering the overplus^ if any, to fuch fupenrifor.

D'rcaortmsy XIII And be it farther cfttAed, That aoy three of divide road; the fold dire&ore (ball have fall power to divide the (aid road into two divifions, in fuch manner aa they (baft thiok proper, and to eftablifh or ere#, or caafe to be creeled, oae or more pay-gate or pay-gates upon and acroft any part or parts of the laid road, and (hall have power to build, fare, or rant a toll houfo convenient to every faeh gate, and to demand and take in each of the faid two divifions, by fuch perfon or perfona as they or any three or more of them tolls to be taken (hall authorize thereto^ die following tolls at every fuch as herein. gate, before any horfe, mare, or gelding, afs, mule, cattle, coach, chariot, landau, phsrton, cabriolet, cubicle, chaifo, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, (hall be permitted to go through the lame, that is to faj, for every coach, landau, chariot, chaife, phaeton, cabriolet, curricle, or chair, if drawn by fix horfes, or other bcafis, or by more than fix, the fura of two (hillings and eight pence halfpenny; if drawn by four or five horfes, or othar beads, the fan of one dulling and fcven pence halfpenny ; if drawn by two or three horfes, or other beads, the fam of one (hitting and one penny, and if drawn by one horfe or other bead only, the fum of fix pence halfpenny; for every waggon, wain, dray,' cart, car, timber or other carriage not herein before charged, if the ft teaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof, (hall be fet on with counter-funk, fiat-headed nails, bokt, ot ferews, and fhatt he four itrahefror more in breadth, the fum of one penny for every horfe or bcaft drawing die (ante, and if the (freaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof (hall be fet on in like-manner, and (hall be lefo than four inches, hut not lefs than three inches in breadth, the fttm of three halfpence for every horfe or other bcaft drawing the feme, and if the (freaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof (hall be fet on in.like manner, and (hall be leb than three inches in breadth, the fum of three pence for every horfe or other bcaft drawing the; forac, and if any of the (freaks or (hoeing of any of the wheels of any fuch carriage (hall be fee on with high or fprig-hcaded nails, bolts, or ferewt, or with, any nails, bolts, or ferews, not being counter-funk aod fefthcadedf. the fcohof one (foiling fiai cvery horfc ar

other

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

other beaft drawing the fame; for every horfe, mare, gelding, af&, or milk, laden or unladen, the fum of one penny; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the fum of twenty pence by the foore, and fo in proportion for any greater or Ms number ; for every drovo of calves, (beep, lambs, or pigs, the Cum of ten pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs number.

XIV.	Provided always. That for ©very car, whofe wheels however narrow they may be, fhall be formed and ^he^iiT * put an fo as to turn round the axle-tree, and whofe axle-

tree fhall be fixed fo as not to turn round with the wheel*, the fum of penny only* and no more, (hall be demanded or taken at any fuch gate, for each horl'e or other bea(b drawing the fame, if the ftreaka or (hoeing of fuch wheel® be fet on with counter-funk flat-headed nails, bolts, or ferews.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawfot P.iy-gates to for the laid directors, or any three or more of them, to be we&cd. ere& a pay-gate or pay gate® on the fide of the faid road,

acrof® any lane or way leading out of the faid road, and to build, hire, or rent a toll-houfe for every fuch gate, and there to demand and rer. tivc fuch tolls as are appointed by this aft to be taken at any gate upon the faid road, and that every fuch gate (hall he deemed a pay-gate.

XVf. And be it further enacled, That no perfon fhall bo Tolls to be liable to pay any of the faid tolls more than once in the Paid oncc a daf* fame day, with the fame cattle and carriage in the fame di-vifion, but that every perfon after having paid fuch lull once, may during the remainder of the fame day, every fuch day to be computed from twelve o’clock at night to twelve o’clock the fuccceding night, pafs and re-pafs toll free through every pay-gate in the fame divifion, with the fame cattle and carriage for which fuch toll (hall have been paid, on producing a ticket denoting the payment of fuoh toll, and containing fuch other matters as are herein required refpe&ing the lame,, which ticket every collcdfaar is. required to give gratis on receiving tire toll, upon pain of forfeiting five (hillings for every omifllon or refofal, upon conviction before any juflice of the peace of the county in which fuch offence (hall be committed, or before any of the faid commiflioners, every of w'iom are hereby authorized tov examine into the fame, and adminiller oaths for that pur-poic.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any perfon Tolls levied (hall refufe to pay the toll payable by him or her in-virtue by diUrcfr. of this act, it (hall be lawful for the colleger thereof, or perfon acting as fuch, to levy the fame by diftref* of the horfe or horles, or other bead or bcsUU, carnage or car-,	riagesj,

A. Eh

Cfc»p. -H-

Toll for car*

ty6	The	thirtieth	Tear	of George IIL

risges, upon which the toll is by this afl impofed, or nprffl the goods or chatties of the perfoo or perfons who ought to pay the fame, and fuch horfe or hoiifes, or other beaft or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chatties; may be detained until fuch toll (hall be paid, with the reafonable charges of fuch diftrefs* and if the fame (hall not be paid within four days, it (hall be lawful for the colle&or or peribq a&ing as fuch, to fell the fame, rendering the overplus, if toy, to the owner, on demand, after payment of the (aid toll, and the full expenccs of the faid difirefs, detinue, and file.

XVIII.	And be it further entiled, That if any perfon bge'of	** Pc,^oni forcibly or wilfully go or pafs with any horfe;

jog a collettor, bead; or carriage through any pay-gate on the (aid road; Arc.	without paying thd toll by this a6fc required, or producing

a proper ticket as aforefaid, at fuch pay-gate, or (hall knowingly or defignedly a (fault; interrupt; or obftru& any of the colle&ors or peifons employed in colle&ing or receiving any of the faid tolls; or otherwife* in the execution of his or their employments of receiver or collector, or (ball forge; counterfeit, or alter, or (hall deliver to, or receive from any other perfon or peifons any note or ticket with an intent to avoid the payment of any of the faid tolls* or any part thereof, every perfon fo offending, being con-▼idled thereof upon the oath of any one credible witnefe before any judice of the peace, (hall for every fuch offence; forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, and it (hall be law-fid for every collector or perfon ailing as fuch; and all other perfons by him required to aifid in that refpe&, to feize any horfe or horfes, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, with all goods thereon, and the driver or drivers, attendant or attendants thereof, and to bring them before any judice of the peace; who is hereby required to enquire into fuch offence, and if upon conviction before fuch judice; upon the oath of any credible witnefs, the party or parties complained of, (hall not pay fuch penalty, together with the tolls that (hall be due, it (hall be lawful for fuch juf-tice, and he is hereby required by warrant under his hand and leal, to caufe the horfe or horfes, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods fo didrained, to be fold for payment of the faid tolls and penalties, and the v charges of feizing and keeping the feme, and of fuch fale,* rendering the overplus, if any, upon demand, to the owner or owners of the fame, or to the perfon or perfons under whofe care, or in wheft poffeffion refpe&ively the feme wav or were when fo feized, as aforefaid, or if no fufficient dif-trefs (hall have been feized to commit fuch owner or owneny or other perfon or perfons to the common gaol, there to remain

Penalty’on



/

Tickets.

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

main without bail or mainprize, until fuch fine and penalties, tolls and charges he paid.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That every ticket to be given as aforefaid, by any colle&or for any carriage which is fubje6t to different tolls in refpeft to the different breadths or fhoeings of its wheels, (hall truly fpecify the fum received, the number of horfes or other beafts drawing the fame carriage, and the breadth of the wheels, that is to fay, whether four inches or more, whether under four, and not lefs than three inches, or whether lefs than three inches, and alfo whether flat-fhod or fhod with high or fprig-headed nails, bolts, or ferews ; and if any ticket fhall not fpecify all the laid matters truly, the collector of the tolls at the gate where fuch ticket fhall have been given, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch offence, upon conviction, by oath of one credible witnefs before any juftice of the peace ; and in cafe of not paying the fame immediately* fhall be committed by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch jutlice to the common gaol or houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of one month, or until the faid fine fhall be paid.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful Dire&ar, &c. for the fupervifor, or for any director or commiffioner, or may flop any any magiflrate, conflable, or fub-conftable, to flop, on any

part of the faid road, any cart, car, dray, waggon, wain, or other carriage not being a coach, landau, chariot, phseton, cabriolet, curricle, or chair, which fhall have paffed during the fame day through any pay-gate on the faid road, whofe wheels fhall not be four inches in breadth on the foie, or fhall havfc any large or fprig-headed naita in their ftreak8 or fhoeing, and to require the driver, or perfon attending the fame, to produce the ticket which he or fhe fhall have received at fuch pay-gate for the toll paid for the fame; and if fuch driver or perfon fhall neglect or refufe to produce fuch ticket immediately on demand, or if fuch ticket, when produced, fhall not certify the whole toll payable for the fame by virtue of this a&, or fhall contain any other de-feription of the breadth and fhoeing of the wheels than the truth, it fhall be lawful for fuch perfon to feize and diltrain the faid horfe, or other beafl, and carriage, with all the goods and chatties thereon, and fuch horfe or horfes, or other beaft or beafts, carriage or carriages, or goods and chatties, may be detained, until the toll preferibed by this a£t for the fame fhall be paid, with the reafonable charges of filch dillrefs and detaining ; and if the fame fhall not be paid within four days, it fhall be lawful for the perfon who fiiaU have feized, to fell the fame, rendering the (%erplus, if any, to tlie owner or driver, on demand, after payment of the Vol. IX.	M	.	faid



Cars, Are. flopped till whet U are taea» fared, 4c,

The thirtieth Year $f Ckorgt III.

faid toll, and the full expcnccs of the (aid diftrefs, detain-ibg, and file.

XXI.	And be it further enaded, TRat every coflcdor, or other perfort adingufuch, (hall hare power to detain a any pav-gite every car, cart, or other carriage, whereon the toll payable vanes according to the breadth of the (beaks, or (hoeing of the wheels, and to meafure the feme, jmd every fupervifor, diredor, commilfioner, magi (Irate,* conftable, or lub-conftable, (hall have the like power to flop and meafure the wheels of every fuch car or carriage, on any part of the (aid road; and if any driver, or other perfon (hall hinder, or refufe to permit fuch colledor, or fuch other perfon. to meafure the wheels of any fuch carriage, and (hall be convided thereof upon the oath of any one credible witnefs, before any juftice of the peace, every fuch perfon fo offending, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the faid car, or other car* rage, and the horfe and horfes, or other beafts drawing the fame, and the goods thereon, by warrant under the hand and fcal of fuch juftice, rendering the overplus, if any, after dc-duding the faid fine, and the expences of fuch diftrefs and fale, to the owner on demand.

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever owning, renting, or occupying any land neat unto any pay-gate eftablifhed of ereded, or to be ereded in purfuance of this ad, (hall for gain, reward, or otherwife, knowingly or willingly permit any perfon or perfons whatfoever to pafs through any gate, paflage, or way, with any horfe, bead, cattle, or carriage, liable to toll oa paffing through any pay-gate on the faid road, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, aod b« thereof convided, upon the oath of any one credible witnefr, before any juftice of the peace, every fuch perfoa (hall forfeit- the fi’rn of ten (hillings for every fuch offence, to be levied by diilreib and fale of fuch offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, the charges in taking and difpofing of the laid goods being firft deduded.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall bclaw-

int»treasurer ^ ^or ^a,'d commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, ^Therein! to aPP0,n* a treafurer, at a yearly falary not exceeding twenty pounds, and as they (hall fee occafion to remote him, and appoint another perfon in his (lead, and to take from every perfon whom they (hall appoint, fuch fecurityai they (hall think proper for his duly accounting for and paying all money which he (hall receive as trealurer, and for depoliting die fame, from time to time, in fuch manner

Tensity on owner* of foods permit ling periods to pafo through the fame to avoid paying toll.

Commiffi-oniri may ap-

Digitized by

Google

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

ncr as they, or any feven or more of them fhall, from time to time, dired, in the bank of Ireland, or in any other bank.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That the treafurer fhall attend the meetings of the faid diredors as often as he fhall be thereunto required by any one or more of them,	meeting*,

and fhall keep fuch books of account, and in fuch manner as any three of the faid diredors fhall, from time to time order, and that it fhall be lawful for any three of the faid diredors to difmifs any treafurer from his office, who fhall negled to give fuch attendance, or to keep fuch books, or to give any information which may be required of him re-fpeding his receipts and payments as treafurer, or to depofit the whole, or any part of the balance in his hands in the bank, as often as he fhall be ordered fo to do by any three of the faid diredors.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the faid diredors refpedively, or any three or more of them, to appoint as many colledorsas fhall be neceflary for receiving the tolls at the pay-gate *, at fuch falary or wages as fhall be approved of by them, not exceeding the rate of twenty pounds per annum for each; and every fuch collector fhall pay the monies by him colleded or received to the treafurer appointed by the faid commiffioners, once at leafl in every month, and as much oftener as he fhall be theie-unto required by any of the faid diredors or commiffioners, or by the fupervifor, and fhall alfo upon oath, if thereunto required by the faid treafurer, or by any of the faid directors or commiffioners, which oath any one of the faid directors or commiffioners is hereby empowered to adminifler, give in, from time to time, a true, exad, and perfed account in writing of all monies by him colleded or received by virtue of this ad, or by reafon of his faid employment ; arid if any Inch colledor fhall refufe or omit fo to do, and fhall be thereof convided, upon the oath of any one credible witnefs, before any juflice of the peace, it fhall be lawful for fuch juftice to commit fuch colledor to gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he fhall give in fuch account upon oath, and pay all fuch monies as he fhall have received for the faid diredors by virtue of this ad.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded.

That the faid diredors, or any three of them, may, if they leafed or farm-think fit, and they are hereby empowered, on fourteen days C£*» notice being given in any two Dublin papers for that pur-pofe, to leafe or farm by the year, for any time not exceeding three years, nor lefs than one year, the tolls by this ad

M 2	payable

Tolls may be

tBo

Tie thirtieth Tear 9/ George III.

A. D.	payable, to any perfon or perfons at or for the largeft yearlf

1790.	fum that can be got for the fame ; provided always, that they

Chap. 44. be fet by public cant, and that the agreement be put into writing, and ffgncd by the party taking the fame, and that the money be made payable monthly, and that proper fccu-ritybe given for the regular payment thereof, and that ond month be paid in advance, and that every fuch agreement be approved of, and figned by three at lead of the faid direc* . tors prefent at fuch cant.

Power* to col- XXVII. - nd be it further enaded, That every perfon . leevori appoint,	appointed to receive ihc toll at any pay-gate on the faid

ed by perfont	road, by ar.y perfon or perfons taking the Tame by ieafe,

(hall have all and fingular the like powers and authorities, and be fubjed to, and under all and fingular the like regulations, penalties, and redridions, as any collector appointed by the faid director* can, or (hall have, or be fubjed to by virtue of this ad, except as to paving the tolls colleded to the treafurer, and accounting for the fame to him, or to the ditedors or commiflioners;

Colle&orof- XXVIII. And be it further enaded, That if any col-fending » here- ledor or toll-gatherer, whether appointed by the faid diin, to i eit 5 . re£or8> or by any perfon taking any of the tolls by leafe or contrad, or any perfon ading as fuch, (hall permit any carriage, horfe, or bead whatfoever, to pafs through any pay-gate without payment of the toll, payable for the fame by virtue of this ad, ora proper certificate, as before di-reded, being produced therewith, and fhall omit to feize fuch car, carriage^ or bead, or dial] delay to proceed to have the penalties levied as the law direds for fuch offence, or (hall omit to detain any car, cart, or other carriage, and prevent the paffing through the gate, after notice (hall be given to him that the driver thereof has obdruded the execution of this ad in any refped* every perfon fo offending (hall, upon convidion thereof before any one juitice of the peace, forfeit the fum of five pounds, and on non-pay^-ment thereof, fhall be committed, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch judipe, to the common gaol, or houfe of corredion, there to remain without bail or main-prize for any time not exceeding fix months* or until the faid fine be paid.

%1ien diret- XXIX. And be it further enaded. That whenever, and tors think it ex- as often as the faid directors fhall think it expedient to form new llne^of1 ^ a ncw ^ne roa^ between any two-points of the prefent roads, they are turnpike road from the city of Kilkenny to the town of to proceed as Clonmell, and thence to the bounds of the county of Cork, herein.	for the purpofe of (hortening the didance, or avoiding hills,

or for the greater convenience of travellers, it (hall be lawful for them to depofitc, or caufe to be depofited with the

' treafurer

Map, &c.

The fortieth Tear of George III.

treafurer of the county through which fuch new road (hall be propofed to be made* a map thereof, with a declaration thereon, figned by three of the laid directors at the leaft, fetting forth their determination to lay out fuch new road of the breadth of fixty feet in the clear, and diftinguifhing the feveral town lands and baronies ^hrough which the fame is to be made, and exprdfing the number of perches in length that fuch new road is intended to be carried through each town-land, and they lhall alfo depofite, or caufe to be de-polittd with fuch treafurer an affidavit or affidavits, fetting forth, that a copy of fuch declaration has been polled up on the door of the county court-houfe, and that a like copy has been perfonally ferved on, or left at the houfe of every occupier of the ground through which fuch new road is intended to be made, or in cafe the refidence of any occupier of any part of fuch ground (hall not be known to the faid direddors, then that a like notice has been fixed up in a conspicuous manner on fuch part of fuch ground, and on the toll-gate of the road nearell thereto.

XX And be it further enabled, That ever}’ treafuret to whom fuch map, declaration, and affidavit or affidavits to be kept as ffiall be delivered, lhall keep the fame open for the infpec- hcrc‘ln* tion of all perfons whom the fame may concern, and lhall lay the fame before the court at the next affizes held for fuel) county, as the land lhall be in through which fuch road lhall be intended to be made, together with his certificate, tclhifying upon oath the day he received the fame.	:

XXXI. And Jbe it further enaAed, That if it lhall ap- Owners of pear by filch certificate, that fuch map, declaration, and lands aggrieved affidavit or affidavits, ffiall have been dcpolited with fuch Procce<l ** treafurer twenty-one days before the firft day of fuch crciu* affizes, the faid declaration (hall be read in open court, and if any owner or occupier of the ground through which fuch new road is to be made, lhall think himfclf or herfelf aggrieved thereby, in refpedl to fuch ground, fuch owner or occupier may traverfe the fame for damages, by entering a traverfe thereto with the clerk of the crown for damages at the fame affizes, which traverfe lhall be tried at the fame affizes, unlcfs good and fufficient caufe fiiall be ffiewn upon oath for not trying it, then in which cafe it lhall be tried at the affizes next immediately enfuirg, and every fuch traverfe ffiall be entered and tried in like manner, and like fecurity be given for profccuting the fame, as is ufual in the cafe of a traverfe of a prefentment of a grand jury for laying out and making a new road.

XXXII. And be it further enabled, That the jury who Jury to give Hull try acv fuch traverfe, fhujl true verdict give, whether verdift whether

nnv any, and whut an>» damages. Sec.

fSf

1

full,

l£' siff'.

j»t *

i,

& l -i

r i# l ’

fmm

Nilv*1

r V K

Digitized hyj

Power* of di«

redoes &c-

Vficrt rood altered, map of part difcootinu-ed co be depofited with treafurer, 6cc.

No preferment for keep-

g open u h irtof ro-d, c :pt as herein.

The thirtieth fear of George Ilf.

any, and what damages will accrue to the perfon taking fuch traverfe, by fuch new road being made, which verdia /hall be conclufive to fuch traverfer, and upon the fum fo fpund for damages being paid to fuch traverfer, or depo-fited with the county treafurer for his or her ufe, and upon all fuch damages as (hall be found upon each traverfe, which may be tried, being fo pai^ or depofited, or upon verdi&e found againil the traverfere, or upon each traverfe which may have been entered being withdrawn, or not tried purfuaAt to this ad, or upon no traverfe being entered, it (hall be lawful for the faid diredors, or any three of them, or fuch perfero# as they (hall appoint, to proceed to lay out and make fuch new road, without the interruption of any perfon whatever

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded, That the laid di* redors, fupeTvifdrs, collectors, and all other perfons (hall have all and fmgular the fame powers and authorities, and the fike regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, (hall affed and extend to every part of any new road laid out by the faid diredors, as are provided or enaded with re-fped to any part of the prefent road, and that every fuch map, declaration, and affidavit, (hall be preferved among the records of the county with the treafurer of the faid county.

X\X1V. And be it further enaded. That in all cafes where the faid diredors (hall alter the prefent road, by tak-' ing off any unncceffary angles, or making a new line of road, they (hall caufe a map of fuch parts of the prefent road as (hall in confcqucnce thereof be difeontinued by them as part of the turnpike road for the ufe of travellers, to be depofited with the treafurer of the county in which fuch parts (hall be fituate ; and if the grand jury of fuch county (hall not within eight months from the time fuch map (hall be fo depofited, prefent fuch parts to be kept open as a public road, every fuch part of the faid old road as (hall not be fo prefented (hall be, and is hereby declared to be vetted in the faid direct ore for the benefit of the faid road, and and (hall and may be fet or fold by the faid directors, or any three pf them, and the rent or money arifing therefrom, (hall be applied by them towards payment of the rents or pur-chafe of fuch grounds as they may think proper to take by yearly rent, or to purchafe for any of the purpofes herein before mentioned.

XXXV.	Provided always, That no fuch presentment for keeping open any fuch part of the prefent road (hall be made by any grand jury, except upon an affidavit of two credible perfons, who can read and write, Setting forth that fuch part

* of



tfigitized by

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

of the road is neceflary to be kept open, as a public fo*d for the convenience of travellers-

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That if at any

time thereafter the grand jury of fuch county (hall pre-fent the fame to be flopped up, it (hall be immediately thereupon, and is hereby declared to be veiled in the faid Prcfcnt faxnc l® directors, without any further a& done on their behalf, as	bevelled

fully as if \\\e fame never had been prefenfed to be kept ^ diredtorw open.

XXXVII.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall be Road to be lawful for the grand juries of fuch county, at any affizes, widened as to prefent any part of the faid road, within their refpec*

five counties, to be widened to the width of fixty feet, upon the requell of three of the directors in writing* and an affidavit, f\yorn before npy two juftices of the peace for fuch county, or before the court, by any two credible per-fons, that the part of the road fq reqqefted to be widened ia not of the width of (ixty feet.

XXXVIII.	Provided always. That if the owner or oc- if owner* &c,

cupier of the land where the faid road is to be widened as aggrieved, may aforefaid, (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by fuch tt***rfe for da-prefentment, it (hall be lawful for fuch perfon to traverfe	** •

the fame at the fame affizes for damages, and fuch traverfe (hall be tried then or at the next enfuing affizes ; and upon all datpages which (hall be found by the jury who (hall try fuch traverfe, being paid to the fraverfer, or depofited with the county treafurer for his or her ufe, it (hall be lawful for the faid dire&ors to proceed in widening the fame, purfuant to the faid presentment, without the interruption of any perfon whatfoever.

XXXIX.	And whereas the tolls to be colle&cd on the Dircaprs ro faid turnpike-road will not be fufficient to anfwer the feveral raife400CI for charges thereon, and to repair and widen the faid road, and *cPai.rin?»

f jrm fuch new lines of road as may be neceffary : he it eft m herein, further enadled, That any three or more of the faid direc-. tore (hall and may, and are hereby empowered, from time to time, as occafion (hall require, to raife and borrow fuch fum and fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of four thoufand pounds llerling, as they (hall judge neceflary towards repairing and widening the faid road, or forming new lines of road in the place and dead of any part thereof, and defraying all charges which may be incurred by virtue of this a&, and \\\zX for all fuch fums. fo to be borrowed, bills entitling the bearers to the amount of the fums therein fpecified (hall be iflued, and (igned by the treafurer for the time being, and figned by and fealed with the feals of three or more of the faid directors, and that fuch bills (hall bear fuch intereft from the date thereoif, as (hall be

agreecj

A.

183

D.

1790. Chap. 44.

If grand jury

ff intereft be unpaid as here* in, 1. chancellor may appoint a receiver.

ToUsto be applied as hi rein.

The thirtieth Tear o/*George III.

agreed upon between the {aid dire&ors and the lender or lenders; not exceeding the legal rate of intereft by their un-dred by the year, and that for fuch fum as (hall hereafter be borrowed by the faid dire&ora as aforefaid, there {hall be paid by the treafurcr for the time being, by and with the order and direction of three or more of the faid dire&ors, on every firft day of May, and every firft day of November, after the refpe&ive dates of fuch bills, to the holders thereof, out of the produce-of the tolls of the faid rOad, fuch intereft as (hall be fo agreed upon in full to the (aid days fo appointed for the payment of fuch intereft, without any fee or charge whatsoever, and free front all dedu&ions, defalcations, and abatements, until the principal fums therein itientioned be refpe&ively paid at one payment, and that all fuch bills as (hall be fo iflued and figned fhafl be numbered in arithmetical progreflion, beginning with number one, until the whole thereof (hall be numbered ; provided that no fuch bill (hall be iflued for lefs than fifty pounds, or for more than one hundred pounds.

XL. And be it further enabled, That if any part <f the faid intereft, (half be behind or unpaid by the faid treafurcr for the fpace of feven days after any of the days fo appointed for the payment thereof, the lord chancellor, orlonl keeper, or cotnmiflioners of the great feal, may upon a petition and affidavit appoint a receiver to receive fo much of the tolls of the (aid road as may be necefTary to pay fuch intereft, and the receiver's fees, and all reafonable cofts attending fuch application, or may make fuch order'for fequef-tcring the tolls for the payment thereof, a^to joftice ftiall pertain.

XLI. And be it further enabled, That the tolls of the feveTal gates on the faid road, fhall be applied in difeharge of the intereft to arife upon fuch debentures as fhall be if-fued for the faid fum of four thou fa nd pounds, or any part thereof, and that the faid dire&ors, or any three or more of them, may expend from time to time fuch fums of'money as (hall be received by the treafurers in the payment of the faid treafurer's falary, appointed as aforefaid, in cre&ing or repairing gates and tdl-houfes, fixing tables of the tolls, and fixing and lighting proper lanips <at each gate, in cre&ing mile ftones, mile-pofts, and direction-pofts, paying toil collectors and fupervifors in the cxpences of furveyg and valuations for widening, and in widening the faid road, and fencing it where widened, in forming new fines of road, and paying all cofts attending the fame, in draining, forming, and gravelling, drafting, cleaning, or repairing thfe faid road, and in rendering it more convenient for travellers, according to their diiOretion, and in laying up mate-• "	:	-*; -• ’ rials

Digitized by

Google

The thirtieth Tear of George HI

rials in convenienr places for repairing breaches in the^wlnter feafon.

'XJL.1I. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the

expenditure of all fuch money, (hall be accountable for upon

oath before the faid dire&ors, whiqh oath any of the (aid Expenditure

direCtors or commiflioners is hereby empowered to adminif- moneytohe r .r .	t	.	.	•	. • ,	C	accounted for

ter, fpecuying	the	particular manner	in which	every part of

it (hall Iiave been expended, and fuch aqcouqt (hall be lai{l

before the faid commiflioners, together with a copy of all

orders of expenditure made by the faid dire&ors, by being

depofited with their treafurer, once at the lead in every

three months, and as much oftener as the faid jcommifiioner$,

or any feven or more of theqa (hall require.

XLIII. And be it further enadlcd, That itihall be law- Dire6tors may ful for the faid direftore, or any three or more of them, to purchafe, ficc. purchafe all fuch ground, houfe or houfes> as may be necef-	c

fary for widening tlje faid road, or making new roads in place of any parts of the prefent road, or for depoflting materials for repairing the fame, or laying up the ferapings and cleaning thereof.

XL1V. And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon >ny perfon to whom the expenditure of any of the faid money (hall be entrufted with entrufted by the faid directors, (hall not account for fo much as he (hall have expended of the fame in manner herein, aforefafd, within one month after he (hall be thereunto required by any one of the faid dire&ors, or of the faid commiflioners, he (hall forfeit double the fum which he (hall be fo required to account for, and upon non-payment thereof, fhall be committed by warrant, under the hand and feal of thejuflice before whom he (hall beconvi&ed, upon the oath of any one credible witnefs, to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, theie to remain until the faid forfeiture be paid.

XLV. And be it further enaCtcd, That every perfon ap- Supervifor to pointed fupervifor of the faid road, (hall once in every return upon month return to the faid dire&ors an account on oath of the oatb the (late nf

ftate of the road, the condudt of the gate-keepers and herein^ 3

overfeers, workmen and labourers, fo far as the fame (hail have fallen within his obfervation, whether the tickets given to cars, carts, or other carriages palling through any of the pay-gates thereon, which he has examined, have been conformable to this a&, or wherein they have differed, what nuifanccs, encroachments, or offences againft this act he has found or obferved refpe&ing the faid road, what fteps he has taken to remove or remedy them, what penalties he has levied* 2ud the feveral days on	he	has infpe&cd the

faid road, acd what part thereof he has infpe&ed on each day.	.	‘

XLV I. And

mtm

4-Mi

§w

in 1

digitized by

Google

Supcrvifor may repair brc^chei, Sec. at herein. .

Perfont ap-x>inted to make oad, may raife TarcJ, Sec.

Perrons not authorized, fcouricp, See. penalty as herein.

Matters not to be done on or near the road.

The thirtieth Year of George III.

XLVI. And be" it further ena&ed, That every fupervifor (hall have power to repair any fudden breaches or holes which he may have oblerved in any part of the faid road, firft receiving an order for the puipofe from any two of the (aid directors, and the expence thereof (hall be laid before the directors at their next meeting, and upon their approving thereof, and his making oath of the expenditure, and fpecifying the particulars thereof, they, or any three or more of them, may order the faid expencea to be paid by the treafurer.

XLVI1. And be it further ena&ed, That every perfon appointed by any three or more of the faid dire&ors to make, gravel, tepair, or fuperintend the faid road, or any part of it, (hall have full power and authority to dig for, fearch, raife, and carry away any gravel, (tones, fand, or other materials which may be wanted for the ufe of the faid road, and to make drains in order to carry off water from, or prevent its injuring the faid road, on or through the lands of any perfon, not being a deer-park, orchard, haggard, yard, planted lawn, or avenue to a manfion-houfe, and that every fuch perfon fo appointed (hall make fatisfac-tion to the owners or occupiers of the land for the damage that may be done thereby, in like manner, and under the like regulations as is, are, or (hall be ena&ed with refpe& to damages done by ovcrfecre appointed by the prefentments of gitmd juries.

XLVIII. And whereas it is neceffary for the further management of the faid road, that the drains along either fklc thereof (hould be under the controul of the faid dire&ors : J>e it further ena&ed, That if any perfon (hall fcour, deepen, fill up, br widen apy drain or ditch on the fide of any part of the faid road, without the order of the faid directors, or any three of them, it (hall be lawful for any of the faid dire&ors to caufe the fame to b: filled up, or fcoured, as the cafe may be, according to his diferetion, and to levy the expence thereof by diftrefs and fale qf the goods of fuch perfon.

XL1X. And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon (hall build any houfe, or part of a houfe, within forty feet of the centre of the faid road, except in a corporate or borough town, or (hall build any wall, or make any ditch, within thirty feet of the centre of the faid road, or fhaif make or have any paffage or way from the (aid road into the lands adjoining, without placing a gutter or arch underneath fuch way or paffage, as deep as the drain or ditch over which it is or (hall be made, fo as to allow all water which may at any time be therein full room to pafs, or (hall bum, or permit or fuffer to be burned, on his or her land, I	bricks.

#

*- - Bigiti; Google

/

The thirtieth Year %f George III.	187

bricks or weeds, or vegetable fubdance, for afhes, within A. D. one hundred feet of the centre of the faid road, 1790. every fuch perfon (hall fur every fuch offence, upon convic- Chap. 44.

tion thereof, by the oath of one credible witneis, before any------------

juftice of the peace, or upon the view of fuch juflice, forfeit the fum of five pounds ; and if any perfon (hall keep, or have in his or her poffeflion, any cur-dog, malt iff, or bull dog, at any heufe within fifty yards of the faid road, without a block of wood of five pounds weight at the leaft faltened to the neck of every fuch dog, or fhall winnow, or lay out for winnowing any corn on the faid road, or fhall lay any draw, dung, or rubbifh thereon, or fhall fcrape the fame, or fhall lay the fcouring or earth of any ditch or drain on the faid road, and let it be there for moie than the fpace of twenty-four hours, or fhall leave on any part of the fame, between enclofure and enclofure, or permit to be left thereon, oppofite or near to his or her houfe, any carriage wrhatfoever, or any plough or harrow7, without the horfe or horfef, or other bealt or beads being harntffed thereto, unlefs fuch carriage as fhall be accidentally broken down there, and cannot be removed without repair; or if any perfon fhall fpread out any linen blanket or winnow cloth within one hundred feet of tne centre of the faid road, or fhall beat or dry any flax, or leave any timber, flones, fand, clay, lime, or other matter, on the laid road, except for the ufe of the laid road, or fhall leave, or permit to be left, the carcafe of any horfe, or other bead, or fhall fkin the fame, or permit it to be fkinntd on the faid road, or within one hundred yards of the centre thereof, except in a hp.ufe or yard enclofed with walls, or fhall lead or drive any car or carriage with timber, boards, or iron, laid acrofs, fo as that either end thereof fhall piojebi beyond the w heels or lides of the carriage, or lhall drag any timber or mill dones along any part of the faid road, without being fupported by wheels from touching the fame, or fhall erebt any fign-poft, or may-pole, or maybufh, on any part of the faid road, every perfon fo offending, fh ;11 for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, upon convibtion before any juflice of the peace, by the oath of one credible witnefs, or upon the view of fuch julKcc.

L. And be it further enacted. That ail dung, dirt. All dur.cr laid draw, rubbifh, dones, gravel, fand, or lime, which fhall on roa*i hifeit-be laid on the faid road, fhall be, and is hereby declared to C(,*> &c-be forfeited to the faid directors, and to be their foie pio-perty, and fhall be fold by them, or any of them, for the ufe of the faid road, or otherwife difpoied of by their, as they fhall think fit, and that if any perfon not authorized

by

I

Ponifliment i. herein.

Penalty for

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

by the faid diredors, Hi all draw away any part thereof, fuch perfon (hall be deemed to have felonioufly (lolen the fame, and fhall be profccuted and pumfticd as any perfon felo-tfioufly dealing like goods being the private property of another.

LI. Provided always, That no fuch perfon (hall be fen-tenced to death or tranfportation, or otner punifhment than fine, iraprifonment, or whipping for the fame. ,

LII. And be it further enaded, That for every car-load

•Tlaxdiftnthe^ fcourin£ or eart^ thrown out of sjny .drain or ditch on 011 c the faid road, which (hall have remained thereon twejity-four'hours, and which Audi be drawn away by the faid directors, or their order, the owner or occupier of the land which fuch drain or ditch divides from the Arid road, fhaTl forfeit the fum of one (hilling for every Jay the fame dial! have remained thereon, upon convidiou in manner aforc-faid.

LIU. .And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may Kid on the road ^ lawfu^ &>r every perfon whatfoever, to take and carry

forfeited.

Walls built as herein may be foiled down,

away, and convert to his or her own ufe, any covn W'hich (hall be laid on the faid road for the purpofe of being winnowed, or (hall be winnowing thereon, or remain thereoa after being winnowed, together.with the facks or winnowing cloths wherein the fame may happen to be, and alfo all timber which (hall be left on any part of the faid road, and (hall have remained theieon for feven days, not having been brought or kept there by order of the faid director?, or tor . the ufe of the faid road, without the let, fuit, trouble, or hindrance of any perton whatfoever.

LIV. And be it further enabled. That it (hall and may be lawful for the fupervifors of the faid road, or any of them, to pull down, or fill up, and level any wall, drain, or ditch, which (hall be built or made, or began to be hydt and made after the palling of this ad, upon any part of the faid ro^cl, or within thirty feet of the centre of the faid road, and to take up any vtfay or paflage from the.faid road into any field or land adjoining, which may obdrud the free patfage of water, and to remake the fame by bnilding. a gutter or fewer, or arch therein, at a fufiicient depth, and to fcour and clear away all obftrudions which may happen to be made in any drain for carrying away water from the faid road, or for preventing its injuring the fame, and to pull down and remove any fign-polt which (hall be ereded contrary to this ad, firft obtaining a warrant under the hand and feal of any magiftrate, or any of the diredors or com-miflioners for fo doing, and to levy the expence thereof, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender, or of the owner or occupier of the land wherein fuch way, paffhge, or

drain

I

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

i

drain (hall be, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner on demand.

LV. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the grand jury at any affixes or quarter feflions, to prefent any houfe, or part of ahoufe, or lime-kiln, to be pulled down, which (hall be built contrary to this aft, within their county, and that the cxpences of fo doing, be levied off the goods and chatties of the offender ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon to kill any dog which (hall be kept contrary to this ad, without beingfuedor profecut-ed for fo doing.

LV1. And be it further enaded, That if any fupervifor lhall omit to apply for any fuch warrant for forty eight hours after he fhall be informed, or have feen any of the faid offences or matters, or having obtained fuch warrant, (hall omit for forty-eight hours to execute the fame, unlefs prevented by the feverity of weather, or fhall omit to apply at the next enfmng feffions or affizes for fuch preferment as aforefaid, or (hall delay or negled to feize, profecute for, and levy any of the penalties for offences againft this ad, which fhall come or happen within his knowledge, view, or information, he fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch omiflion, delay, or negled* upon convidion thereof, before any juftice of the peace, upon the oath of any one credible witnefs*

LVII. And be it further enaded, That if the driver or perfon in care of any car, cart, dray, or waggon, or carriage. fhall ride upon the fame on any part of the faid road, not having fome other perfon on foot or on horfcback to guide the fame, fuch carriages as are refpedively drawn by one horfe only, or two horfes a-breaft with bridles in their mouths, and are conduded by fome perfon holding the reins of fuch bridles excepted, or if the driver or perfon in care of any carriage, fhall by negligence or wilful rnifbchaviour, hinder, obflrud, or interrupt the pafiage of any other carriage, or any of his Majefty’s fubjeds on the faid road, or if the driver or perfon in care of any empty or unloaded car, cart, or other carriage, fhall refufe or negled to turn afide, and to make way for any coach, chariot, chaife, loaded waggon, cart, car, dray, or other loaded carriage, every fuch perfon being convided thereof by his own coniefiion, or by the oath of any one credible witnefs before any juftice of the peace, fhall for every fuch offence, if fuch offender be not the owner of fuch carriage, forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, and if fuch offender fhall be the owner of fuch carriage, he (hall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, and every fuch offender (hall upon non-payment thereof, be committed

Grand jury w pi efent as herein.

Supeivifot. omitting, a-s herein, forfeit 5I for every omnli on.

Penalty cm

drivers of can, 5c c. offending as heron.

190

A. D.%

i79°. Chap. 44.

Penalty on refilling an officer.

Diredors not to accept of comt'oution for tolls.

Books, ficc. to be delivered up as herein.

Monies, Sec. to be handed over to trnfiecs hereby appointed

Tie tUrtietb Tear of Gforge III. '

by fuch juft ice to the gaol, or houfe of corredion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one mouth, or until the faid fine be paid, and every fuch offender or per-fon in care of fucli carriage, offending in any of the faid cafes, may by the authority of this act, and without any other warrant, be apprehended by any perfon who (hall fee fuch offence Committed, and conveyed or delivered to a coo-ftable or other peace officer to be conveyed before forae juft ice of the peace.

LV1II. And be it further enacted* That'in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall refufe or make forcible oppofition again ft any perfon or perfons employed in the due execution of ttxis ad, or (hall affault any colledor of the tolls in the execution of his or their office or offices, or (hall make, or attempt to make any refeue of cattle, carriage, or other goods diftrained or feized by virtue of this ad, or if any conftable or fub-conftable (hall refufe or negled to execute any warrant granted by any juftice, or by any commiffioner or diredor purfuant to the diredions of this ad, every fuch perfon offending therein, and being convided thereof before any juftice of the peace, by bis or her own confeffion, or by the oath of one credible witnefs, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit any fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor kfs than forty (hillings, at the diferetion of fuch juftice, and io cafe tfye fame (hall not immediately be paid, fuch juftice is hereby empowered and required to commit fuch offender to the common gaol, or houfe of corredicfn, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, unlets the faid forfeiture (hall be fooner paid.

LIX. And be it further enaded. That it (hall not be lawful for the faid diredors, or any of them, to make or accept of any compofition with or from any perfon whatfoever, for any of the tolls to be paid by virtue of this ad.

LX. And be it further enaded, That the truftees, com-miffioners, treafurer, clerk, and all perfons ading under or by virtue of the faid ads hereby repealed,' (hall deliver upon demand by any two or more of the faid diredors, all books, papers, maps, and accounts refpeding the faid road.

LX1. And be it further enaded. That all monies which (hall have arifen, or may arife by virtue of the faid recited ads, or either of them, hereby repealed, and (hall be payable to the truftees thereby appointed, or be in their hands, or in the hands of their treafurer, together with all fecuri-tiea for money due, or to be due to them as truftees of laid road, (hall be paid and handed over by them or their feerc-tary to the treafurer who (hall be appointed by virtue of this ftd, and all fuch monies (hall be applied towards the purpofc*

0

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

191

of this aft, in fuch manner as the faid diredors, or any three A. D. or more of them, (hall think proper, and that any agreement 1790. or leafe for fetting the tolls of the faid road, or any part Chap. 44. thereof, which may be made after the firft day of March, one thoufand fcven hundred and ninety, by the truftees appointed by the faid ads, or either of them, (hall be null and void.

LXTI. And be it further enaded, That all fines, penal- ^ow ^r\e*£rc ties, and forfeitures, impofed for any offence committed t0 c CV1C * C‘ againft this ad, the manner of levying and applying which is not herein particularly direded, (hall and may be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of the juftice before whom the offender (hall be convided, by the oath of one credible wit-nefs, or his or her own confeffion ; and in cafe of nonpayment thereof, or of any fine or penalty which (hall be impofed by the authority of this ad, the offender (hall be committed by fuch juftice, by warrant under his hand and feal, to the common gaol, or houfe of corredion, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, or until the faid fine, forfeiture, or penalty be paid ; and every fuch fine, forfeiture, or penalty, when paid, (hall be applied by the faid diredors, in aid of the tolls, towards the ufes of the road, and in rewarding the informer, or parties conviding, and the conftable3, or other perfons afiifting, or partly in one and partly in the other of the faid ways, as to the faid diredors, or any four of them, (hall feem proper.

LX11I. And be it further enaded, That every juftice of Oaths andaf-the peace (hall have power within his jurifdidion to admi- fomationj. nifter all oaths which are hereby required or direded, or which may be necelfary for the purpofes of thistid; and if any perfon (hall take or fubferibe any oath or affirmation pseferibed or empowered to be taken by virtue of, or in pur-iuance of this ad, or for the purpofes of carrying this ad into execution, and (hall wilfully affirm, or fwear falfely therein, every fuch perfon (hall, upon convidion, fuffer the pains and penalties enaded againll perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LXIV. And be it further enaded, That in all cafes where Affinnition of an oath is preferibed or mentioned in this ad, the affirmation a quaker to be of the party, if he or (he be a quaker, (hall and may be taten* made or taken in the place of fuch oath.

LXV. And be it further enaded, That where any dif- Diftrefs not trefs (hall be made for any fum or fums of money to be levied unlawful for by virtue of this ad, the diftrefs itfelf (hall not be deemed want *own' unlawful, nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed

7he thirtieth TeaKof Gfbrgelll.

ed atrefpaffcr or trefpallbH on’accoont of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto* nor (hall the party or parties diftraining be deemed a trefpafler or tref-paffers, ah initio, on account of any irregularity which fhalt be afterwards done by the pirty or parties diftraining* Tjut th^perfon or perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity, may' recover full fatisfaftion for the fpecial damages in an aftron ^on the cafp.

ApabHc Uft. r LXVI. And be it Airther enafted, That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a piiblic aft, aod be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juiUces, and other perfons wbatfoever, without fpecudly pleading’ the fame.

C H A P. XLV.

An' A3 for reviving and continuing fever at Temporary Statutes.

Quarantine a£t 11 G. 3. made perpetual.

Aaai

O. 3. for relief

ePfteriffvinide

perpetual.

10. 3. for preventing fraud* in drugs, fice. made papetual.

IX. AND be it further enacted, That an act palled JLx. in the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An a3 to oblige Jhips more cjfcdually to perform quarantine, and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Ireland, and to hinder the fpreadsng of infedion, be, and the fame is hereby made perpetual.

X.	And be it further enafted, That an act palTed in the twenty-firft and twenty-fecond years of his prefent Majcfty, entitled, An ad for the relief of Jheriffs, from whom prtfonerx in execution for debt Jhall efcape in their removal, by virtue of writs of habeas corpus, in fuch cafes where Jhertffs Jhall appear to have been guilty of no negled or default, be, and the fame^s hereby made perpetual.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That an aft palled in the firll year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad for preventing frauds in the vending, preparing, and admlhijlertng drugs ana medicines, be, and the fame is hereby made perpetual.

Tfce thirtieth Tear ofGeorge III.

CHAP. xlvi:s

w

A. 1), i ^90.

vf/? for improving apdrepairing the Turnpike Roail lending Amended 31 from Kinncgad to Athlone.	G	c	^9.	3*

• G 3. c. 46,

VI/'HERE AS the prefent law-3 arc Jafufficfent -for ^ * keeping the faid road in repair: be it enaded by the king’s mo(I excellent Mujefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual ai>d tempoial, and commons in this prefent parliamt'nt aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That an act patted in the fevemh year of the reign of his late Majdly King George the te-cond, entitled, An aQ for repainpg the road leading from the town of Kinncgad, in the conn y of^ejlnieath, to the town of Athlon:, in the faid county; and alfo an ad patted in ^hc third year of his prefent Majdly\j reign, *£niitled, /in a (I for reviving, continuing, ond amending an all faffed in the fsventh year of the reign of his late Majejly King George the Jecond, entitled, An aft for repairing the road leading from the town of Kinnegad, in the county of Wijhn.eath, to the town of Athlon:, in the faid county, be, and the fame are hereby-repealed, and made mill and void, except Inch parts tncreof as repeal any ad or ads therein refpedively recited.

II. And be it further enaded, That the earl of Beh-c-dere, lord baron Kilmain, the honourable George Frederick Nugent, commonly called lord vifeount Dciv'in, the honourable Robert Rochfort, the rij^ht honourable lir Lucius.

O’Brien, William Smyth, efquire, William Mandcock, efquire, fir Richard St. George, baronet, Gudavus Hand-' cock Temple, efquire, fir Edward Crofton, baronet,

George Clibborn, efquire, Robert Garden, efquire, James Middleton Berry, efquire, the honourable James Browne,

Francis Longwortlj, efquire, Charles Sterne, efquire, Mr. ‘

Anthony Robinfon, Thomas Lloyd, efquire, William Jo^es, Marcus Tuite, captain Drought of Moatgrenoge,

Samuel Lowe, efquire, William Medgely, efquire, reverend Thomas Faulkner^ Samuel W. Handy, efquire, WiK liam Fleetwood, efquire, Thomas Cooke, efquire, Mr.

William Sproule, Francis Faulkner, fenior, efquire, Francis Faulkner, junior, efquire, Mr. John Copperthwafte, Mr^

John Adamfon, George Lambert, efquire, Guftavus Koch-fort, efquire, Thomas Fa;ce, efquire, Peter Marfh, efquire, Hartley Hodfon, efquire, John Clibhorne, efquire,

Jofhua Clibborn, efquire, Henry Pilkington, efquire, Tho-f mas Hodfon of Hodfon-Bay, efquire, Abraham Pilking-

\ Vol. IX.	Nv	ton^

Di«Jfti*ed

A. D.

l7 • Chap. 46,

Intsfe acom-xniffio'ner (Wild die, ficc. another to b» etched 45 herein.

Commiflioners

to clcdt hy kal-h>t^5 duc&ors.

In cafe a director (h ou Id die, fee, another to be defied at herein.

7 tommifion-er$ conditute a meeting.

Commiflion-fes may adjourn.

The thirtieth T^ar of George III.

ton, efquire, Lewis Rochford. efquire, fir Robert Hndfim, baronet, Benjamin Smyth, efquire, John Smyth, efquire, David Jones, efquire, John Jones, efquire, Robert Dillon, efquire, Henry Robinfon, efquire, reverend James Elrington,* George Bopning, Meade Dennis, John Lowe, John Rochford, James Nugent, captain Berry, Lofttis Cubbage, "Thomas Robinfon, Henry Rufltll, ar.d James Clarke, be, and they arc hereby appointed commiffiontt 3 of the faid road from, Kinnegadjto Atblone.

III.	And be it further enaded, That whenever any of the faid commiiiioners herein appointed by name (hall happen to die or rclign, it (hall be lawful for the remaining corilmiflioners, or any (Seven or more of them, on the firft Tuefday in any month, to -cled a perfon to be a cpmmiffioner in his (lead, and. (o as often as a vacancy (hall happen, by the death or rt Agnation of any perfon io cfcofen.

IV.	And ba it further enaded, That the frid comm if-Aoncrs (Kali affAble at twelve o’clock at noon, on the firft Monday after the palling of this ad, at the parliament-houfe in the city of Dublin, or in cafe of failure thereof^ on the Monday next fuccecding, and fnall at fuch meeting eled by ballot, from among the faid commiflioners, (ive'Jxr'-fonsto be directors for the fuperintending and managing the faid road, and for tranfa&ing all bufinefs relative to the fame. ’

V.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe of-the death or reflgnation of any director, or in cafe any diredor chofen purfuant tQ this ad, (hall negled or rtfufe to execute his truft, by refufal id writing under his hand and ' leal, or'by not attending at fome one meeting of .the directors, during the firft two months after the palling of this ad, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or any fever/ of them, to choofe by ballot, from among the /aid com-miffioners, one perfon to be a diredor in his place, and, fo as often as the cafe (halt happen, fourteen days pre-‘ ▼ious notice teing given of the meeting in fome public newfpaper, and being, alfo polled on each pay-gate, fpcci-fying that fuch xneetjng is to be held for the ele&iuo of a diredor.

VI.	And be it enaded, That feven commiffioners (hall, be riereflary to conditute a meeting of the laid commif-fionci*, and that the ad of the majority of feven, legally convened, (hall be the ad of, and binding upon the (aid commiffioners.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be

lawful to and for the faid commiffioners to ac|joiirn any meet-

........ ‘

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

m

ing, from time to time, and from place to place contiguous A D. to, or convenient to the faid road.	■ 1790.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted, That it (hall be lawful Chap. 46. to and for any feven of the faid commiflioners, by notice

in writing under their hands, at any time, to call a meet-	ADX 7 °I (*id

ing of the faid commiffiouers, to be held cither in the town of Kinnegad, town of Athlone, town of Moatgtenoge, as herein. Kilbeggan, Tyrrelfpafs, or in fome other convenient place contiguous to the faid road, fuch notice fpecifying the caufe of aflembling the commiflioners, and being polled on the fe-veral gates on the faid road feven days previous to the time appointed for fuch meeting.

IX.	And be it further enaCted, That every director who (hall be elected purfuant to this act, (hall, before he (hall act as fuch, take and fubferibe an oath in the words following, before one of the commiflioners afore-mentionedj who is hereby empowered to adminiller the fame*

I A. B. do fwear^ that 1 will well and truly dif barge the duty of a director of the road, from Kinrjegad to jlthlonc,	*

according to the bejl of my /kill, without favour or malice ; and that I will account faithfully with the commi/Jioners of the fai4, road, for all money received by me as a director 5 and that 1 willy as far as in me lies, endeavour to appoint competent and proper fupervifors of the faid road, to act under the diteflors of the faid road.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the faid directors, or Hinder* t® any three of them, (hall, as foon as they conveniently can choofc fvpcrrl-after they (hall be eleCted and fworn aa aforefaid, meet at I°r£* fomC'place convenient to the faid road, and (hall have power, from time to time, to choofe any proper perfons, not exceeding two in number, to be fupcrvilbrs of the faid road, and to appoint falaries for fuch fupervifors, not exceeding in the whole to any one fupervifor the fum of twenty pounds in the year, and that the number of attendances of every fupervifor chofen purfuant to this aCt, (hall be afeer-tained by the oath of fuch fupervifor, to be taken before any one of the faid directors, which oath the faid directors, or any one of them, are, and is hereby empowered and directed to adminilter, and that any three or more of the faid direClors affembled together (hall* have power, from time to time, to remove any fupervifor at the free will and pleafure of fuch directors, and to appoint other fupervifor or fupervifors in the (lead of fuch fupervifor fo removed ; and in cafe of death or refignation, to appoint other fupervifor or fupervifors in the (tcadf of. fuch fupervifor or: fupervifora fo dying tr reiigning.

N*	XL.	And

; %

jgS *	The thirtieth Tear of George III.

A. D. XI. And be it further ena&ed, That every fupervifcr 1790. who (hall be chofen and appointed by the dire&ors purfu-Ch ap. 46.	ant to this a ft, (hall, before he (hall ad as fuch, take aod

v -x	fubferibe an oath in the words following, to wit;

Snpernfor's / A. B. do folemnly /wear, that I will honeJHy and e£fi-execute the office of a fupervifor of the road from Kin -n0gad to Athhne\ and that I will, according to the befl oA my Jkill and knowledge execute alt lawful orders given to me, ly ibi direflorj of the faid road; and that I will when called upon by the f aid directors, or any three of themt account for alt money which Jhall be confided (0 me by the faid diredorsy or by me rt-. eeived by virtue of this ad,

'	So	help	me	God.

Which oath any three of the faid dire&ors affembled together are hereby empowered and required to adminiderto luch fupervifor

Doties of	XII.	And be it further enacted, That the fupervifors

fupervifprs. fhall as often as required by the faid diredors, 6f any of them, attend on the faid road, knd (hall fee jointly t)r fepa-rately, as (hall be directed, fhat all orders and works directed and ordered by the faid directors, be properly executed and performed, and (hall make Teturna and reports when required, from time to time, to the faid directors, of the ftatv\ nature, and circumftanccs of the faid road, and (hall remove ,	all nuifances, obftmetions, and encroachments on the faid'

rQad, and (hall fuperintend all workmen and Ubourers working and labouring on the faid road, and pay them their wages, but fubjedt to the orders of the faid directors, and each fupervifor (hall keep a book containing a journal of his own proceedings, and (hall attend all meetings* of the faid di-*	redlore	and commiffioners if fo required, and if any fuper-

vifor (hall refirlh or negled to perform his office of fupervi-for as required by this ad, and fhalj be thereof convicted by i the oath of any two or more credible witpeffes before any juft ice of the peace, every fuch fuj>crvifor /hall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch offence, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of fuch fupervifors goods, by warrant under the hand and fealof fuch juftjee, rendering the overplus, if any, to fuch fupervifor.

DJrcaorsmay XIII And be it. further ena&ed. That any three of divide road;	. the faid dire&ors (hall have full power to divide the faid^oad

into two divifions, in fuch manner as they (hall think pro-. per, and to eftablifli or ered,1 or caufe to be ereded, one or more pay-gate or pay-gates upon and acrofs any part or parts of the faid.road, and (hall have power to build, hire, or lent a tollhoufe convenient to every fuch gate, and to de-

.......	roand

The thirtieth Tear of George III.	197

manJ and take in each of the faid divifions, by fuch A. D.

# perfon or oerfons as they or any three or more of them 1790. lhall authorize thereto, the following tolls at every (uch Chap. 46. gate, before any horfe, mare, or gelding, afs, mule, cattle, v^v^J coach, clrariot, landau, phaeton, cabriolet, curricle, chaii'e, toil* to be taken waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, (hall be permitted to ■“ ^ere^n-go through the fame, that is to lay. tor every coach, landau, chariot, chaife, phseton, cabriolet, curricle, or chair, if drawn by fix horfes, or other beads, or by more than fix, the fum of two (hillings and eight pence halfpenny ; if drawn by four or five hovfes, or other beads, the fum of one dulling and feven pence halfpenny ; if drawn by two or three horfes, or other beads, the fum of one (hilling and one penny, and if drawn by one horfe or other bead only, the fum of fix pence halfpenny; for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, timber or other carriage not herein before charged, if the dreaks or dioeing of the wheels thereof, lhall be fet on with counter-funk, flat-headed nails, bolts,

91 ferews, and (hall be four inches or more in breadth, the fum of one penny for every horfe or bead drawing the fame, and if the dreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof (hall be fet on in like manner, and (hall be lefs than four inches, but not lefs than three inches in breadth, the fum of three halfpence for every horfe or other bead drawing the fame, and if the dreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof (hall be fet on in like manner, and (hall be lefs than three inches in breadth, the fum of three pence for every horfe or other bead drawing the fame, and if any of the dreaks or (hoeing of any of the wheels of any fuch carnage (hall be fet on with high or fprig-headed nails, bolts, or ferews, or with any nails, bolts, or ferews, not being counter-funk and flat-headed, the fum of one (hilling for every horfe or other bead: drawing the fame; for every horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, laden or unladen, the fum of one penny; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the fum of twenty pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs number ; for every drove of calves, (beep, lambs, or pigs, the fum of ten pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs number.

XiV. Provided always, That for every car, whofe Toll for cars wheels however narrow they may be, (hall be formed and with wheels put on fo as Jo turn round the axle-tree, and wh&fc axle-	herein,

tree (hall be fixed fo as not to turn round with the wheels, the fum of one penny only, and no more, diall be demanded or taken at any fuch gate, for each horfe or other bealt drawing the fame, if the dreaks or dioeing of fuch wheels be fet on with counter-funk dat-headed nails, bolts, or ferews.	4

' XV. And

The thMeth Tear of George III.

XV.	And be it further enafted, Th^t it (ball be lawful for the faid direftors, or any three or more of them, to ereft a pay-gate or pay gates on the fide of the laid road, ecrofs any lane or way leading out of the (bid road, and to build, hire, or rent's foll-houfe for every fuch gate, and there to demand and receive fuch tolls as are appointed by this aft to be taken at any gate upon the faid road, and that every fuoh gate (HaH be deemed a pay-gate.

XVI.	And be k further enafted, That no perfon (hall be

- Fai<1 hat once* a liable to pay any of the faid tolls more than once in the ' ay'	fame day, with the fame cattle and carriage in the fame df-

▼ifion, but that every * perfon after having paid fuch toll once, may during the remainder of the fame day, every fuch day to be computed from twelve o’clock at night to twelve o’clock the fucceeding night, pafs and re-pafs toll fiee through every pay-gate in the fame divifion, with the fame cattle and carnage for which fuch toll lhall have been ' paid, on producing a ticket denoting the payment of fuch toll, and containing fuch other matters as are herein required refpefting the fame, which ticket every colleftor is required to give gratis on receiving the toll, upon pain of forfeiting five (hillings for every omiflion or refufal, upon conviftion before any iuftfee of the peace of the couuty in which fuch offence (hall be committed, or before any of the fajd com mi (Turners, every of whom are hereby authorized to examine into the fame, and adminiftcr oaths for that pur-pofe.

Tolls levied XVII. And be it further enafted, That if any perlon by diftrefs* (hall refufe to pay the toll payable by him or her in virtue of this aft, it (hall be lawful for the colleftor thereof, or perfon afting as fuch, to levy the fame by diftrefs of the horfe or hordes, or other bcaft or beads, carriage or carriages, upon which the toll is by this aft impofed, or upon the goods or chatties of the perfon or perfons who ought to pay the fame, and fuch horfe or horfes, or other l^eaft or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chatties, may ,	be detained until fuch toll (hall he paid, with the reasonable

charges of filch diftrefs, and if the/fame (hall not be paid within four days, it diall be lawful for the colleftor or pcrfoA /	ifting as fuch, to fell the fame, rendering the overplus, if

anv, to the owner, on demand, after payment of the faid tofi, and the full expenses of the faid diftrefs, detinue, and (ale.

Penalty on	XVIII. /'nd be it further enafted. That if any perfoa

fa ? * cr ult	°r Pcr^°118 iball forcibly or wilfully go or pafs with any horfe,

«ngVccLaor",	or carriage through any pay-gate on the faid	road,

icd.	* without paying the toll by this aft required, or producing

a proper ticket as aforefaid, at fuch pay-gate, or (hall

Pay-gates to be ere&ed.

Tolls to be

#

3

know-

The thirtieth Teitr of George I IT.

knowingly or cfefignedly affault, interrupt, or ob{tru& any of the colle&ors or perfons employed in colle&ing or receiving any of the faid tdlls, or otherwife, in the execution of his or their employments of receiver or colledoiV or {hall forge, couftterfeit, or alter1, or (hall dtliver -tb, or receive from any other perfon or perfons any note or ticket with an intent to avoid the payment of any of the faid tolls, or any part thereof, every perfon fo offending, beiqg con-Vi&cd thereof upon the oath 6f any one Credible witnefs before any juftice of the peaces (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, and it (hall be lawful for every collc&or or perfon aftmg as fiich, and all other perfons by hint required to affid in that refped, to feizci any liorfe or lrorfes, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, with all goods thereon, and the driver or drivers; attendant or attendants thereof, and to bring them before any juftice of the peace. Who fs hereby required to enquire into fuch offence, and if upon convi&ion before fiich juftice, upon the oath of any Credible witnefs, the pairty or parties complained of, (hall not jJay fuch penalty, together with the tolls that (hall be due, it (hall be lawful for fiich juftice, and he is hereby required by warrant under his hand and leal, to caufe the horfe or horfes, of othet bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods fo didrained, to be fold for payment of the faid tofS and penalties, and the ‘charges of feizing and keeping the fame, and of fuch fale, rendering the overplus; if any, upoti demand, to the owner or owners of the fame, br to the perfon or perfons under Whofe care; or in whofe poffeffion refpe&ively the fame vai or were when fo feized, as aforefaid, or if no fufHcient dif-. trefs (hall have been feized to commit fuch owner or owners; or other perfon or perfons to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainpvize; until fucli fine and penalties; tolls and charges he paid.

. XIX. And be it further eria&ed, That ev^y ticket to »• be given as aforefyid by any collector for any carriage which is fubjed to different tolls in aeifpedt to the different breadths or (hoeing* of its wheels, (hall truly fpecify the fum received, the number of horfes or other .beads drawing the fame carriage, and the breadth of the wheels, that ii to fay, whether four inches or more; whether Under four inches, and not lefs than three inches, or whether lefs thart three inches, and alfo whether flat-diod or (hod with high or fprig-IVeaded nails, bolts, or ferews } and if any ticket (hall not fpecity all the faid matters truly; the collector of tiie toll at the gate where fucli ticket fhall have been givea (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch offence, upon conti&Hm, by oath of one credible witnefs before *

anf

Digitized by



Google

le thirtieth Tear tif George ITT.

any ju(lice of the pe2ce ; and in cafe of not paying the? fame imniediately, (hall be committed by warrant under the hind and feal of fuch juftice to the common gaol or houfe of cOrrefti6n, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpacc of one month, or until the faid fine (hall be paid/

XX.	.And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the fnpexvifor, or for any director or commi(fionery or any magistrate, conftable, or iub-conftable, to (lop, on any part of the faid road, any car, cart, dray* waggon, wain, or other carriage, not being a coach, landau, chariot, c'haife, photon, cabriolet, curricle, or chair, which (hall have patted during the fame day through any pay-gate on the faid road, whofe wheels (fyall not be four inches in breadth on the foie, of (hall have any large or fprig-headed nail5 in their (beaks or (hoeing, and to require the driver, or perfon attending the fame, to produce the ticket which he or (he (hall have received at fucli pay-gate for the toll paid for the fame; and if fuch driver or perfon (hall negleft or refufe to produce fucli ticket immediately on demand, or if fuch ticket, when produced, (hall not certify the whole toll payable for the fame by breadth and (hoeing of the wheels than the truth, it (hall be lawful for fuch perfon to feize and didrain the faid horfe, or other bead, and carriage, with all the good* and chatties thereon, and fuch horfe or horfes* or ether bead or beads, Vatriage or carriages, or goods and chatties, may be detained, until the toll preferibed by this aft for the fame (hall be paid, with the reafonablc charges of fuch didrefs and detaining ; and if the lame (hall Hot be paid within four days, it (hall lie lawful forihe perfoo* who (hall have ftized, to fell the fame, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner or driver, on demand, after payment of the faid toll, and the full expcnccs of the (aid dif-fcrefs, detaining, and fale. tars,	XXI. .And be it further enafted. That every collcftor,

ftnpp.d till Or other perfon tfftirig afs fuch, (hall have power to detain W ^cUkrcmea- at any pay-gate every car, cart, or other carriage, whereon fared, &c. fhc toll payable varies according to the breadth of the (beaks, or (hoeing of the wheels, and to meafure the fame* <	and	every fupervifor, direftor, co mini (lion er, magistrate,

conftable, or fub conft >le, (hall have the like power tc* (top and meafure the wheels of every fuch car or carriage, an any part of the faid road ; and if any driver, or other perfon (hall hinder, or refufe to permit fuch colleftor, or inch other perfon, to meafure the wheels of any fukh carriage, and (hah be convifted thereof upon the oath of lay one credible witnefs, before any juitice of the peace, every Inch perfon fo offending, (hall forfeit the fum of five pouuds, to be levied by-ditlrcfs and fale of the faid car, or

oilier.

Director, Jpc may flop any carriage, except as herein.

v

The thirtieth Tear of George HI.	201	.

other carriage, and the horCe and horfes, or other beads . At D. drawing the faipe, and the goods thereon, by warrant un* 1790. der the hand and Teal offuch juftice, rendering the overplus. Chap. 46. if any, after deducing the {aid (inc^ aod the txpcnces of	’

fuch diftrefs and fale, to the owner on demand.

XXII.	And be it further enacted. That if any perfon Penalty on or pcrfbns whatfoever owning, renting, or occupying any owner* of Unde land near unto any pay-gate eftablifhed 61 ere&ed, or to be

crewed in purfuancc of this a&, (hall for gain, reward, or otherwife, knowingly Dr willingly permit any perfon or per- fame to avoid fons whatfoever to pafs through any gate, pallage, or way, Paying tolL with any horfe, bead, cattle, or carriage, liable to toll on pafhng through any pay-gate on the faid road, to Avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to he paid, and be thereof convi&cd, upon the oath of any one credible witnefs, before any juftice of the peace, every fuch perfoa.

{hall forfeit the fum of ten (hillings for every fuch offence, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of fuch offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and feat of fuch juftice, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, the charges in taking and difpofing of the faid goods being fir ft deducted.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That ft {hall be law- Commiiff-ful for the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more cf oner* may ap-them, to appoint a treasurer, at a yearly falary not exceed-

big twenty pounds, and as they (hall fee occafion to remove him, and appoint another perfon in his (lead, and to take from every perfon whom they (hall appoint, fuch fecurity as they (hall think proper for his duly accounting for and paying all money which he (hall receive as treafurer, and for depofiting the fame, from time to time, in fuch manner as they, cr any feven#pr more of them {hall, from time to time, dired, in the bank of Ireland? or in any other bank.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That the treafurer Treasures t« (hall attend the meetings of the faid diredors as often as attendoisemfs,.. he (hall be thereunto required by any one or more of them, &u

and (hall keep fuch books of account, and in fuch manner

a« any three of the faid dite&ors (hall, from time to time

order, and that it (hajl be lawful for any three of the faid

dire&ors to difmiis any treafurer from his office, who (hall	'

neglcd to give fuch attendance, or to keep fuch books, or

to give any information which may be required of him re-

fpe&ing his receipts and payments as treafurer, or to depofit

tire whole, or any part of the balance in his. hands ill the

bank, as often as he (hall be ordered fo to do by any three

of thedaiddire&ors.

* XXV'. And whereas feveral perfons claim to be entitled to intereft upon debentures iiTucd heretofore upon the tojla

✓



Digitized by Google

,	jj



fcod	The thirtieth Tear	of	Ceorgc tit.

A. Si of the (aid road ; be it ena$ed, That k (hall and may K£ 1790. lawful for the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of* Chap. 46. them; to order one ycart intereft doe on the faid debeii-/ tares on the faid road, to be paid in eaeh year by their trea-Trtafnrer to furer, out of the tolls, or any other monies which he (hati yC"*beo- ******* by vktue of this ad, in ftich manner, at fuch turcs out of time or times, and in fuch proportions as they (hall think tolls &c. proper.

tv	XXVI.	And be it Further enaded, That •it (hall be

appoint coUco*7 kwful ^or isid diredors refpedifely, or ally three or ton.	more of them, to appoint as many colledors as (hall be ne~

ceflary for receiving the toils at the pay-gates, at fuch fa-lary or wages as (hall be approved of by them; not exceeding the rate of twenty pounds per annum for eaeh ; and every fuch collector (hall pay the monies by him collected or received tothe ti*eafurcr appointed by the faid commif-fioners, odcc at lead in every month, and as much olteffer as he (hall be thereunto requited by ahy of the faid diredort or commiffioners, or by the fupervifor, and (hall alfo upoil oath, if tliereunto required by the faid treafurer, or by any of the faid dirfcdbrs or commiffioners, which oath any one: of the (aid diredors or commiffioners is hereby empowered to adtoinitter, give in* from time to time, a true, exad^ and perfeft account in writing of all monies by him coU leded or received by virtue of this ad, or by reafon of hid laid employment 1 and if any fuch coficdor (hall refufe or ,	omit fo tb do, and (hall be thereof coirvided, upon the

Oath of any one credible witnefs, before any juftice of the

K, it (hall be lawful for fuch jaftice to commit fuch col-■ to gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprifce, Until he (hall give in fuch account upon oath, and pay all fuch monies as he (hall have received for the faid diredors by virtue of this ad.

4 XXVII. Provided always* and be it further enaded; leafed or*Snn-	thc	dircdors,	or any three of them, may, if the/

think fit, trad they are hereby empowered, on fourteen days notice being given in any two Dublin papers for that purpofr, to leafe or farm by the year, for any time not exceeding thrqp years, nor lefs than one year, the tolls by this ad payable, td any perfon or perfons at or 'for the larged yearly fum that can be got for the fame ? provided always, that they be fet by public cant, and that the agreement be put into writing, and figned by the parity taking the fame, and that the money be made payable monthly Sind that proper fecurity be given for thc regular payment thereof, and that one month be paid in advance, and tha* every fuch agreement be approved of, and figned at lead by three of the faid diredors prefent 2t fuch cant.

XXVIII. A*f

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

*03

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every perfon A. D. appointed to receive the toll at any pay-gate on the faid 1790. road, by any perfon or perfons taking the fame by leafe, Chap. 46. fhali have all and fingular the like powers and authorities, and be fubjed to, and under all and fingular the like rejju- Powers co collations, penalties, and reftridions, as any collector appoint- aPP°,nt-ed by the laid diredors can, or (hall have, or be fnbjed to ^bing^oUby by virtue of this ad, except as to paying the tolls colledcd lcafe. to the treafurer, and accounting for the fame tp him, or to the diredorB or commiffioners.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That if any colledor Collector of-or toll-gatherer, whether appointed by the faid diredors, fending as hero-or by any perfon taking any of the tolls by leafe or contrad, *“»

or any perfon ading as fuch, lhall permit any carriage, horfe, or bead whatfoever, to pafs thiough any pay-gate -without payment of the toll, payable for the fame by virtue of this ad, or a proper certificate, as before direded, being produced therewith, and (hall omit to feize fuch car, carriage, or bead, or fhali delay to proceed to have the penalties levied as the law direds for fuch offence, or fhaQ omit to detain any car, cart, or other carriage, and prevent the palling through the gate, after notice fhali be given to him that the driver thereof has obflrudcd the execution of this ad in any refped, every peifon fo offending fhali, upon convidion thereof before any one judice of the peace, forfeit the fum of five pounds, and on non-payment thereof, lhall be committed, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch judice, to the common gaol, or houfe of corredion, there to remairr without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding fix months, or until the faid fine be paid.

XXX.	And be it further enaded, That whenever, and When diree-as often as the faid diredors fhali think it expedient to form tors think it earn new line of road between any two points of the prefent

turnpike road from Kiunegad to Athlone, for the purpofe roa^ they are

of (hortening the didance, or avoiding hills, or for the to proceed at

greater convenience of travellers, it fhali be lawful for them herein.

to depofite* or caufe to be depofited with the treafurer of

the county through which fuch new road fhali be propofed

to be made', a map thereof, with a decl^ition 'thereon,

figned by three of the faid diredors at the lead, fetting

forth their determination to lay out fuch new road of the

breadth of fixty feet in the clear, and didinguifhing the fe-

veral town-lands and baronies through which the fame is to

be made, and expreffing the number of perches in length that

fuch new road is intended to be carried through each town-

land, and they fhali alfo depofite, or caufe to be depofited

with fuch treafurer an affidavit or affidavits, fetting forth,

that a copy of fuch declaration has been polled up on the

door

Map, kt. So he lcept as herein.

Owner* or land* ap^rieved to proceed as herein.

Jury to give verdia whether any, and what damages, dee.

fhe thirtieth Tear of George til.

door of the county couit-houfe, and that a like copy has been pcrfonally fervedon, or left at the houfe of every occupier of the ground through which fuch new road is intended to be made, or in cafe thertfidence of any occupier Of airy part of fuch ground (hall not be known to the faid dive&ors, then that a like notice has been fixed up in a con-fpicuous manner on fuch part of fuch ground* and on the toll-gate of the road neared thereto.

And be it.further enacted. That every treafurer to whom fuch map, declaration, and affidavit or affidavits ffiall be delivered, (hall keep the fame open tor the inspection of all perfons whom the fame may concern, add /hall la; the fame before the court at the next affizes held for fuch county, as the land fhall be in through which fuch road fhali be intended to be made, together with his certificate teltifying upon oath the day he received the fame.

XXXII.	And be it further enabled, That if it (hall appear by inch certificate, that fuch map, declaration, and affidavit or affidavits, (hall have been depofited with fuch treafurer twenty-one days before the ftrft day of fuch affixes, the faid declaration (hall be read in open court, and if any owner or occupier of the ground through which fuch new road is to be made, (hall think himfelf or lierfelf aggrieved thereby, in refped to fuch ground, fuch owner or occupier may traverfe the fame for damages, by entering a traverfe thereto with the clerk of the crown fof damages at the fame affizes, which traverfe (hall be tried at the fame affizes, unlefs good and fufficictit caufe fhall be (hewn upon oath for not trying it, then i*i which cafe it (hall be tried at the affizes next immediately enfuing, and every fuch traverfe (hall be entered and tried in like manner, and like fe-curity be given for profecuting the fame, as is ufual in the cafe of a traverfe of a prefentment of a grand jury for laying out and making a new road.

XXXIII.	And be it further cns&ed, That the pry who (hall try any fuch traverfe, (hall true verdift give, whether any, and what damages will accrue to the perfon taking fuch traverfe, by fuch new road being made, which verdift fiiaR be conclufive to fuch traverfer, and upon the fum fo found for damages B£ng paid to fuch traverfer, or depofited with the county treafurer for bis or her ufe, and upon all fuch damages as (hall be found upon each traverfe, which may be tried, being fo paid or depofited, or upon verdi&s found againfl the traverfer?, or upon each traverfe which may have been entered being withdrawn, or not tried purfuant to this act, or upon no traverfe being entered,, it fhall be lawful for the faid directors, or any three of them, or fuch perfons as they fhall appoint, to proceed to lay out and make fuch

new

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

£ , *r

r.ew road, without the intemiption of any ptrfon what-

ever.

A. D.

1790.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacled, That the faid di- Chap. 46. reftors, fuperrifors,1 collectors, and all other perfons (hall

have all and Angular the fame power* and authorities, and Power* of di-the like regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, (hall aiferf. *c&or#i and extend to every part of any new road laid out by the faid directors, as are provided or ena&ed with refpe6t to any part of the prefent road, and that every fuch map, declaration, and affidavit, (hall be preferred among the records of the county with the treasurer of the faid county.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes Where road where the faid dire&ors (hall alter the prefent road, by tak- altered, map of ing off any unneceffary angles, or making a new line of cd^he^epo^" road, they (hall caufe a mdp of fuch parts of the prefent fUC(j Wltrt trca„ road as fhall in confequence thereof be difeontinued by them iurer, &c.

as part of the turnpike road for the ufc of travellers, to be depofited with the treafurer of the county in which fuch parts (hall be fituate ; and if the grand jury of fuch county (hall not within eight months from the time fuch map (hall be fo depofited, prefent fuch parts to be kept open as a public road, every fuch part of the faid old road as (hall not be fo presented (hall *be, and is hereby declared to be veiled in the faief directors for the benefit of the* faid road, and (hall and may be fet or fold by the faid directors, or any three of them, and the rent or money arifing therefrom, fhall be applied by them towards payment of the rents or purchafe of fuch grounds as {hey may think proper to take by yearly rents, or to purchafe for any of the purpofes herein before mentioned. •	>

XXXVI.	Provided always, That no fuch preferment for No prefent-keeping open any fuch part of the prefent road (lnll be ment for ktep-made by any grand jury, except upon an affidavit of two inS °Pcn futtl credible perfons, who can read and write, fetting forth except as herein, that fuch part of the road is neceffary to be kept open,

a public road for the convenience of travellers.

XXXVII.	And be it further enabled,‘ That if at any if grand jury time thereafter the grand jury of fuch county (h ill prefent prefect fame to the fame to be ilopped up, it (hall be immediately the re up- [t Hopped up, on, and is hereby declared be veiled in the faid direc- -u direttor^^ tdrs, without any further a6l done on their behalf, as

fully as if the famte never had been prefented to be kept open.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall be pioadtobe lawful for the grand juries of fuch county, at anyaffizes, to widened as prefent any part of the faid road, within their relpcClive haem. * counties, to be widened to the width of fixty feet, upon





, Digitized by

Google

ft

If owner, ire. aggrieved, may traveric for damage* at a£* feca.

DrreAorf to raife 4000! for repairing, Sc. bearing m-ftieft herein.

The thirtieth Tear of George III*

the reqneft of three of the dire&ora in writing, and an affidavit, fworn before any two juft ices of the peace for fiich county, or before the court, by any two credible perforin, that the put of the road fo requeued to be widened is not of the width of fixty feet.

XXXIX.	Provided always, That if the owner or occupier of the land where the laid road ia to be widened an afprefaid, (hall think himLlf or herfelf aggrieved by fuoh prefentment, it (hall be lawful for fuch perfon to traverfe the fame at the fame affizes for dantages, and fuch traveric (hall be tiied then or at the next enfuing afiizes 5 and upon all damages which (hall be foupd by the jury who (hall try fuch traverfc, being paid to the traverter, or depofited with the county treafurer for his or her ufe, it (hall be lawful for the faid diiedors to proceed in widening the fame, purfuant to the faid prefentment, without the interruption of any perfon whatfoever.

^CL. And whereas the tolls to be qolleded on the faid turnpike-road will not be fufficicnt to anfwer the feveral charges thereon, and to repair and widen the faid road, and form fuch new lines of road as may be neceflary : be it further enacted. That any three or more of the laid directors (hall and may, and are hereby empowered, from time to time, as occafion (ball require, to raife and borrow fuch fum and fums*of money, not exceeding in fcho whole the fum of four thoufand pounds fterling, as they (hall judge neceflary towards repairing and widening the (aid road, or forming new lines of road m the place and ftead of any part thereof, and defraying all charges which may be incurred by virtue of this ad, and that fot all fuch fums fo to be borrowed, bills entitling the bearers to the amount of the fums therein fpecified (hall be iflued, and figned by the treafurer for the time being, and figned by and fealed with the Deals of three or more of the mid diredors, and that fuch bills fhafl bear fuch intereft from the date thereof, as (hall be agreed upon between the faid diredors and the lender or lenders, not exceeding the legal rate of intereft by the hundred by the year, and that for fuch fum as (hall hereafter be boiv rowed by the faid diredors as aforefaid, there (hall be pud by the treafurer for the time being, by and with the order and diredion of three or more of the faid diredors* on every firft day of May, and every firft day of November, after the refpedivc dates of fuch bills, to the holders thereof, out of the produce of the tolls of the faid road, fuch intereft as (hall be fo agreed upon in f.ftl to the faid days fo-appointed for the payment of fuch intereft, without any fee or charge whatfoever, and free from all dedudions, defalcations, and abatements, until the principal fums therein

mentioned

The thirtieth Tear ef George IIL	207

jbtntioned be nefpe&ively paid at one payment, and that all fuch bills as (hall be fo iffucd and figned (hall be numbered m arithmetical progrcffion, beginning with number one, until the whole thereof (hall be numbered ; provided that no fuch bill fl ail be iflued for left than fifty pounds, or for more than one hundred pounds.

XL I. And bait further ena&ed, That if any part of the faid intereft, (hall he behind or unpaid by the faid trea- unpaid uhere* furer for the fpace of (even days u&er any of the days fo |n» ch»ntrl-appointed for the payment thereof, the ford chancellor, or ^^v^***10* lord keeper^ or cojpmiffioners of the great feal, may upon a petition and affidavit appoint a receiver to receive io much of the tolls of the faid road as may be neccflary to pay fuch in* tereft, and the receiver’s fees, and aU reasonable coils attending fuch application, or may make fuch order for fequtf-tering the tolls for the payment thereof, as to jolt ice ihatt pertain.

XL)I. And be 'it further ena&ed, That the tolls of the Tolls to be feveral gates on the faid road, (hall be applied in difchargc applied as of the mtereft to arife upon fuch debentures as foall be if- *****“* iuecHor thd faid fum of four thoufond pounds, or any part (hereof, and that the faid directors, or any three or more of them, may expend from time to time fuch fums of money as (hall be received by the treafurer in the payment of the faid treafurcr's falary, appointed as aforefaid^ and if any arrears of intcrefl due in manner aforementioned, in ere&fog or repairing gates and toll houfes, fixing tables of the tolls,

^nd fixing and lighting proper lamps at each gate, in erecting mfleitone*, milepofis, and direction-pofts, payings toll,

',CoI!edprs and fupervifors in the expences of furveys and valuations for widening, and in widening the faid roadt and ' fencing it where widened, in forming new lines of road, and paying all cofts attending the fame, fo draining, forming, and gravelling, drefling, cleaning, or repairing the faid road, and in rendering k more convenient for travellers, according to their diferetion, and in laying up materials in convenient places for repairing breaches in the winter iea-fon.	*	'

XLIII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That the Expeoditorb expenditure of all fuch money, (hall be. accountable for up- of money to ba oath before the faid dire&Qrt, which oath any of the faid accounted for ijire&ors or commiffioners is hereby empowered to adminif-ter, fpecifying the particular manner in which every part of it foal1 have been expended, and fuch accxiunt (hall be' laid before the* (aid comrmfliOHers, together with a copy of all orders of expenditure made by the faid dire&ors, by bcipg depofited with their treafurer, once at the loaft ia every three ^	'	'	v	• mouths,

If mtereftha



Thfffhirtuib Y*ar of George III.

for puipofcs as herein.

Any perfon entruited with expenditure, to account as herein.

A. D. months, and as muds ofteoer as the faid commiflioners, of 1790. any feven or more of them fliall require.

Ghap. 46.	XLIV. And be it further cnaded, That it (hall be law*

O-—fill for the faid directors, of any three qr more of them, ta Directors may pu. chafe all fuch ground, houfe or houfes, as may be neeef-pnrehafe, 8cc. fary for wide mag the faid road, or making new roads m place of any parts of the prefent road, or for depofiting materials for repairing the fame, or laying by the fcrapjng^ and eleanfmg thereof.

XLV. And be it further enaded, That if any perfon to whom the expenditure of any of the faid money (ball .be en-trufted by the faid dire&ors, ihall not account for fo much as' he iliall hayc expended of the fame in manner aforefaid, within one month after he (hall be thereunto required by any one of the faid directors, or of the faid commiflkmjrs, be fliall forfeit double the fum which he (hall be fo require^ to account for, and upon nonpayment thereof (hall be committed by warrant, under the hand and feal of the juftice before whom he (hall be convidied, upon the oqth of any.

' one credible witnefs, to the common gaol, or |?oufe of cor-redion, there to remain until the faid forfeiture be paid.", s X LVI • And be it further ena£ted, That every, perfon appointed fupervifor of the faid road, (hull once in, every, month return to the faid directors an account on oath of the ftate of the road, the cqndud of the gate-keepers and over* feers, workmen and labourers, fo far as the fame (hall have fallen within his obfervation, whether the tickets given to cars, carts, or other carriages paffing through any of , the pay-gates thereon, which he examined, have been conformable to this ad, or wfherein they have differed, what mii-ianct/, encroachments, or offences again!! this ad he ha* found oi obferved tefpeding the faid road, what fteps he has taken to remove or remedy them, what penalties he haa levied, and the feveral days on which he has infpeded the faid road, and what part thereof he has infpeded ou eacl\ day.	1

- XLVIL And be it further cqadpd, That every fupervi-for (hall have power to repair any fudden breaches or holes which be may have obferyed any pyt of the faid road, firft receiving an order for the purpose from any two of the #	faid	diredors;	and	the	e*pence	thereof	(hall	be	laid	before,

the directors at their next meeting, and upon their approv* ing therepf, and his making oath of the expenditure, and fpccifying the particulars thereof, they, or any three or more of them, may order, the faid; qxpencea to be paid by the treafurcr. 1

Perfom ap- 'XLV1II, Ap£be it further enaded, That every perfon^ pointed to make Appointed by any three or more of the faid diredors to

Supervifor tp return upon oath the (late of toad, dec. as herein.

Supervifor may repaid breachii, dec. as ‘herein.

road, may raife gravel, dec.

make*

Digitized by

Google

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

make, ^rtVel, repair, or fuperintend the faid road, or any part of it, fhall have full power and authority to dig for, fearoh, raife, and carry away any gravel, (tones, fand, or other materials which may be wanted for the ufe of the faid road, and to make drains in order to carry off water from, or prevent its, injuring the faid road, on or through the lands of any perfon, not being a deer-park, orchard, haggard, yard, planted lawn, or avenue to a manfion-houfe, and that every fuch perfon fo appointed (hall make fatisfa&ion to the owners or occupiers of the land for the damage that may be done thereby, in like manner, and under the like regulations as is, are, or fhall be enacted with refpe& to damages done by overfeers appointed by the prtfentments of grand juries.

XLIX, And whereas it is neceffary for the further management of the faid road, that the drains along either fide thereof (hould be under the controul of the faia directors : be ft further ena&ed, That if any perfon fhall fcour, deepen, fill up, or widen any drain or ditch on the fide of any part of the faid road, without the orderof the faid dirt&ors, or any three of them, it lhall be lawful for any of the faid directors to caufe the fame to be filled up, or fcoured, as the cafe may be, according to his diferetion, and to levy the expence thereof by dittrefs and fale of the goods of fuch perfon.

L. And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon (hall build any houfe, or part of a houfe, within forty feet of the centre of the faid road, except in a corporate or borough town, or (hall build any‘wall, or make any ditch, within thirty feet of the centre of the faid road, or (hall make or have any pafiage or way from the faid road into the lands adjoining, without placing a gutter or arch underneath fuch way or paffage, as deep as the drain or ditch over which it is or (hall be made, fo as to allow all water which may at any time be therein full room to pafs, or fhall burn, or permit or fuffer to be burned, on his or her land, bricks ot* weeds, or vegetable fubftance, for afhes, within one hundred feet of the centre of the faid road, every fuch perfon fhall for every fuch offence, upon conviction thereof, by the oath of one credible witnefs, before any juftice of the peacei or upon ttye view of fuch juftice, forfeit the fum of five pounds; and if any perfon (hall keep, or have in hi# or her poffedipn, any cur-dog, mafttff, or bull-dog, at any houfe within fifty* yards of the faid road, without a block of wood of five pounds weight at the leaft fattened to the neck of every fuch dog, or (hall winnow any corn on the faid road, or fhall lay any draw, dung, or rubbifh thereon, or (hall ferape the fame, or fhall lay the fcouring or earth of any ditch or drain on the (aid road, and let it lie there for Vol. IX. #	O	more

Perfons no£ authorized, fcouring, &c. penalty as herein.

Matters not to be done on or near the road.



.	Digitized	by

Google

2 TO

A. D.

i;9^-

Chap- 46.

:

Afl (Tuit£ laid mi road foi fck-ed, &c.

Punrffimcnt as herein.

Penalty for leaving fcouring +r earth on the road.

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

more than the/pace of twenty-four hours, or (hall leajre on any part of the fame, between enclofure and enclofure, or permit to be left thereon, oppohte or near to his or her houfe, any carnEge whatfoever, or any plough: or harrow, without thi borfe or horfes, or other beaft or bcafts being harneffed thereto, unlefs fuch carriage as {hall be accidexit-apy broken -down there, and cannot be removed without repair; or if any perfon' ftiall fpr^ad out, any linen blanket or winnow cloth within one hundred feet of the centre of \hc laid road, or (hail beat or dry any flax, or leave any timber, (tones, clay, fand, lime, or other matter, on the laid road, except for the ufe of the faid road, or Audi leave, or permit to be left, the carcafe of any horfe, or other beafl, or fhall fkin the fame, or permit it to be (kinned on the faid road, or within one hundred )arda of the centre thereof, except in a houfe or yard,enclofed with walls, or (hall lead or drive any car or carriage with timber, boards, or iron, laid acrofs, fo as that either end thereof (hall project beyond the whet Is or /ides of the carriage, or (hall drag any timber or mill-iloncs along any pail of the faid road, without being fupported by wheels from touching the fame, or (hall ercdl any fign-poft, or may pole, or may-bulb, on any part of the faid road, every perlon fo offending, (hall for every ftfch offence forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, upon conviction before any jullice of the peace, by the oath of one credible witnefs, or upon the view of fuch jufticc:

LI, And be it further* enacted, That all dung, dirt* draw, rubbifli, {tones, gravel, fand, or lime, which (tell be laid on the faid road, (hall be, and is hereby declared to be forfeited to the faid directors, and to be their foie property, and (hall be fold by them, or any of them, for the ufc of the faid road, or otherwife difpofed of by them as they (hall think tit, and that if any perfon not authorized by the faid directors, (hall draw away any part thereof, fuch per-. fon (hall be deemed to have felonioufly ftolen the fame, and. /Trail be profecuted and punifhed as any perfon .felonioufly dealing like goods being the private property of another.

LI I. Provided always, That no fncli perfon (hall be fcntenced to death or tranfportation, or other puniflunent than fine, imprifonment, or whipping for the fame.

L1II. And be it further enacted, That for every carload of fcouring or earth thrown out of any drain or ditch on the faid road, which {hall have remained thereon twenty-four hours, and which (hall be drawn away by the faid directors, or their order, the owner or occupier of the land which fuch drain or ditch divides from the faid ro?d, (hall forfeit the fum of one (hilling for every day the fame (hall

have

Digitized by

Google

The thiriM Tear of Georgelll.

have remained thereon, upon convidion in manner afore-faid.

L1V. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for every perfon whatfoever, to take and carry away, and convert to hia or her own ufe, any corn which (hall be laid on the faid road for the purpofe of being winnowed, or (hall be winnowing thereon, or remain thereon after being winnowed, together with the facks or winnowing cloths wherein the fame may happen to be, and alfo all timber which (hall be left on any part of the faid road, and (hall have remained thereon for feven days, not having been bronght or kept there ,by order of the faid diredors, or for the ufe of the faid road, without the let, fuit, trouble, or hindrance of any perfon whatfoever.

LV. And be it furthere enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the fupervifors of the faid road, or any of them, to pull down, or fill up, and level any wall, drain, or ditch, which (hall be built or made, or began to be built and made after the pafiing of this ad, upon any part of the faid road, or within thirty feet of the centre cf the faid road, and to t?ke up any way or pafiage from the faid road into any field or land adjoining, which may ob-flrud the free pafiage of water, and to remake the fame by budding a gutter or fewer, or arch therein, at a fufficient depth, and to fcour and clear away all obftrudions which may happen to be made in any drain for carrying away water from the faid road, or for preventing its injuring the fame, and to pull down and remove any fign-po(l which (hall be ereded contrary to this ad, firft obtaining a warrant under the hand and feal of any magifirate, or any of the diredors or commillioners for fo doing, and to levy the expence thereof, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender, or of the owner or occupier of the land wherein fuch way, pafiage, or drain (hall be, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner on demand.

LV1. And be it furthet cnafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the grand jury at any aflizes or quarter-feflions, to prefent any houfe, or part of a houfe, or lime-kiln to be pulled down, which (hall be built contrary to this ad, Within their county, and that the expence of fo doing, be levied off the goods and chatties of the offender; and that it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon to kill any dog which (hall be kept contrary to this ad, without being fued or profecuted for fo doing.

LVII. And be it further enaded, That if any.fupervifor (hall omit to apply for any fuch watraot for forty-eight hoars after he (hall be informed, or have feen any of the faid offences or matters, or having obtained fuch warrant,

O a	(hall

Corn, Sec jaid on the road forfeited.

Wails built as herein may be pulled down, Sec.

Grand jury t« refent as

SupeTvifor omitting, as herein, forfeit 5l for every

omidion.

Google

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

Penalty on drivers of carl, &C. offending a» herein.

(hall omit for forty-eight hdurs to ^execute the fame, unlefs

f>re$enttd by the feverity of weather, or (hall omit to apply at the next enfuing fefiions or affizes for fuch prefentment as aforefaid, or (hall delay or negleft to fetze, profccote for, and levy any of the penalties for offences again ft this a£t, which (hall come or happen within hi4 knowledge, view, or information, he (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every Inch omiflion, delay, or negleA, upon convi&km thereof, before any juftice of the peace, upon the oath of any one credible witr.cfs.

LVJII. And be it further enafled, That if the driver or perfon in care of any car, cart, dray, cr waggon, or carriage, (hall ride upon the fame on any part of the faid road, not having Come other perfon on foot or on hosfe-back to guide the fame, fuch carnages as are refpe&ively drawn by one horfe only, or two horfes a-breaft with bridles in their mouths, and are conduced by fome perfon holding the reins of fuch bridles excepted, or if the driver or perfon in care of any carriage, (hall by negligence or wilful mifbehaviour, hinder, obftrud, or interrupt t the paf-fage of any other carriage, or any of his Majefty’s fubjedU on the faid road, or if the driver or perfon in care of any empty or unloaded car, cart, or other carriage, (hall refufe or negkil to turn afide, and to make way for any coach, chariot, chaife, loaded waggon, cart, car, dray, or other loaded carriage, every fuch perfon being convicted thereof, by hw own confeffion, or by the oath of any one credible witnefs before any juftice of the peace, (hall for every fuch offence, if fuch offender be not the owner of fuch carriage, forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, and if fuch offender (hall be the owner of fuch carriage, he (hall forfeit the fum of twenty drillings, and every fuch offender (hall upon nonpayment thereof, be committed by fuch juftice to the gaol, or houfe of corrc£tion, there to be kept to hard hbour for any time not exceeding one month, or until the faid fine be paid, and every fuch offender or perfon in care of fuch carriage, offending in any of the (aid cafes, may by the authority of this attend without any other warrant, be apprehended by an£<<|9fcrfon who fliall fee fuch offence committed, and conveyed or delivered to a conftable or other peace officer to be conveyed before fome juftice of the peace.

Penalty on LIX. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any per-Perion refilling fon or perfons (hall xefift or make forcible oppofition againft an ofiice#. any perfon or perfons Employed in the due execution of \	this	a£,	or	(hall	affauit any colle&or of the tolls in the exe-

cution of his or their office or offices, or (hall make, or attempt to make any refci)e»of cattle, carriage, or other goods 4 v	di ft	rained

< 'V

Digitized by

Google ^	-

/

The thirtieth Tear of George III,	213

dift rained orfeized by virtue of this aft, or if any conftable A. D* or fub-conftable {hall refufe or negleft to execute any war- 1790. rant granted by any juftice, or by any commiffioner or direc- Chap. 46. tor purfuant to the direftions of this aft, every fuch perfoa offending therein, and b*ing convifted thereof before any juftice of the peace, by his or her own confefiion, or by the oath of one credible witnefs, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit any fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings, at the difcretion of fuch juftice, and in cafe the fame fhall not immediately be paid, fuch juftice is hereby empowered and required to commit fuch offender to the common gaol, 01 houfe of correftion, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, unlefs the laid forfeiture fhall be looner paid.

LX. And be it further enafted, That it fjiall not be fo^>,re<^orrnot lawful for the faid direftors, or any of them, to make or eonq-oSion for accept of any compofition with or from any perfon what- tolls, foever, for any of the tolls to be paid by virtue of this aft.

LXI. And be it further enafted, That the truflces, Poo!c«, &c. commiffioners, treafurer, clerk, and all perfons aiding un- hedehvered der or by virtue of the faid afts hereby repealed, fhall a* lcmn’ deliver upou demand by any two or more of the faid directors, all books, papers, maps, and accounts refpefting the faid road.

LXI1. And be it further enafted, That -all monies Monies Sre. which fhall have arifen, or may arife by virtue of the faid to be hanued recited afts, or cither of them, hereby repealed, and fhall he rib °	*

fee payable to the tmftees thereby appointed, or be in their hands, or in the hands of their treafurer, together with all fecurities for money due, or to be due to them as truftees of the faid road, \ fhall be paid and handed over by them or their fecretary to the treafurer who (hall be appointed by virtue of this aft, and all fuch monies fhall be applied to* wards the purpofes of this aft, or towards the payment of any mtereft due on debentures upon the faid road, in fuch manner as the faid direftors, or any three or more of them, fhall think proper, and that any agreement or leafe for fet* ting the tolls of the faid road, or any part thereof, which may be made after the firft day of March, one thoufand fe-ven hundred arid ninety, by the truftees appointed by the faid afts, or either of them, (halt be null and void.

LXIII. And be it further enafted, That all fines, pc-nalties, and forfeitures, irapofed for any offence committed t0°c levied, c, againft this aft, the manner of levying and applying which * is not herein particularly direfted, fhall and may be levied by dfftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the band and feal of the juftice before whom tie offender

' fhall

The thirtieth Tear of George Ilf.

A. D«	fhall be convicted, by the oath of one credible witpefa, ar

179p.	bis or her own confeffion ; and in cafe of non-payment thero-

Chap. 46. of, or of any fine or penalty which (hall be impofed by the ti.—authority»of this ad, the offender (hall be committed- by fuch juilicc, by warrant under his band and fcal, to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, there to remaiu without boil or mainprize, for any time not exceeding throe months, or uptil the faid fine, forfeiture, or penalty he paid; and every fuch fine, forfeiture, or penalty, when paid, {ball be applied by the faid directors, in aid of the tolls, towards the ofes of the road, qnd in rewarding the informer, or parties convicting, and the conftables, or other perfons aflilling, or partly in one and partly in the other of the faid ways, as to the faid directors, or any four of them, fhall feem proper, and LX1V. And be it further enacted, That every juffice of firmations. the peace fiiall have power within his jurisdiction to adminif-ter all oaths which are hereby required or directed, or which may be neceflary for the purpofes of this act ; and if any perfon fhall take or fubferibe any oath or affirmation pre-v leribed or empowered to be taken by virtue of, or in purfu-ance of this act, or for the purpofes of carrying this act into execution, and fhall wilfully affirm, or fwear falfely therein, /	every fuch perfon fhall, upon conviction, fuffer the pains and

penalties enacted againfl perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt

perjury.

Affirmation of LXV\ And be it further enacted. That in all cafes a quaker to be yvhere an oath is preferibed or mentioned in this act, the ta CD*	affirmation of the party, if he or (he be a quaker, fhall and

may be made or taken in the place of fuch oath.

JLXV . And be it further enacted, That where any dif-trefs fhall be made for any fum or fums of money to be levied by virtue of this act, the diftrefs itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpafTers on account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the party or parties diftraining be deemed a trefpafler or trefpaflcrs, ah initio, on account of any irregularity which fhall be afterwards done by the party or parties diftraining, but the perfon or perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity, may recover full fatisfaction for the fpecial damages in an , action on the cafe, unlawful for* LXVII. And be it further enacted, That this act fhall want of form, be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juft ices, and other perfons whatfoever, withou; fpecially pleading the fame.

CHAP.

The thirtieth Tear of George III

A. D. 179°.

CHAP. XL VII.	'	------------

An A El for continuing and amending the federal A Elsfor mrk- Amended irtgy widening, and repairing fu much cj the Road leading 53 G* 3- Cm 20‘ from the City of Limerick to the City of Cork, as las within the County or County of the City of Cctk, that is to fay, from the Bounds cf the Counties of Limerick and Cork, btt iceen the 'Iowns of Kilma1 lock and CharJe-viHe to ihe City of Cork, und to cont nue an AE? paf'ed in the T Jsertj-eighth Year of his prefent Majefty, Entitled, An Ac? to continue and amend an Ac? pajjed in the Fifth Tar of his	%

late Majcjij* s Reign, Entitled. An A El for repairing the Road leading from the Tczvn of Nevccajile, in toe County of Limerick, to the City cf Limerick, andjrsm thence to the City of Cork.

WHEREAS an aft patted in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled. An aE? for repairing the road leading from the town of tfeweaftle, in the county of Limerick, to the city oj Limerick, and from thence to the city of Cork ; as alfo an aft patted in the nineteenth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, entitled, An aE? to continue and amend an aE? for repairing the road leading from the town of Nevocajile, in the county oj' Limerick, to the city of Limerick, and from thence to the city of Cork ; as alfo an aft patted in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled. An aE? to ccnttSiue and amend an aE? paffed in the ffth year of his late Majeftyys reign, entitled. An aE? J'or repairing the road leading from the town of Newe a file, in the county oj Ltm trick, to the city of Limerick, and from thence to the city of Cok, are near expiiing ; and it is expedient to continue an aft for making, widening, and repairing fo much of faid road as lies within the county or county of the city of Cork; that is to fay, from the bounds of the counties of Limerick and Cork, between the towns of KilmalloA and CharlevilJe,

'to the city of Cork : be it therefore enafted by the King’s meft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the autnority of the fame. That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, it lhallbe in the power of the right honourable Richard earl of Shannon, the right honourable Hayes lord 'vifeount Do- truftees, nerail, the honourable Robert lord vifeount Kipgfhorough*

James Bernard, efquire, fir<famcs Laurence Cotter, ba-•	roner.

Digitized by

Google

The thirtieth Xear of George 111.

A*. D-

ronet, fir Nicholas Colthurft, baronet, fir ChriftopKer 1790. Knight, knight, the honourable and reverend James Chap. 47* Sentleger, the honourable Barry Boyle Sentleger, the honourable captain Arthur Sentleger, the honourable Richard Sentleger, Broderick Chinncry, efquire, Rogerfon Cotter, efquire, Denham Jephfon, efquire. James Barry, efquire, John Hyde, efquire, Richard Aid worth, efquire, John Pendergraft Smith, efquire, Edmond Henry rery, efquire, colonel Bailie, Robert Fennell Crone, efquire, John Watkins, efquire, Edward peane Freeman, efquire, Anhur Gethin Creagh, efquire, Nicholas Green Evans, cfqu re, Nichclas Green Evans, the younger, efquire, Henry Cole Bowen,	efquire, Jbhn Cole Bowen,

efquire, James Lombard, efquire, reverend Henry Newman, clerk, reverend Edward Lombard clerk, rev, Richard Purcell, clerk, reverend Robert Nettles, clerk,

^	ftedmond	Barry,	efquire, James Purcell, efquire, Wil-

liam Galway, efquire, do&or John Creagh, do&or Jo-feph Barry, John Newman, efquire, John Longfieid, efquire, Robert Coote Purdon, efquire, Watkin Roberts, enquire, George Stawell, efquire, Anthony Jephfon, efq; Robert Delacouh, efq; Richard Foote, efq; William Ly-faght, efquire, William Lyfaght, the younger, efquire, Richard Gethto Creagh, efquire, William Harris, efq; Rilby M,Carthy, efquire, William Love, efquire, Thomas Ware, efquire, Chriftopher Saunders, ctquire, James Norcott, efquire, Henry Wrixon, efquire, William Wrixon, efquire, Thomas Boles, efquire, David Franks, efquire, William Stawell, efquire, Kilner Brazier, efquire, Samuel Hoare, efquire, Henry Crooke, efquire, captain James Lyfaght, Chriftopher Knight, efqujre, Clement Hume, efquire, Hodder Roberts, gentleman, John Purcell,

'	gentleman, William Dore, gentleman, William Afhton,

gentleman, Chriftopher Crofts, gentleman, William Atkins, gentleman, John Hennefley, gentleman, James HenneTTey, gentleman, lieutenant John Grove White, Chriftopher Crofts George, gentleman, Jofhua Harman, gentleman, Charles Furlong, gentleman, John Lyfaght, gentleman, and William Wallis, gentleman, who are hereby nominated and appointed truftcesof the faid road, and the furvivors of them, or any feven or more of them, or fueh perfen or perfons as they, or any feven or more of them, fhall authorize and appoint, to continue or ered, or caufe to be continued or ereded, one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon or acrofs any part or parts of the faid road, and alfo a ^herein Uken to^~koufe or toll-houfes, and there to receive and take a* erem.	the tolls and duties following, before any horfe, mare,

gelding, afs, or mule, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calafti, chaife or chair, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other

carriage.



..Digit zgfljafifek

The thirtieth Tear of George III.	217

carnage, (hall be permitted to pafs through the fame, A. D. -w'z. tor every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or 1790. chair, drawn by fix horfes, mares, geldings, afles, or Chap. 47. mules, the fum of two (hillings and two-pence , for every ^ coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair,* drawn by four horfes, mares, geldings, afles, or mules, the fum of one (hilling and one penny; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, drawn by two horfes, mares, geldings, afles, or mules, the fum of fix-pence halfpenny ; for every waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, with four wheels, drawn by two horfes, mares, geldings, afles, or mules, the fum of one lhilling and feven-pence-halfpeany, and for every additional horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, drawing the fame, the fum of two* pence; for every waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, with two wheels, drawn by three horfes, mares, geldings, afles, or mules, the fum of five pence; for every waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, drawn by two horfes, mat*es, geldings, aflfcs, or mules, the fum of three-pence ; for every carriage, commonly called a chaife or chair, with one horfe, mare, or gelding the fum of four pence ; for every car, cart, or other carriage, having but one horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, whereon one or more perfons (hall ride, the fum of one pennv-halfpenny; for every horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mole, laden ot unladen, and not drawn, or having any perfon	*

s riding thereon, the fum of one penny ; for every horfe, gelding, mare, afs, or mule, drawing turf or hay, the fum of one halfpenny; for every drove of oxen, or neat . cattle, the fum of one penny per head; and for every drove of calves, hogs, (beep, or lambs, the fum of one halfpenny per head ; and thp money fo to be raifed (hall be veiled in faid truflees, and applied to the ufes herein after mentioned ; and the faid trultees, or any feven or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as they, or any five or more of thei%, under their hands and feals (hall duly authorize, are hereby empowered to levy the toils and duties aforefaid, uport any perfon or perfons, who after demand thereof (hall negtett or refufe to pay the. fame, by diftrefs of any cattle or goods upon which fuch tolls and duties are hereby impofed, or any goods or chatties whatfoever of fuch perfon or perfons fo negle&ing or refilling to pay fuch tolls or duties, and may detain fuch cattle, goods, or chatties, until fuch toll or duty, with the reafonable cofts and charges of diftraioing and keeping the fame (hall be paid; and if fuch tolls or duties, with fuch reafonable cofts and charges. Dial] not be paid within five days next after fuch diftrefs (hall be fo taken, it (halfaod may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as they, or any five or more of them,

f	ihall

Digitized by

Dogle

2}*

The thirtieth Tear of George ill.

Expcnces of ere&ing turnpikes paid out of firlt monies received, &c.

Perfons contracting to make or widen road, to fwear the iollowing

lhall authorise as aforefaid, to fell the cattle, goods ot chatties fo diftrained thereby, to levy the tolls and duties which fiich perfon or perfons (hill fo neglect or refufe to pay, together with fuch reafonable cods and charges, returning the overplus upon demand to fuch perfon or perfons.

II. And be it ena&ed bv the authority aforefaid. That out of the firft monies to arife by fuch tolls or duties, the faid trudees or any feven or more of them, ihall pay and difeharge the expences of ere&ing turnpikes and toll-hoofes in and upon the faid road, for the better coUcding of the tolls and duties aforefaid ; provided that no fuch turnpike or toll houfe (hall be ereded nearer to the towns of Char-leville or Mallow than one Englifti mile; .and after the purposes aforefaid (hall be compleated, that then the tolls and duties aforefaid (hall be applied towards the making, widening, and repairing the faid road, or in paying fuch perfon or perfons fuch fum and fums of money as (hall be coo-traded for by the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, for the making, widening, or repairing faid road, or any part thereof, and which tj*e faid trudees, or aoy feven or more of them, are hereby empowered to do.

Ilf. Provided always. That no part of the faid road (hall be fo ordered to be made, widened, or repaired, un-lefc the perfon contra&ing for the fame do fwear an affidavit, in the form following :

Affidavit.	f	do fu,ear> that 1 ha*ve lately view*

ed and meafured	plantation	perches of the turn-

pike ready from the hounds of the county of Limericky between Kilmallock and Cbarleville, to the city of Corky between the lands of	and	and including my

wages y at the rate of one frilling and fix Spence by the day, that it will require the fum of	effeSually to

make, widen, or repair the faid	plantation perches,

being at the rate of	by the plantation perch,

and that thefaid work is neee/fary, and including fuch my wages, that it cannot he effectually done for a hffer fum, to the heft of tnyjkll and judgment, and as 1 eerily believe.

Surveyor’s Andunlefs one of the furveyors of the faid road, who (hall affidavit.	be	appointed	in	manner herein after mentioned, (hall, at

the foot of fuch contra&or’s affidavit, fwear an affidavit in the form following:

1	do fwear, that I have within fourteen days

I aft paft inf petted the entire of the turnpike-road in the above affidavit mentioned, and that the	plantation	perches

thereof, therein deferihed, at prefent jlands more in need of he-

Digitized by L.OOQLC

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

ing made, widened, or repaired, than any other part or parts efifaid road, as 1 verily believe ; and that the work in the above affidavit mentioned is nectjfary, and including wages for the con traSor, at the rate of one /hiling and fix-pence by the day, that it cannot he done for a Iff.r fum than at the rate of

by the plantation perch, to the befi of my /kill and judgment, and as I verily believe. ,

IV.	Provided alfo, That no money fo contracted for making, widening, or repairing any part of faid road fwear fw 0W4n* fhall be ordered to be paid, unlefs the perfon who fo contra&ed (hall fiyear an affidavit in the form following:

/	*	dofwear, that 1 have effectually and Affidavit.

completely made, widened, or repaired	1	plantation

perches of the turnpike road, f70m the bounds of the county of Limerick, between Kilntallock and Charhville, to the city of Cork, by me contractedfor, between the lands of and	at	a	meeting of tie trufiees of the faid road on

the	day	of	lafi.

And unlefs one of fuch furveyers fhall, at the foot of fuch contractor’s affidavit, fwear an affidavit in the form £oU lowing:

1	do fwear, that I have within fourteen days laftpaft infpefied the	plantation

perthes mentioned in the above affidavit, and that the fame are effectually and completely made, widened, or repaired, as above is fit forth, to tip befi of my /kill and judgment, and as 1 verily believe.

Which affidavits the faid truftees, or any three or tnore of 3 tr&ftee* miy them, may fwear the parties to, and the treafurer of faid fwear partiei. road (hall keep all fuch affidavits on files for that purpofe, for the infpection of all or any perfon or perfons who fhall think proper.

V.	And be it further enaCled by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons having land in his, her* or ferine o"her»"to their pofleffion, adjoining to or near any turnpike or toll- thro’ land* houfe ere&ed or built, or which fhall be ere&ed or built on to avoid toll*, the faid road, or any part thereof, (hall knowingly permit or fuffer any perfon or perfons to pafs through his, her, or their lands, in order to fuch perfon or perfons avoiding the payment of any fuch toll or tolls, duty or duties, by this ad impofed, and be thereof convi&ed by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnclfes before the faid truf-

tecs

Contractor

Digitized by LjOOQle

forfeit 20*.

Turnpikes

may be cre&ei •n fide of road.

7 tmfteci may appoint t or more coUoftori of tolls

Tie thirtieth Tear of George II I.

tees, or any feven or more of them, or before any one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county where fuch offence (hall be committed, which oath thefaid truftees, or any feven or more of them, or fuch juftice or juftices, are hereby authorized and empowered to adminif-ter, every perfon for every fuch offfence as he or they (hall be fo convicted, (hall forfeit and pay to the faid truftees, to be applied in manner as the tolls and duties aforefaid are dire&ed to be applied, the fum of twenty (Killings, to be levied by diftrefs and (ale of the goods of the perfon of per-Tons fo offending, by warrant under the hands and feals of faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, or of fuch juftice or juftices, rendering the overplus upon demand to the owner.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, to ered turnpikes or toll-houfcs, or a turnpike or toll houfe on the fide of the high-way, acrofs any way leading out of faid road, and there to receive and take the toll and duties by this all impofed ; provided that no perfon (hall in any one day be fubjed to pay fuch toll or duty a fecond time.

Vfl. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, at their firft meeting, or any fucceeding meeting, by writing under their hands and feals, (hall and may elect, nominate, and appoint one or more fit perfon or perfons to be receiver or receivers, colledor or colledors of fuch money, in the name of fuch toll or duty, as (hall be due and payable by virtue of this ad, and alfo one or more fit perfon or perfons to be furveyor or furveyors, to fee the condition of the (aid highway or road, and to fee that the fame be repaired and amended, and that the money arifing and expended by virtue of this ad, be duly applied and from time to time to remove fuch colled^rs, receivers, and furveyors, or aqy, or either of them, as they (hall fee occa-fion, and appoint new ones in cafe of death or of fuch removal, and fuch perfon or perfons as is or are by this ad Jliabe to pay the faid toll or duty, is and are hereby required to pay the fame after the rates aforefaid to the faid receiver or receivers, collcdor or colledors of the faid toll or duty in that behalf, from time to time fo to be appointed, and all fuch furveyor or furveyors as aforefaid, before ho or they (hall be entitled to be paid his or their (alary or fa* laries, (hall upon the firft Monday in every month, or oftener, if thereto required by any three or more of the laid truftees, by writing under their hands, fwear an affidavit before any three or more of the faid truftees, which the laid truftees, or any thr(ee or more of them, are hereby

empowered

Digi . j > . )Qgle

22 4

^The thirtieth Tear of George III.

empowered and required to (Wear him to, that he fcath A. D. within fourteen days then laft infpe&ed the entire of the	179o.

laid turnpike road, and that he hath therein made true re- Chap. 47. tarn, of all and every nuifance or nuifances, encroachment V— or encroachments, that have fince the laft meeting of the furveyor to truftees been made thereon, or on any part thereof, and fw<=ar afluhrit, that he hath as far as in Kia power profecuted all offenders M therein, according to law, and that as well luch furveyor or furveyors, as fuch receiver or receivers, colleftor or colleftors, (hall on the firft Monday in every month, or oftener, if required, during the continuance of this aft,

Kpon oath as atorefaid, give in a true, exaft, and perfect account in writing, under their refpeftive hands, of all money which he and they, and every or any of them, (hall to fuch time have received, paid, and difburfed by virtae of this aft, by reafon of their refpeftive offices, for which oaths, or any of them, no fee or reward (hall be taken; and in cafe any money fo received, (hall remain in their or any of their hands, the fame (hall be paid to the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, or to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, as they are qualified to aft, (hall by any writing or writings under their hands and feals, authorize and empower to receive the fame, which (hall be according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, and not otherwife: and the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, to whom fuch account (hall be given, (hall and may, out of the money arifing by the faid toll or duty, make fuch al- ' lowance to the faid receiver or receivers, colleftor or col-leftors, furveyor or furveyorg, for and in confideration of his and their care and pains reipeftively taken in the execution of his and their office and offices and to fuch other perfon or perfons who have been, or (hall be affiftiug in and about procuring the faid road, or any part thereof, to be amended or repaired, by advancing or laying out any fum, or otherwife relating ch-reto as to them (hall feem fair and juft : provided no fuch allowance or allowances to any fuch receiver or receivers, colleftor or colleftors, do annually exceed in the whole the fum of forty pounds, or to any fuch furveyor or furveyors, the fum of two (hillings and fix pence by the day, during luch time or times as he or they (hall be refpeftively employed in the repair of the faid road; and that no fuch allowance or allowances to any other perfon or perfons who ihall be employed by virtue of this aft, do exceed the fum of fifteen pounds yearly ; and in cafe the faid receiver or receivers, colleftor or colleftors of the aforefaid toll and dqty , or any of them, (hall not make fuch account and payment unto fuch perfon and per-tons, according to the orders and direftions of the faid truf-

tces.



igitized by

y;Goeg]^



The thirtieth Tear of George III.

A. D.	tees, or any fire or more of them as hforefaid, that then

1790.	the faid juilices of the peace at any fpecial feflions, or

Chap. 47.	meeting of them, to be holden for the county in which the

faid receirer or receivers, collector or colledors, hare a€t± ed or have been employed, and made iuch default as afore-faid, fhall and are hereby required and empowered to make enquiry, and finally to determine of and concerning fuch default, as weil by confeflion or examination upon oath of the faid parties themfelves, as by the teftimony of one or more credible witnefs or wttneffes upon oath, which oath they are hereby empowered and required to adminifter, without fee or reward; and if any perfon or perfons foal! bfe convjded thereof by fuch juilices, the faid juilices upon fuch convidion, fhali commit the party or parties to the common gaol of the county vvhefe iuch offence fhall be committed, there to remain without bail or main prize, until he or they fhall have made a true and perfcdl account and payment as aforefaid.

Surveyors	VII.	And	be	it	further enadled by the authority aforefaid,

*<; nuy dig That it (hall and may be lawful for fuch furveyor or furvey-gravei, See. out ors fo to be appointed, and fuch perfon or perfons as they of wafte or com* fhall employ in the making, widening, or repairing the faid m°in w.Ithout road, or any part thereof, to dig, raife, gather, take, and Pa),nS»	carry away any gravel, fand, Hones, or other materials

out of any wade or common, in or near which it (hall be neceffary to make, widen, or repair the faid road, 01 any part thereof, without paying any thing for the fame; and in cafe there (hall not be fufficient of fuch materials in any fuch walle or common, convenient to the place or place* where it lhall be necellary to make, widen, or repair the faid road, or any part thereof, it lhall and may be lawful for fuch furveyor or furveyors, by order under the hands ?nd fealsof the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, to dig, gather, raife, and take the fame, in one of the fe-veral, or any of the ground's of any perfon or perfons convenient to the place or places where it lhall be neceffary to make, widen, or repair the faid road, or any part thereof aot being a garden, orchard, yard, meadow, gravel-walk, or any avenue to a houfe where any fuch materials arc or may be found, and from time to time to carry away fo i	much thereof as fuch furveyor or. furveyors in their refpec-

tive places (hall adjudge neceffiry for the making, widening, or repairing the laid road, or any part thereof, paying fuch rate for fuch materials, and for the damage to the owner or occupier of the grpund from whence the fame (hall be digged, railed, gathered, or carried away, as the truftees appointed, or to be appointed to put this ad in execution, or any five or more of them, (hall adjudge reasonable; and in cafe of stay difference between fuch owner or

occupier

1

The thirtUlh Tear of George MI.

occupier, and the faid truftees, touching the value of the materials and damage aforefaid, the judges of aflize and general gaol delivery, or the juftices of the peace at the quarter ieffions to be holden in the county where fuch rna. terials (hall be digged, railed, or gathered, and from whence the fame (hall be carried away, (hall and may adjudge, a fiefs, and finally determine the fame ; and if any	,

perion or perfons (hall obftruft or prevent any fuch furveyor	°kr-

, or furveyors, or any perfon or perfons, who by them, or v^0r, ftc. any of them, (hall be employed in digging, raiGng, or ’ carrying away fuch materials, every fuch perion or perfons ,	'

fo obftrudling or preventing, being thereof convi&cd before the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, or before any juftice of the peace for the county where fuch offence (hall be committed, by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, which oath he or they is, and are hereby empowered to adminifter, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay to the faid truftees, for the ufes and forfeit a fumnot purpofes of this aa fum not exceeding five pounds, to exceeding 5I. be levied by warrant under the hands and feals of the faid tfoltees, cr any feven or more of them, or of fuch juftice of juftices, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuch of-ffchder, rendering the overplus upon demand, to the owner.

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, surveyors. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid furveyor &c. to remove or furveyors, and fuch perfon or perfons as he or they (hall annoyances, as appoint, and they are hereby required diligently, from herein, time to time, to remove and prevent annoyances on any part of the faid road hereby intended to be repaired, by removing any filth; flraw, potatoe ftalks, dung, alhes, rubbilh, water-courfes, finks or drains running into, or upon the faid highways or roads, and by cleaning any ditch or water-courfe adjoining to the faid road, or by cutting down, lopping, or topping any trees or bu(hes ■ growing in or over the faid road, or any part thereof, or in any hedge or bank adjacent thereto, or any part thereof, and to take and carry away the fame, the owners or occupiers negle&ing to cut down fuch trees or bu(hes, or to remove fuch other annoyances for the fpace of two days after notice in writing given for that purpofe, under the hand or hands of fuch furveyor or furveyors, or of any two or more of the faid truftees, the charges whereof (hall be	,

reimburfed to the faid furveyor or furveyors, truftee or • truftees, by fuch owner or occupier fo negle&ing to cut down the laid trees or bufhes, or to remove fuch other annoyances as aforefaid, and if after removal of any fuch annoyances, any perfon or perfons (hall again offend in the like kind, every fach perion or perfons fo offending, and

being



Digitized by

Google

224	Tic	thirtieth	Tear af George III.

A. D* being ihereof convided by the oath of one or more credible 1790.	witnefs or witneffes, before the (aid trullees, or any five or

Chap. 47.	more °f them, or before one or more juftice or juftices of

the peace for the county where (uch offence (hall be committed, (hall for every iuch offence forfeit and pay unto the faid trullees, the fumof ten (hillings, to be levied in manner a fore faid.

Surveyor*, &c X. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

may make	That it Hiali and may be lawful to and for the faid furveyor

caufewayt,	0f furveyors, by order of, the faid trullees, or any feven

or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as fuch furveyor tjguou* to road, .	„	*	.	r	r	,	,	/

or furveyors (hall appoint, to cut, make, and cred, or

caufe to be cut, made, and ereded, caufeways, drams, or ditches, through and upon any ground lying contiguous to the faid road, and to ered arches of brick, timber, or ftonc thereupon, in fuch places, and in fuch manner as fuch fur-Veyor or furveyors by order of the faid trullees, or any feven cr more of them, (hall adjudge neceffary, for the better amending and keeping the faid road, and every part thereof in good repair, by opening, cleanfmg, and taking into the faid road, or any part thereof, fuch part or parts of the grounds of any perfon or perfons lying contiguous thereto, not being a houfe, garden, orchard, planted walk, or avenue to a houfe, as (hall be deemed neceffary by the faid trullees, or any feven or more of them, making fuch reafonable fatisfadion to the owner or occupier or fuch ground through which any fuch caufeway, drain, ditch, or arch, (hall be cut, ereded, or made for the damages which he or they (hall or may thereby fullain, as (hall in ' cafe of any difference concerning the fame, be affeffed and adjudged by the next going judge or judges of aflize, at the next general afiizes, or Dy the major part of the jufticts at the next feflions of the peace to be holden for the county in which faid ground through which any fuch caufe.vay, drain, ditch, or arch ftiall be cpt, ereded, or made, fhail be ; and if any owner or occupier of any water-courfe or water-courfes, ditch or ditches adjoining to the faid road, or anv part thereof, (hall negled or refufe to fcour or cleanle fuch water-courfe, or to make fuch ditches fo deep, and in fuch manner as the furveyor or furveyors (hall adjudge proper and convenient, after eight days notice (hall be given for that purpofe by fuch furveyor or furveyors, or by (uch perfon or perfons as (hall be by him or them fo ap* pointed to fuch owner or owners ; it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch fuch furveyor or furveyors, or fuch perfon or pci fops to be by him or them fo appointed, to fet any man or pien to work, to fcour or cleanfe^and make the fame, and by warrant under the hands and feals of anv £v?n or more of the laid trullees, or of any juffice or juftices

Digitized by

Google

/

Tbs thirtieth Tear of Gcofgt I1T.	tig

Jtices of the county in which fuch water-courfc or ditch (hajl A. D. -be, to levy the charges thereof upon the perfons, goods, .1790. or eftates of the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers of ^ fuch water-courfe, ditch or ditches, by difcefs andfalp of . his, her, or their goods and chattels, rendering the overplus Upon.demand, to fuch oWncr or occupier, after all charges paid.	..	..

.XI. Provided always. That it (hall and rosy be lawful Owner may, for fuch owner dr occupier, who (hill think himfelf pr themfelves aggrieved* to eomplain to the juft}cc£ at tfye jufticc* at next hext feffions of the fence for the county in which fuch wa- feffioni. tcr-courie or ditch (hall be, of his or their being fo ag-grieved, giving eight days notice to fuch furveyor or fur-veyors of fuch his or their intention to complain, and fajd juftices ihall pive fuch relief. Or difmifs fuch complaint, as • to them (hall feem meet:

XII. Ar.d be it fur the 1 enabled by the authority afore- 9 trufteet may faid. That it Ihall and may be lawful to and for the faid afeertair. parts trullees, or any dine or more of them, to afcertaini de	widen-*

feribe, and fet apart fuch part and proportion of the lands	^"

adjoining or cortigaous to the.faid road, Or any part there-	*

Of, or which otherwise lie moll convenient for widening the faid road. Or any part thereof, to a breadth not exceeding forty-one feet horn ditch to ditch, and for carrying or altering the courfe of, or continuing the fame or . any part thereof llraight, or in more convenient lines,, not being houfes, gardens,' parks, paddocks* avenues, plantations, or planted Walks, as the laid truftees*. Or any nine or more of them, (hall judge necelfary for widening or altering the courfe of* or carrying on the fame or any part thereof llraight* or in more convenient lines as sforefaid; and the faid trullees, or any nine or more of them, are hereby further authorized and empowered to treat and agree with the ownerJ, and others interetled in the faid grounds, to be made ufc of in widening the courfe of, altering or carrying the faid road, or any part thereof ftraight, 6r in more convenient lines as aforefaid, for fuch recompcnfe and fatisfadtion to be made to fuch owner, and others, for the fame, out of the tolls and duties to arifd by virtue of this adl, as the faid trullees, or any nine or more of them,

(hall think fit and reafonabte; and in cafe any perfon or perfons fttall nregledl or refufe to tredt or agree as aforefavd, or through any difability,' by non-age, coverture, or fpc-cial limitation in any fettiemrent or fculements, or by reafon of any other impediment,' cannot, or (hail, other wife hpw-foever refufe to difpofe of their refpedtive intereft in fuch lands, as the faid trullees, or any nine or more of them,-(hall think convenient for the widening, altering the courfe of,’ or (hortenmg the laid road, or any part thereof, or Vol. IX.	P	carrying}

«

Digitized by (^.ooQLe

126	The thirtieth Tear of George 1U.

A. D. carrying the fame, or any part thereof, in more convenient 1790.	lines, in every or any fuch cafe the faid truftees, or any

’"Chappy.	nine or more of them, are hereby authorized and empow-

cred to iffue forth their warrant or warrants to the (herifiT or iheriifs of the county wherein fuch ground doth lie, to impannel and return before the truftees, or any nine or more of them, at fuch time and place within the faid county, as (hall be appointed in fuch warrant or warrants, a fufficient jury, who upon their oath, which oath the faid truftees, or any nine or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to adminifter, (hall enquire into the true and real value of fuch ground fo to be made ufe of for the faid highway or road, and fuch verdifts or inquihtions as (hall be found and returned by the faid jury, ascertaining the value of fuch ground, (hall be final and condufive, as well to the faid truftees as to the Several and refpe&ive owners and proprietors of fuch ground, notwithftanding any difability or incapacity whatfeever.

. I5 trance, XIII. And for as much as the money to be colle&ed by may affign tolls fuch receipt of the toll will not at prefent be fufficient for for any term, the fpeedy widening or repairing the faid road ; be it fur-during wntinu. therer.a&ed by the authotity afore faid. That the faid trof-ance of this aft. tccf> or any ftftcen or morc 0f them, (hall and may, and are hereby empowered, from time to time, by writing under their refpeftive hands and feals, to afiign over the (aid toll or duty hereby granted, or any part thereof, the coft and charges whereof to be borne and paid out of fuch toll or duty, for any time or term during the continuance of this a&, as a fecurity for any fum or fums of money by them to be borrowed for that purpofe, to fuch perfon or perfons, or their truftees, who (nail advance and lend the fame, to Secure the re-payment thereof, with lawful in-tereft, or lefs, if the fame can be (b had, which faid money borrowed, (hall be applied and difpofed of in manner* and to fuch ufe as the tolls and duties aSorefaid, are herein before direAed to be applied, and to no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.

15 truftees XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefaid, may order pav- That k (hall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any mentof intersft fifteen or more of them, at any meeting to be held by them, half-yearly. from t5Jnc t0 & make out orders under their hands to the treafurer or receiver of the tolls or duties to arife by vir-• toe of this alt, to pay fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be 4 named therein, their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns,

^ the growing iRtereft of the fum or fums to be mentioned in fuch order or orders, by half-yearly payments, until the principal fum or fums in fuch order or orders to be mentioned, (hall be discharged ; provided that no fuch order (hall be given for a fam exceeding the. fum of ftfty pounds,

I - *	and	*

0

Digitized by v^ooQie

Tit thirtieth Year of GcOrgc IIIr

aiid f«dh trtafiirer or receiver (hall arithmetically number all filch order* as a* (hall be fo made or delivered out, com-mencmg with No. I until the whole (hall be numbered, artd that it (hall and may be lawful for all and every fuch perfon and perfon* to whom fuch order or orders (hall be . given, hi* or their executor* or adminiftrators, by endowment, to transfer the beuhet of fuch order or orders to fuch other perfon or perfons as he or they (hall think fit, and .upon notice of any fuch endorfement or endorfements to the treafiirer or receiver of fuch tolls and duties, and upon entering a memorial of fuch endorfement or endorfements in a book which fuch treafurer or receiver is hereby required to keep for the purpofe, and which hook fuch treafurer or receiver is hereby required without fee or reward to permit to be viewed by any perfon at all reafonable hours, fucli endorfement and memorial thereof fo to be entered as afore-faid, (hall entitle fuch' ojdorfee or afiignee, endorfees or aflignees, his or their executors, adminitlrators, or affigns*, tathe foie benefit of fuch order or orders, fo to be tiansferr-cd and aifgned in manner aforefaid,and fuch order or orders may in the like maimer be transferred by fuch endorfee or afiignee, his executors or admir.iftrators, to fuc other perfon or perfons as he or they ihall think t, and fo as often as occafion (hall or may require; and that it (hall not be in the power of any perfon or perfons who (hall have made, fuch afiignmeat or alignments, to releafe or difeharge fuch order or orders, or the fum or Turns thereby transferred, or any part thereof.

XV. And be it further enarted by the authority nf re- When furphis faid, that when and fo foot* as by receipt of the (aid tolls ofjort.^buvc-and duties, there (hall be a furplus at any time arm untirg intcreft ; to the fum of two hundred pounds, over and above what ihall be fuificient to difeharge the intend of the funis fo to app|jc<j jn be borrowed, and for the making, widening, and repairing charge of j»iiaci-the faid road, and for the other purpofes by this art directed, pai. fuch furplus (hall be applied in difeharge of faid principal fums fo borrowed, and for that end as often as fuch furplus ihall fo amount to two hundred pounds, the treafurer or receiver of the faid road is hereby required to caufe the numbers of all orders iflued, and of the fums therein menti* • oned, to be written on feparate tickets, to be rolled up and fealed, and put into a box or urn, and well mixed, and an	1

indifferent perfon ihall be appointed by the faid trufte$s, or any five or mpre of them, who (hall publickly between the hours of twelve and two o’clock, on a day whereof, and of the purpofe of meeting, twenty days previous notice Ihall beadvertifed in the Cork newfpapets, draw out as many of (aid tickets as (hall amount to fuch furplus money, a ad vh<

P 2	peri	on



Digitized by

220	7 he	thirtieth Tear of George tit.	.

A. D* perfon or perfons to whom fuch number or numbers (b 1790. drawn, (hall then belong, his or their executors, adtninif-Chap. 47. trators or afligns, fhall within twenty days after foch draw-( ing, be paid the principal and intereft of the fums mentioned in 'he orders to which fuch numbers as (hall be fb drawn, (hall belong, and fuch perfon and perfons (hall give up bis or their faid order or orders to be cancelled, and the intereft of the fums for which fuch order or orders (hall be given, (hall ceafe from and after the fpace of twenty days next after fuch drawing, jtruftfe* XVI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-may demife, &c. faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid all or pan of truftees, or any nine or more of them, by any agreement toll*, &c. for or agreement , leafe or leafes, demife or demifes, to be year™°rC *	l^em	under their hands and feals executed, to demife,

leafe, fet, or fell all or any part of the faid refpe&ive tolls and turnpikes to fuch perfon or perfons, for fuch time and term not exceeding two years, as the faid truftees, or any nine or more of them, (hall think fit, for the beft and moll yearly rent or income that can be had or got for the fame ; provided altvays, That they (hall be fo let or fold by public cant to the higheft and faireft bidder, and that notice thereof fhall be given by advertisement in two at lead of the Cork newfpapers, fourteen days at lcaft previous thereto, and (hall be continued in every publication of faid papers from thence until the day of faid cant* and that ail and every fuch yearly rent or income (hall be applied in manner as herein before is diredled ; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for all and every fuch perfon or perfons wha (hall take any leafe or leafes, demife or demifes, of all or any part of the faid refpc&ive tolls and turnpikes, or as (hall buy the fame for and during faid period ef time, and no longer, to take and receive, to his and their own proper ofe and benefit, the tolls and duties which (hall arife from foch refpcAive turnpikes, as he or they (hall fo refpedtively take, he or they paying to the faid truftees, or to their treafurer or receiver, the faid refpe&ive rents, or yearly income, or purchale thereof, according to their refpe&ive agreements, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

^	^	XVII.	Provided always, That no part of the (aid tolls or

<Vn'ilVd, Sec.	duties fhnil be fo demifed, let, or fold to any perfon or per*

urrtt 14 days	fons whatfoever, until notice	of the time and place of meet-

r.r ice given,	jng to fet or fell the faid	tolls (hall be fo sdvertifed in

ic- “	the faid Cork newfpapers	as aforefaid, fourteen days at

the lea ft before fuch letting, and that no meeting of the faid truftees in any other place, fave in the town of Char-lc*vil!e, or in the town of Mallow, or in the town of Do-neraile, for any of the purpofes for which this afl is in-<

tended

3

The thirtieth Tear of George III.

239

tended, dull be dedmed a meeting within the intent or A D. meaning of this ad.	1790.'

XVIIf. And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. Chap. 47.

That in cafe there (hall be more than one gate or turnpike	-----

in, acrofs, or on the fide of the faid road, no perfon or Tolls to be perfons who (hall have paid the toll or duty at the firlt gate Pa,*d at * g*tc or turnpike through which (uch perfon or perfons (hall .pafs, onlf* and prodmfing a note or ticket that the faid toll or duty was paid, which note or ticket the xeceiver or receivers, collector or collectors of the faid tolls or duties i9, and are hereby required to give gratis, (hall be liable to pay any ticket, toll or duty at any other of the faid gates or turnpikes upon, . acrofs, or on the fide of the faid high-way or road, fuch 6 perfon or perfons delivering the faid note or ticket to the faid receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, of the faid toll or duty at the latter gate or turnpike the feme day, and no perfon or perfons having occafiou to pafs the place or places where the toll or duty is taken, who (hall return the fame day upon or with the fame horfe, mare, gelding, afs, mule, cattle, coaph, chariot, herlin, chaife, chair, calafh, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, (hall be liable or pompellible the fame day to pay the faid toll or duty more than once on the faid road.

XIX.	And foi preventing frauds and abufes in the col- . P^fona leCting the faid tolls or duties ; be it further enaCted by the Yi-kV* authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons having to IvoLl colh paid the toll or duty by this aCt granted and made payable,

and having fuch note or ticket, notes or tickets as hereby directed, (hall give or difpofe of the fame to any other perfon or perfons, in order to avoid the payment of the faid toll or duty, every fuch perfon giving, difpofing, or offering, and the perfon receiving fuch note or ticket,, notes or tickets, and being thereof convicted upon Qath before the faid truftees, or any five or moi;e of then)., or before any one or more juftice or jultices of the peace for the coutty wherein fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, which oath the faid truftees, and the faid juftice or juftices, are hereby empowered to administer, (hall refpeCtively forfeit and pay the fum of one pound fterling, to be levied, reco- forfeit il.‘ vered, and difpofed of as any other penalty or forfeiture is directed to be levied, recovered, and difpofed of by this aCt.

XX.	Provided always. That during the continuance of pcrfonscx. this aCt, all paflengers in carriages, or on horfeback, (hall emptcd from pafs and re-pafs toll free* on the day or days on which paving colls, there (hall be an election for knight or knights of the (hire

toferve in parliament for the county of Cork, or of a citizen or citizens for the county of the city of Cork, or for ^ny hurgefs or burgeffe* for any borough in the county of'

Cork,,

0

The thirtieth Tear of George IJI«

Cork, and that no perfon (ball be charged with any of the tolls or duties aforefaid, who (hall pafs through any of the turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this ad, who (hall cirry any quantities of (lone, gravel, or other materials for repairing the faid road, or any part thereof, or any other road in the neighbourhood of faid turnpike, or who (hall pafs through the fame with any carts, cars, or waggons loaded with corn in the draw only, or with any ploughs, hirrows, or other implements of huflsandry, in order to the ufingof, or repairing of the fame, nor (hall any fuch toll or duty be demanded or taken at any of the turnpikes Co to be erected, for any horfc, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, or other cattle going to water, or for any poft horfc carrying the mail or packet of letters, of his Majefty, his heirs or f icceifors, or for fuch horfc as is or (hall he afcd only to ridb* or by the owner or driver of any waggon, cart, or carriage; provided fuch horfe psfs through the faid turnpike or turnpikes with fuch waggon, cart, or carriage, »or (hall any toll or dJty be demanded or taken for the horfe or horfes of any foidi^r or foldiers pafling through the fame, that is or are upon his or their march, pr for waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages attending them, or for horfes, waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages travelling with vagrants fent by pa(Jes, or with prifoners trunfmitted froiq one part of the kingdom to another.

__ _____ XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

tnay agree with faid. That the faid truftecr, or any five or more of them, perform, asl.ere- may, and are hereby empowered from time to time, as they m, by the year, foal! fee convenient, or think fit, to compound or agree by the year, or otherwife, with any perfon or perfons ufing to travel through any of the faid turnpike or turnpikes fo to be freded on tne faid road, with any milch cow, horfe, mare, or gelding, afs, or mule, or with any coach, berlin, chariot, caUfh, chaifc* chair, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, for any fum or furas of money to be paid quarterly, from time to time after fuch agreement (hall be made.

XXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid. That in cafe any of the truilees fo named and ap* pointed as aforefaid by this prefent ad, (hall happen to die, or refufe to ad, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for fcven or more of the faid trudees, during the continuance of this prefent ad, to eled and appoint jo the room of fuch perfon or perfons Co deceafed, or refuting to ad, fo many more fit and able, perfons inhabitants of the county, or of the county of the city of Cork, or creditors of the faid road, by mortgage or debenture, apd np others, to join with the trudees hereby appointed inthe execution of^ this prefent ad, and all and every perfon pr perfonaTo refpedively eleded and appointed, (h&M and, jnay, find are hereby empowered

tp

5 Truftees

"When any of truftee* die or refufe to ad,

ytruftees may eled others.

Digitized by

Google.

Tbt thirtieth Tear $f George III.

*o to all intents and pur|>ofes as the faid truflees, who by this preient a& are empowered to do, and from time to time, as often as there (hall be occafion.

XXIII. Provided always, That no perfon or perions appointed by this alt, or fo to be appointed truflee or truflees for putting this alt into execution, (hall have or accept of any place of profit arifing oat of, or by reafon of the toll or duty by this ad laid or granted, but fach perfon or per-fons from the time of his or their accepting and continuing to be a truflee or truflees, (hall be incapable of hblding or enjoying fuch place of profit.

XXV. Provided ahb, That no perfon who (hall be hereafter eleded a truflee, (hall ad, in putting this ad in execution, who (ball not adually be in the pofieffion of a freehold eflate of the clear yearly value of forty pounds, or who (hall not have a pcrfonal eflate of the clear yearly value at the lead of one thoufand pounds, at the time of his. being eleded, or ading as a truflee, and that upon any doubt arifing of the value of fuch eflates, the perfon eleded before he (hall be admitted to ad as a truflee, if any other truflee (hall require it, (hall fwear that his eflate is of the faid value, before five truflees aflembled at a board, which oath the faid truflees are hereby empowered and authorized to adminifter, nor (hall anv perfon or perfons hereby appointed or eleded truflee or truflees, be admitted or allowed to ad as truflee or truflees by virtue of this ad, who is or are not qualified as aforefaid, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, in any wife not* ' with (landing.

XXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the toll or duty hereby granted, (hall take place and t>ave continuance from and after the rwenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, for and during the term of twenty*one years.

XXVI.	Provided neverthelefs. That if at any time before the expiration of the faid term of twenty-one years, all parts of the faid road (hall be fufficiently amended and repaired, and fo adjudged by the majority of the faid truflee^ appointed, or hereafter to be chofen by virtue of this aH, by an adjudication under their hands and feals, that then, and from and after fuch adjudication made, and re-payment of fuch money as (hall have been advanced or borrowed, with interefl for the fame, and the cods and charges thereof, the tolls and duties (hall ceafe and determine, any thiog herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVII And be it further enalted by the authority afore<> (aid. That the faid truflees, or any feven or more of them, (hall on the firfl Monday in the month of May, in every year, during the continuance of this act, meet in the towns of

Mallow

No truflee to hare any place of profit under this aS.

Truflee to pofiefs a freehold eflate o^ 40I yearly,

or perfonxl eflate of 1000L a year.

Toll to coot** tree for ax years.

If before expiration of a 1 years, road fuffi-cientiy amen' ed, flee 4t,ils '

Meeting of truflees.

■	■	--	1

..Qigitiz; by

Google

If any fu»t

tommence*^, Venue to lie laid wcoaoty, uc.

A public

76 G 3.to erttunue and amend (G j

*C.

The thirtieth Tear §f George III.

Mallow or Dooeraile, between the hours of twelve an$ two o’clock# and (hall there examine all books, accounts* receipts, and payments relating to the (aid road, of whicb meeting, and the'intention thereof, the treaturer or receiver of the (aid road is hereby required to advenife, fourteen days previous notice in the Cork newfpapers, and ^he creditors of the (aid road, and their agents, (hall and may be at liberty at every (uch me* ting, to regiller their debentures, and to Settle their accounts refpcftively, with the treafurer or receiver of the faid road, and to receive from the faid truftees foch intereft or principal as the funds, fhali enable them to pay at any fuch meeting,and that the faid truiltes or any five or more of them, who (hall fo meet purfu-aut to fuch notice, (hall and may adjourn to any future day, and again meet as often as it fhali be neeeflary for putting' this ad into execution, and if at any fuch meeting, a diffident number of truflees (hall not appear tp ad, or adjourn in fuch cafe, the treafurer or receiver of the faid road, fhali by notice, to fee ten days previoufly affixed at the turnpikes of the faid road, and" advertffed in the Cork newfpapers, appoint a future day within* a month, and not lefs than a fortnight, for the meeting of the fdid truflees, at all and every of which meetings the faid truflees fhali defray their own txpences.

XXVIII,	And heit’furthercnafted by the authority aforc-faid, That if any fuit fhali be commenced againll any perfon Of Merlons’ fo( any thing done in puifuance of this act, the venue fhali be laid in the coiinty, or in the county of the city of Cork, and not cifewherc, nfid the defendant or defendants in fuch ad:on or aftious, may plead the general ifiue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence on any trial to, be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuauce, and by the authority of this a6 ; and if it (hall appear fo to he dene, or that fuch aftior. or actions Gjall be brought xu any other count}', or if after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, the plaintiff (hall be non-l'uited or difconii-. nue his afticn, 01 in cafe of a demurrer, if judgment ffiall be given againll the plaint iff in either or any of luch cafes, the defendant and defendants frail have and recover treble cells, and the like remedy for the fame againft the plaintiff, as any ether defendant or defendants hath or have by law m any other cafes*

XXIX.	Ar.d be it further cnafttd by the authority afoie-faid, That this adt (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public aft, and fhali be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juflicce, and other perfons whatfeever, without f^ecially piecing the fame.

• XXX. A nd be it £nafted by the authority nforefaid. That an Adt palled in the Iweuty-eighlli year ot Ids prefent Ma-JtftV, entitled, jin ad to continue and amend an ad joffeu in the jifth year of his isle M jejbj**	entitled, jin ad for

■	•	rcbais'og

¥he thirty frjk Tear of George III.

repairing the road leading from the town of Newcafle in the county of Limerick, to the city of Limerick, and from thence ta (he city of Cork ; be continued for tfrree years, sum} to the end of the next feffion of parliament.

-----*---—7.

The Thirty-firft Year of GEORGE II*.

CHAXI.

An Aft to enable the Grand 'June* of the County df Dublin, and the County of the City of Dublin, to mgjke better Provi• fion for the Clerks of lb: Crown and Peace by Prejentment at each Quarter Sfftons for faid County and City.

*\X7’HEREAS the duty or bufinefs neceffary to be per- _ * * formed and tranfacted by the clerk or clerks of the peace for the county of the7 city of Dublin, hath, by the palfiog of feveral late a&s of parliament, been of late very much' eucreafed, and the emoluments or fees, payable to them have been very much din\inidled ; for remedy whereof* and ifi order to afford a fuflficient or adequate fum to fuch clerk or clerks of the peace for fuch their additional trouble, and in order to pay the expence or rent of an pfhee wherein the bufinefs of fu^h clerk or clerks of the peace is fo carried on or tranfafted, be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majelly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aficmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful from and after the palftng of this acf, for the grand jury of the county of the. city of Dublin, fwurn at each quarter-feflions of the peace held in ai:d for the county of the faid city, and they are hereby empowered and reqqircd to prefent the fum qf fifty posnds ilcrling, to be paid to the faid clerk or clerks of the pence for the purpofes atorefaid, the fame 10 be fo prefeoted. and raifed in addition to the fum heretofore, and now; preventable for the foid clerk or clerks of the peace, Iheriffs, and gaoler, in lieu for the fees to which the faid clerk or clerks of the peace, Iheriffs, and gaoler were formerly entitled to receive for prifoners (Jifcharged without fees, which' faid fum of fifty pounds is to be prefented and railed in like manner, and in addition to the faid fum which no\y. is, and hath been heretofore raifed ; the whole of the laid fri'tn to be paid and be payable to the clerk or clerks of th^ peace for the county of the city of Dublin ouly, in lieu lor, and as a recompenfe for fuch their additional trouble, and in order to enable them to defray the rent of an office'



The thirty frfl Tear George III.

A. D.

*79*-

Oamf jury to ‘:BC a*

fJR&OC

IUQ&

{n which the faid bufinefs of clerk or clerks of the peace for the county of the faid city is fo carried on, and alfo for defraying the expences of paffing this prefent ad, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not-' withflanding.

TL And whereas the bufinefs of the clerk of the peace for the county of Dublin, hath of late years confiderably encreafed, and the fum now prefentable for him in lieu of fees, is utterly inadequate to his trouble ; be it therefore further enabled, That it fhafl be lawful to and for the grand jury of the county of Dublin, fvrora at each quartcr-feffi-ons of the peace, to prefent any Cum not exceeding the fum of thirty pounds, to he paid to the clerk of the peace of the faid county, in addition to the fum now prefentable to the faid clerk of the peace, in lieu of all fees on mdid-tr.cnts, and as a recompenfe for his labour and extraordinary trouble in the execution of that office*

CHAP. XIV.

An AB for omen (far ? the Law refpeBtng the Linen and Hempen Manuja&urts.

Itinen called imncymnrcft, 3bd! i e of the 'Vnanth as femisu

Kfe 5r»wi»

$*c. to be Mltuileftfezlcd » herein.

ITt ghsing Swrhiar to be

WHEREAS feveral regulations which have beets beneficial to the linen manufacture in parts of this kingdom ought to be made general, be it eoaCted by the King’s mofl excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and eonfent of the lords fpirituaiand temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thai all brown linen or hempen cloth known by the name of Moneymores, or (even-eighths wide, from the fet of eight hundred, to twelve hundred, which (hall be ex-pofed to farle in any part of' Leinfter, Munfter, or Connaught, (hall be of the fame breadths and lengths when brown and bleached refpe&ively, as is required by law for thofe made in Ulfter, under the like penalties, to be recovered in the like manner.

1L And be it further enaded, That no brown linen or hempen cloth fhall be expofed to fale, or fold in any part of Munfter or Connaught, without being fealed as in Ulfter or Leinfter, under the like penalties as fuch linen or hempen cloth would be fubjeft to, if fold without being fealed in Ulfter or Leinfter.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That no perfon (hall in Leinfter, Munfter, or Connaught, ufe or keep any glazing 2	machine

The tkirtyfirfl Tear of Gaorg* III.	*3J

machine, mill, or engine for glazing or frnoothing brown A. D.

linen or hempen cloth which is to be cxpofed to fale m public 1791.

market, in order to make the fame look thicker, upon pain

of forfeiting the glazing machine or mill, the doth, and

three pounds, to be profecuted and recovered in like manner cr* c*

as is ena&ed in rcfped to the like offence in the province of

Ulftcr.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That no brown feal-maf- No brown ter in Leinftcr, Munfter, or Connaught, oranyperfon cm-

ployed by him or his affiftant in typing and lapping, (hall m ^ muu^$ buy for himfelf, or on coramiflioh, or aiuft others in buying penalty as privately or publickly any brown linen or hempen cloth, un- herein, dcr the like penalties as are ena&ed againft fuch feal-mafter buying the fame in his houfe.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That if the truftees of piwer* of the linen or hempen manufa&ures (hall judge it expedient infpe&ora, fire, at any time to appoint two perfons jointly, to execute the

office of an infpe&or general, or (ecretary, or chamberlain, each of the perfons fo appointed (hall have all the powers, and be fubjed to all the penalties and regulations which the one perfon now holding fuch office has, or is fubjed to.

VI.	Provided always, That no additional expence (hall

be incurred by the faid truftees at any time, either by in*	*»

creafe of falary, or otherwife, on account of any fuch ap- herein, pointmeot.

CHAP. XVII.

An AH to prevent the * horrid Crime of Murder, and to w-peal an Ad paffed in the Tenth Tear of King Henry the Seventh, Entitled, An A3 to make Murder of Malice pre~ penfed Treafon, and for repealing an Ad made in the Ninth Tear of Queen Anne, Entitled, An Ad for bringing an Appeal in Cafe of Murder, notvathfianding the Statute of King Henry the Seventh, whereby Murder is made High Treafon.

VT7HEREAS an ad paffed in this kingdom, in the * v tenth Year of the reign of King Henry the feventh, entitled. An Ad to make murder of malice prepenfed treafon : and whereas an ad paffed in the ninth year of Queen Anne, ^titled, An Ad for bringing an appeal in cafe of murder, notwithftanding the fatute of King Henry the feventh,

:	whereby

V

~ 'DigiTfced'by

PerfQn* herein deemed felons.

Perfon* found ruilty of murder, (hall Lbe executed as herein.

Bodies of murderers to be difpofed of as

The ihiriy-jitji Ttctt'of George III.

whereby murder is made high tredfon, and it is . fit that the faid ads fhould be repealed, and that perfons guilty of muider fhould be punifhed as felons, and not as traitors, be it therefore enaded by the King's tnoft excellent Majefty* by and with the advice and corifent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame* That the faid recited ads (hall be repealed and of no effed, from and after the firft day of Eafter term, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one ; and that all perfons who (hall from and after the faid day, commit and be found guilty of wilful murder of malice prepenfed, or of any abetment, procurement, helping, maintaining, or counfelling of, or to any fuch murder, (hall be adjudged felons, and utterly excluded from the benefit of clergy, and (hall fuffer death as felons.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of Eafter term, in the year of our lord, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, all perfons who (hall be found guilty of wilful murder, (hall be executed according to law, on the day next but one after fentence pa fled, uqlefs the fame (hall happen to be Sunday, and in that cafe on the Monday following.

XVI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the body of fuch murderer fo convided (hall, if fuch convidion and execution (hall be in the county of Dublin, or in the county of the city of Dublin, be immediately conveyed by the (heriff or (heiiffs, his or their deputy or deputies, and his or their officers, to the ball of the furgeon's compony in the city of Dublin, or to fuch other place as the faid company (hall appoint for this pur-pofe, and be delivered to fuch perfon as the faid company (hall depute or appoint, who (hall give to the (heriff or (heriffs, his or their deputy or deputies, a receipt for the fame, and the body fo delivered to the faid company of furgeons, (hall be diffeded and anatomized by the faid fur-geons, or fucb perfon as they (hall appoint for that pur-pofe ; and in cafe fuch convidion and execution (hall happen to be in any other county, or other place in Ireland, then the judge or juftice of affize, or other proper judge* (hall awaid the fentence to be put in execution the next day biut one after fuch convidion, (except as is before excepted) jyid the body of fuch murderer (hall in like manner be delivered by the (heriff or his deputy, and his officers, to the furgeon of the infirmary of the county in which fuch trial (IiaU be, if there be an infirmary of fuch couaty, and if not^

then

Digitized by

:>6gle

-t

the thirty-jirjl Ytar of George lit.	*3f

\WiVto fuch furgeon as fifth judge or juftice (hall dire& for A. D. the purpofe aforefaid.	1791.

*IV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Chap. 17^ faid, That fentertce (hall be pronounced in open court, ini-mediately after the convi&ion of fuch murderer, and before Sentence im* the court (hall proceed to any other bufiriefs* unlefs the court (hall fee reafonable caufe for poftponing the fame 5 in -	’

which fentence fllall be exprefled, not only the ufual judgment of death, but alfo the time appointed hereby for the execution thereof, and the marks of infamy hereby directed for fuch offenders, in Order to imprefs a juft horror in the mind of the offender, and on the minds of fuch as (hall be prefent, of the heinous crime of mur- * der.

V.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That after fuch judge may fentence pronounced as aforefaid, in cafe there (hall appear f^rcafonaW* reafonable caufe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the ttufC4 judge before whom fuch criminal (hall have been fo tried*

to Itay the execution of the fentence at his diferetioti, regard being always had to the true intent and purpofe of this a&.

VI. Provided alfo. That it (hall be in the power of any	Bodies of fuch judge or juft ice, to appoint the body of any fuch cri- murderers mull tninal to dc hung in chains; but that in no cafe wKatfoever the ?e differed, or body of any murderer (hall be fuffered to be buried, unlefs ^ m * after fuch body (hall have been differed and anatomised as

aforefaid, and every fuch judge 6r juftice (hall, and is hereby required, to dired the fame either to be difpofed of as aforefaid, to be anatomised, or to be hung in chains in the fame manner as Is now pra&ifed for the mod atrocious offences.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed hy the authority afore- How the

faid, That from and after fuch conviCUon, and judgment g*oler is to given thereupon, the gaoler or keeper to whom fuch cri- confine minal (hall be delivered for fafe cuftody, (hall confine fuch ^aion. prifooer to fome cell, or other proper and fafe place	■

within the prifon, feparate and apart from the other pri-

foners, and that no perfon or perfons except the gaoler or keeper, or his fervants, (hall have accefs to any fuch prifoner, without licenfe being firft obtained for that purpofe*

Under the hand of fuch judge or juftice, before whom fuch offender (hall have been tried, or under the hand of the (hcriff, his deputy, pr under fheriff;

VIII.	Provided always, That in cafe any fuch judge if there be

Or juftice (hall fee caufe to refpite the execution of fuch caufe to refpite offender fo condemned as aforefaid, fuch judge or juftice execution, re-toay relax or releafe any, or all of the reftraintt or rcgula-	£

tions Skwd. 7

Digitized by

Google

Ijt	TAr thirty firjt Ytear rf Geoigc	III.

A. 1>.

179rX*

Chapi 17*

after fcntenee to bo fed as herein.

Ptrfeni

cuing, &cc. deemed felons.

t

Jo*re£nimg, Bra affect exeev tion, traofjpar* tation.

lions herein before, or herein after dire&rd to be obferved by the gaoler or keeper of the prifon where fuch prifoner (haH bt confined, by any lice fife or writing figned by fuch judge or juftke for that purpofe, for and during the time of fucb day of execution, any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwkhftandkg-

IX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-{aid. That after fentence palled as aforefaid, and until the execution thereof, fuch offender (hall be fed with bread aud water only, and with no other food or liquor what foe vci, (except in cafe of receiving the facrament of the lord’s flipper, and except in cafe of any violent ficknefs or wound, in which cafe fome known phyfician, futgeon, or apothecary, may be admitted by the gaoler or keeper of the faid pri-fon, to adminifler necefiaries, the chriflian and funrame of fiich phyfician, furgeon or apothecary, and his place of abode, being firfr entered in the books of fuch prifon or gaol theie to remain) ; and in cafe fuch gaoler or prifon-keeper fhall offend againft, or negle& to put in execution any «>f the diredions or regulations hereby euaded to he obferveds fuch gaoler or prifon-keeper (hall, for fuch offence forfeit his office, and be fined in the fum of twenty pounds, and fuffer imprifonment until the fame be paid.

X.	And be it euaded by the authority aforefaid* That if any perfon or perfons fliall by force fit at liberty, or refeue or attempt to refeue, or fit at liberty any perfon out of prifon, who fhall be committed for, or found guilty of murder, or refeue, or attempt to refeue, any perfon convicted of murder going to execution, or during execution, every perfon fo offending fhall be deemed, taken and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and fhall fuffir death* without benefit of clergy.

XI.	And be it further enaded bj the authority afore-{aid, That if any perfon or perfons dull, after fitch; execution had, by force refine, or attempt to refeue, the body of fuch offender oat of the custody of the (her iff or his officers, during the conveyance of fuch body to any of the places hereby directed, or fhall by force refeue, or attempt to refeue fuch body from the company of furgeofis, or their officers or firvants, or from any county iufirmary, or the houfr of any fitrgeon, or other place where the lame fhall have been depofited, in purfuaneC of this a&, every perfo# fo offending fhall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty* of felony, and fhall be liable to be tranfported fdr the term of feven years, in like manner as is dire&ed by the laws now in force relating to the tranfportation of felons, and fhall be

fubject

Digitized by L>ooQte

*The fhitriyffirfi Tear of George III.	£$9

Tubbed to the like pnnifhment and methods of canv&soo, in	A*

cafe of returning into, or being found at large w ft hi a the	f 79K

kingdom of Ireland, within the laid term of feven years, in all refpe&sas by law other felons are futgo& to, in cafe of unlawfully returning from tranfportatioa. -

XII. Provided always. That any perfon charged with a Perform %are-murder, committed, or to be committed before the laid firft in ch^rg^J uiith day of Eafter term, (hall be indi&od, tried, and in all re- murder, ju*lc ipe&s proceeded agiinft, and (if convi&cd), Sentenced and executed, as if this a& had not been paflei	terd*.

CHAP.. XVIII.

An Ad to render Profecutums for Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, more eafy and cffe£hud% and for affirming tkr Jurifdtdion of the Quarter Sejffioru in Cqfet of Perjury,

WHEREAS by reafon of difficulties attending pre-fecutions for petjery, and fubor nation of perjury, thofe heinous offences have frequently gone unpunished, so the manifeft let and hindrance of jail 10c ; for remedy there-’ of, be it enabled by the King's mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and cenfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affembledi and by the authority of the fame, Th*t from and after the Wnrttnk-' palling of this ad, in every information or iodidment £br di&rnefnfar wilful and corrupt perjury, it (hall be fuffijeieni tp fet forth the fubftance of the offence charged upon the defendant, and by what court, and before whom the oath was taken (averring fnch court, or perfon or perfons to have a competent authority to adminifter the fame,) together with the proper averment or averments to falfify the matter or matters wherein the peijury or perjuries is or are affigned; and that in every information or indi&ment for fubornation of perjury, or for corrupt bargaining or contra&ing with others to commit wilful and corrupt perjury, it (hall be fufficient to fet forth the fubftance of the offence, charged upon the defendant ; and that it (hall not in cither cafe be neceflfary to fet forth the bill, anfwer, information, indidlment, declaration, or any part of any record or proceeding either in law, or in equity, or the commiflion or authority of the court or perfon before whom the perjury was committed, or was agreed or promifed to be committed.

II.	And the better to prevent great offenders fromefcap-jog punilhmeut by reafon of the cxpcnce attending fuch pro-

fecutioe.

Digitized by Google

*4<>

ffhe tbirij-frjl Tear of George lit;

A. 0.

>7$'-Chap. t8;

Court may order a ttrofecu-tion to be cat-lied on at herein.

jufHeet of peace at quirter feffions may determine in cafe* Of perjury.

fecution, be it further cna&ed by the authotity afbrefra!# That it /hall and may be lawful to and for the court before which any perfon /hall have Been examined as a witnefs upon any trial in fuch court, and fuch court is hereby authorized (flitting the coiirtr or within twenty-four hours after) to di-re& a bill of indidment to be preferred* and fuch perfon to be profecuted for the faid offence of penury* in cafe there (hall appear to the tourt a reasonable caufe for fuch profecn-tion* and to affign the party irijtured, or other perfon undertaking fueh prolecution, counfel, wf\o (had, and are hereby required to do their duty without fee or reward, and every fuch pi ofecution fo directed, fhall be carried on without payment of any tax or duty* and of any fee in court, or to any officer of the court* and the proper officer of the court (who /hall be attending when /uch profecution is dire&ed) fhafl and is hereby required without any fee or reward, to give the perfon undertaking fuch pfofeention, a certificate of the fame being directed* together with the name of the counfel afiigned by the court, which certificate (hall be deemed fufficient proof of fuch profecution having been dircAed si aforefaid ; provided that no fuch dire&ion or certificate (hall be given in evidence upon any trial to be hid purfuant to fuch direftiori as aforefaid.

lit. And whereas doubts have been entertained whether juflices of the peace have jurifdi&ion in cafes of perjury at common law, be it declared and enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it /hall and may be lawful to and for the juflices of the peace at their quarter feffions to hear and determine in all cafes of perjnry committed within therf jurifdi&ion;

CHAP.

Tlx dxriy-firji Tadr of George III.

CHAP. XIX.

*4*

A. E>.

An Ad to amend an Ad pajfid in the Eleventh and Twelfth Tears of His prsfent Maje/ly, Entitled, An .8 j'er rendering more ejfedual the feveral Laws /or the better enabling the Clergy having Cure of Souls to refide upon their Bette-feesy and to build on their refpedhe Glebe Lands, and to prevent Dilapidations, and for the Encouragement of Pro-tflant Schools within this Kingdom of Ireland, and alfo to amend an . >il petffid in tlse Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His prefent Maj$ftv9 Entitled, An Ad to amend an> Ad paffedy in the. Eighth Tear of His prefent Majejlyy Entitled, An Ad for ereding new Chapels of Eafe in the. Parijh of Armagh, awl making fitch Clsapels, and thnfe that are already ereded in faid Parijh, perpetual Cures, and for making a proper Provijion for the Maintenance of perpetual Curates to officiate in the famey and for other Pur-pofes.

'tT^HEREAS by certain claufes contained in the afore-* * faid a£U, palled in the eleveuth and twelfth years, and the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Ma-> jelly, it may happen when an aTchbilhop, bifhop, or other eccleGadical perfon, or mailer’of a free fchtxd, having ac-‘ cording to the faid a&s, begun to ereCl buildings, or make other improvements on a new fite, within hij demefne, glebe, or menfal lands, lhail die, or be removed before he fhaU have finilhed and completed the fame, and made them proper and fit for the refide nee of himfclf and luceefTors, that an unequal proportion of expence, the true intent of faid ails being confidcred, may fall • upon the fuccelTor of filch archbi.hop, bifhop, or other ecclefiallical perfon, or mailer of a free fchool, who fhall fimfh and complete the fame, .be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the' lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in all. cafes where any archbilhop, bilhop, or other ecclefiallical perfon, or mailer of a free fchool, (hall from and alter the palling of this ail, ercil any new buildings, or make other improvements on a new fite, within his demefne, glebe, or menfal lands, in fuch manner as is by the faid act puffed in the eleventh and twelfth years of his prefent Majedy directed, and (hall be removal, or fhall die before he fuall have finilhed aud completed the fame, agreeably to a memo-, VrOL. IX.	*	rial

Where any arch-bifhc'p, &c. f’yill <_rect any buiI Ifvc. and he removed a* herein, inff.rrnn ro be ma V in com-million as herein.

Digitized by Google

*4*

A. t).

179!* Chap. 19.

Sums t6 complete luch nuUd;ng», to be deduced as herein, fee.

The thtrty-Jlf^ Teaf of George lit*

rial or memorials prefented to, and approved of by tile perfon authorized and impowered to receive and approve of the fame, and made them fit and proper for the refidence of himfelf and fucceffors; and when any commiffion Audi ifiue or be granted for the purpofe of eflimating and valuing fuch new buildings or improvement*, pUrfuant to ait aft pafied in this kingdom, in the twelfth, year of his late Majcfty King George the firft, entitled# An a& to entourage building of bouftSy and making other improvements on church lands, and to prevent dilapidations, it (hall and niay be lawful td and for the perfon who is or fhall be by the laws in being authorized and impowered td grant and iffuc fddh Comuriffion, and he is hereby required to infert a claufe therein, impow-ering and authorizing the commiifionerg therein named aod appointed# to return a true, jtifl, and faithful account and ellimate, of what fum 01 fums it (hall be requifite and ne-ceflary to lay out and expend in finifhing and completing fuch buildings or improvements# purfuatnt and agreeably to fuch memorial or memorials, fo as to render the fame fk and convenient for the refidence of fuch archbifhop, bifhop, or other ecclefiaftical perfon, or maftcr of a free fchocrl, and his fucccflbrs, according to the bell of their (kill and knowledge, and alfo impowering and authorizing fuch commit fionerS to examine witneffes upou oath, for the purpafe of enabling them the better to afeertain the fum or futas it fhall be requifite and neceffary to lay out and expend, in fo finifliirtg and completing fuch buildings or improvements.

II. Arid be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That fuch furn as fhall by fuch return of faid COm-imifionera appear to be requifite and neceffary to be laid but and expended in fo finifhing and completing fuch budding* <jr improvements, (hall be deducted out of the fum which fuch archbifhop, bifhop, or other ecclefiaftical perfon, or mailer of a free fchool, his executors or adminiftrators, who /hall be removed or die before he fhajl have fo ftnifhcd and com-

pleted fuch new buildings or improvements, would have been entitled to receive, or be paid by his fuct'effors, his executors or adminiftrators, under and by virtue of the aforefaid afts, of the eleventh and twelfth years, and of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Majefty, iu cafe he had finifhed and completed the fame a* aforefaid, before Ills death or removal; and every archbifhop, bifhop, or other ecclefiaftical perfon, or mailer of a free icliool, hrs executors or adminiftrators, who fhall be removed or die before he fhall have finifhed and completed fuch new buildings or improvements, fhall obtjuin a certificate for fuch fum, as fhall amount to the difference between the fum which he, his executors,

or

Digitized by t^ooQie

7'he thirty ftrjl Tear iff George III.	243

or suWmi lira tors would have beeft entitled to receive from, A. D. and be paid by his fucceffor, his executors or adminiflrators, 1791, in cafe be had To finifhed'and completed fnch buildings or Chap. 19. improvements* and fuch fum as (hall be returned in the man-ner aforefaid, to be requifite and necefTaryto be laid out and expended in finiflling and completing fuck buildings or improvements in the manner aforefaid, and for no greater or other fum.

111.	And be it further etia&ed by the authority afore- Certificate faid. That where any certificate has been already granted, or (hall be hereafter granted to any archbifhop, bifhop, or a fum for other ecclefiaflical perfon, or mafler of a free fchool, or to buildings, fee*' his executors or adminiflrators, afeertaining the fum to be received and recovered for buildings or improvements ereAed and made by any fuch archbifhop, bifhop, or other ecclefi* aflical perfon or mailer of a free fchool, on his demefne, glebe, or menfal lands, and on a new fite therein; which buildings or improvements have been left unfinifhed and incomplete at the time of the removal or death of fuch archbifhop, bifhop, or other ecclefiaflical perfon, or mafler of a free fchool, by virtue of which certificate, any fucceffor of fuch archbifhop, bifhop, or other ecclefiaflical perfon, or mafler of a free fchool, is now charged, or may hereafter become chargeable with the payment of any fum whatfoever, that fuch fucceffor fo charged or chargeable, who (hall have fmifhed and completed fuch buildings or improvements, pur-fuant and agreeable to a memorial or memorials prefented, or to be prefented by him to, and approved by the perfon who is, or has been by the laws in being, authorized and empowered to receive and approve of fuch memorial or memorials, fo as to render the fame fit and proper for the refi-dence of himfelf and fucceffors, and (hall have obtained or fliaU obtain a certificate, as dire&ed by the faid a& of parliament, paffed in this kingdom, in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the firfl, afeertaining the fum by him expended and laid out, in finifhing and completing the faid buildings or improvements in manner before mentioned, and the yearly value of fuch archbifhoprick, bifhoprick, cc-clefiaflical benefice, or free fchool; that then and in fuch cafe, fuch fucceffor (hall be confidered as the firfl or original builder or improver on a new fite on his demefne, glebe, or menfal lands, and be entitled to all advantages and emoluments provided iBr fuch firfl or original builder or improver, by the before mentioned a&s, paffed in the eleventh and twelfth years, and in the thirteeenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Majefly, and fuch fucceffor who (hall h^ve fo finifhed and completed fuch buildings or improvements, or his executors or adminiflrators, fhall from his next and immediate fucceffor, his executors or adminiflrators, have,

receive.

Hi,

"A.

D.

' 791 • Chap. 19.

tain* fo received not to exceed 2 yeais income.

72< thirty frfl year of George III.

receive, and recover the amount of the fum of giopey by him actually laid out and expended, added to the fum by him paid to his predectffor, his executors or ad-

miniftrators.

IV.	Provided always, That the aggregate fum certified to be fo received and recovered, fhaJI not exceed rhe dear value of two years income offuch ardhbittiopndc, bifhoprick, etclefiaftical benefice or free fchool, and the firft fucceffor of the perfon who fhall liave fo finifhed and completed Fuch buildings or improvements, his executors or adminiftrators having paid fuch fum laft herein before mentioned, (hall have, receive, and recover three-fourth parts thereof from his next and immediate fucceffor, his executors or adminiftrators, which fucceffor, his executors or adminiftrators, having paid the faid three-fourth parts of the faid fum, he, his executors or adminiftrators fhall have, receive, and recover from his next and immediate fucceffor, his executors or adminiftrators, two third parts of the faid fum (that is, one moiety of the fum fo certified, and fuch fucceffor, his executors or adminiftrators having paid the frid two-third parts of faid fum, (hall have, receive, and recover from his next and immediate fucceffor, his executors or adminiftrators, one-third part of faid fum (that is one fourth part of the fum fo certified, the fiid fcveral and relpe&ivfc hum to be recovered in fuch manner, and by fuch ways and means as eccleliattical perfons. are enabled by former a&s to recover ar.y fum or fums of money laid out and expended in building, or making other improvements on their demefne, glebe, or menful lands.

V.	And whereas doubts have arifen relative to the timet of payment.^ to be made by the fucceffors of fuch arch-bifhops, bifhops, ecckfladical perfons, or matters of free fchools who fhall have ere&ed buildings, or made improvements on their demefne, glebe, or menfal lands on a new feite, and fhall have finifhed and completed the fame pur-fuant to the aforefaid ads patted in the eleventh and twelfth rears, and in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Mh jetty, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all fuch ccclcfiattical perlons and mallets erf free fchools, or their fucceffors, their executors or adminiftrators

have eomplded refpeclively, who fhall have finifhed and completed fuch hnild-improvements	or improvements as aforefaid, purfuant to the aforefaid

to be entitled to a&s, and a^° to this a&, fhall be entitled refpeftivcly to rc-the proportions ceive from their fucceffors, their executors &r admmiftratora herein Ipccified. refpeftively, the fum fo certified as aforefaid, in fuch proportions, at fuch times, and in fuch tnaaner as fhnll be herein after fpecified, that is to fay, the firft fucceffor of the perfon who fo fmiihed and completed faid buildings or 2	improve-

All bifhops, Acc. who fhall

The thirty-jirj} Tear of George III.	24	J

improvements, his executors or adminiflratora, (hall pay A. 15.

three-fourth parts of the fum fo certified in the following 1791., proportions, and at the following times, namely, one moiety Chap. 19. of the faid three-fourth parts as foon as he is become a fuo ceflbr chargeable therewith, that is at the end and expiration of one year after the death or removal of his predecefTor, and the other moiety of the faid three-fourth parts by two equal half-yearly payments wjthin the next year, but fhall not be compellable to pay the laft remaining fourth part of the fum fo certified and made payable by this and former a&s until the end and expiration of two years, to be computed from the time he became chargeable with the payment of the whole fum of money fo certified as aforefaid, that is at the end and expiration of three years from the death or removal of his predecefTor, arid the other perfons nvfucceffion, their executors or adminillrators, who fhall be chargeable with the payment of a proportional part, of the fum fo certified as aforefaid, fhall pay the moiety of the faid fum with which they are fo chargeable as foon as they fhall become fucceflbr$ chargeable therewith, (that is at the end and expiration of one year from the death or removal of their pre-aecefibr,) and the other moiety of the faid fum by two equal half-yearly payments within the next year.

VI,	And whereas it is reafonable and jufl to extend the relief provided by this act to the fuccefTors of all archbifhops, bifhops, and other ecelcfiaflical perfons, and mailers of free fchools who fhall have begun, or fhall begin to eredl and make buildings or other improvements on their refpe&ive demefne, glebe, or mtnfal lands, though not on a new feite therein, purfuant to a memorial or memorials by them re-fpt&ivcly prcfentedJ and approved of for that purpofe, and which buildings or improvements laft mentioned, have been or fhall be left unfinifhed and incomplete at the times of the removals or deaths of fuch archbifhops, bifhops, or other ecclefiaftical perfons, or mafters of free fchools 5 be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in all Commiflions cafes where any archbifhop, bifhop, or other ecclefiaftical may be iflued perfon, or mailer of a free fchool, has heretofore begun to fof buildings or ere& and make, or fhall hereafter begin t.o erect and make ^herefI|nCnU> any buildings, or other neeeffary improvements, though not on a new feite, within his demefne, glebe, or menfal lands, purfuant to a memorial or memorials, prefimted and approved of in fuch maimer, as is directed by the faid feveral	'•

adts palled in this kingdom to encourage building of houfes, and making other improvements on church lands, and to prevent dilapidations, and fhall be removed, or fhall die he‘-fpr^he fhall have fhrifhed and cgmpleted the fame agreeably to (uph memorial or memorials, and made them fit and proper

Digitized by

Google

jtaMfia

%

Sami to he expended in Co finiftiing, &c. fo be dcdu&ed herein, &c.

7le thirtyftrjl Tear of George III.

per for the refidence of himfelf and his fucceffors, and when any commiffion (hall ilfue, or be granted for the purpofe of eflimating and valuing fuch buildipgs or improvements, pur* fuant to the faid a£t palled in this kingdom, in the twelfth year of his late Majeily King George the firft, entitled, An ad to amend and explain an a3f entitled, jin ad to encourage building of houfes, and making other improvements on church lands, and to prevent dilapidations, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the perfon who is, or fhall be by the laws in be-in£, authorized and impowered to grant and iffue fuch com-* million, and he is hereby retired to infert a claufe therein, impowering and authorizing the commiffioners therein named ana appointed, to return a true, juft, and faithful account and eftimate of what fum or fums it will be requifite and neceffary to laj out and expend in completing and finifhing fuch buildings or improvements, purfuant to fuch memorial or memorials, fo as to render the lame fit and proper for the refidence of fuch archbifiiop, bifhop, oY other ecdefiaflicil |>erfon, or mailer of a free fchool, and his fuccefTors, according to the bed of their (kill and knowledge, and alfo impowering and authorizing fuch commiffioners to examine witneffes upon oath, for the purpofe of enabling them the better to ascertain the fum ot* fums it will b* requifite arid neceffary to lay out and expend in fo finilbiug and completing fuch buildings or improvements.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforc-faid. That fuch fum as (hall by fuch return of faid commiffioners appear to be requifite and neceffary to be laid out and expended, in fo finishing and completing fuch buildings or improvements, fhall be dcdu&ed out of the fum which fuch archbifhop, bifhop, or other ecclcfiaftfcal perfon, or mafler of a free fchool, his executors or adminiflrators beginning fuch buildings or improvements, not qn a new feite, and dying, or being removed before the fame were fo finifhed and completed, would have been intitled to receive from, or be paid by his fucceffor, his executors or admifiiftrators, under and by virtue of the faid feveral a&a paffed in this kingdom, %o encourage the building of hqufes, and making other improvements on church lands and to prevent dilapidations, in cafe he had finifhed and completed the fame as aforefaid, before his death or removal; and every archbifhop, bifhop, or other eclefiaflical perfon, or mafler of a free fchool, or his executors or adminiflrators who Jhall die, or fhall be removed' bfcfore he fhall have fo finifhed and completed fuch buildings or improvements, fhall obtain a certificate for fuch fum as (ball amount to the difference between the fum which he, his executors or adminiflrators would have been entitled to have Received from, and be paid by his fucceffor, his executors or

*	,	v	.	*	•	.	adminifUators,

Digitized by C-ooQle

The thirty ft rji Tear of George III,	14.7

admiaHtratora, in cafe he had fo finifhed and completed faid A. D.

buildings or improvements, and fuch Turn as (hall be returned 1791*

ip the manner aforefaid, to fte requifite and neceffary to be Chap 19.

]aid out and expended in finilhing and completing fuch build-

ings or improvements, and fuch fum as (hall be returned

in the manner aforefaid, to be requifite and tiecefihry to be

(aid out and expended in fiyifhiqg ar,d completing Inch builds

ing9 or improvements iq the jnanner aforefaid, and for po

greater or other fum.	-

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afpre- ,*u,cce*r?T*./.

r . . rT,1	.	.r	x	x	x	x	J	who have finifh-

Jaid, That where any certificate ha* beep already grant- ^ wjlo lha ^ ed, or (hall be hereafter granted, to any archhilhop, bifhop, have fin,(hod or other eccldiaftical perlon, or mailer of a free fchool, or work* fipjiun to his executors or adminiftrators, afeertaining the fum to	-

be received and recovered for buildings or improvements dered as origi- * ereclfd and made by any fuch archbiihop, bifhop, or other n*lbuilclor». ccclefiaftical petfon, or mailer of a free fchool, on his de-mefne, glebe, or rpenfal lands, \>ut pot on a new feite	%

therein, which buildings or improvements have been left unfi-pilhed and incomplete,' or lhall be left unfinifhed and in com-	,

plete at the time of the removal or death of fuch such-' bilhop, bilhop, or other ecclefiallical perfpn, or mailer ot a free fchool, by which certificate, any lucceShr of fuch archbiihop, bilhop, brother ecck!4 dlical perfon, or mailer of free fchool is now charged, or may hereafter become charge -ahlc with the payment cf any fum whatever, that fuch fuc-ceflor fo charged or chargeable, w ho lhall have finiihed and. completed fuch buildings or improvements, putfpant and, agreeably to a memorial or memorials presented* or to be prefented by him to, and approved of by the perfon who 1?, pr baa tyen by the laws in being, authorized and iin-powered to receive and approve of fuch memorial or memorials, fo as to render the fame fit and proper , for the refi-dgnee of hknfclf and his fuccefiors, and (hall have obtained, or lhall obtain a certificate as dire&ed by the faid aft, pafiedJ 19 this kingdom in the twelfth year of th^ reign of King Qeorge the firft, afeertaining the fora by hin> expended and,; laid out in fioilhipg and completing the fa id buildings or im* prpyement8 in manner before mentioned, and the yearly value of fuch archbifhoprick, bilhopxick, ecclefiallical benefice, or free fchool, that then, and in fuch cafe, fuch fuc-. cefibr (hall be gonfidered as the firft or, original builder or improver who began, faid buildings or improvements, and be entitled to all advantages and emoluments^ provided for fuch. original builder or improver, by the before mentioned a& of • the twelfth year of King George the firft, and fuch fuc-	j

ceflor who (hall have fo finiihed and completed, or who (hall> fo finilh and complete fyefi buildings or improvements, or hi*~

cxecuttjrs^

Digitized by

Google

*nd an hall’s income.

. The tblrty-frjt Tear of Gcarge III.

executors or admini lira tors, (hall from his next and immediate fucceffor, his executors or adminiflrators, have, receive, and recover a fum of money, amounting to three-fourth parts of the aggregate fum, compofed oif the fum he, his executors or adminiflrators adually paid to his predeeefTor, his executors or adminiflrators, and of the fum afeertained to have been laid out and. expended by him, in iinifliing acd completing the faid buildings or improvements.

Sum to here- IX. Provided always. That the aggregate fum fo to be exceed oncVear Pai<* anc* recovered, {hall not exceed the clear yearly value of one year and a halPs income of fuch archbifhopriek, bifhoprick, eccleiiaftical benefice, or free fchool, and fuch firfl fucceffor of the perfon who fhall have finifhed and completed fuch buildings or improvements, his executors or admin ill rators, having paid the faid fum fo to be received and recovered to his predeeefTor, his executors or adminiftiators, fhall have, receive, and recover from his next and immediate fucceffo**, his executors or adminiflrators, two* third parts thereof, and fuch fucceffor, his executors or adminif-trators, having paid the faid two-third parts of faid fum, fhall have, receive, and recover from his next and immediate fucceffor, one moiety of what he has fo paid,, the faid feve-ral and refpective futns to be paid, received, and recovered at fuch times, and fuch nidnner, and by fuch ways and means, as eceldiaftical perfoAs ereding buildings, or making improvements, not on new feites, are enabled by former ads, and by. this ad, to have, rective, and recover any fum of money laid out hi buildings, and making other improvements on their demefne, glebe, or menfal lands.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, when any hrchbifhop, biihop, or other ecckfiafiieal perfon, or mailer of a free fchool fhall die, or be removed, leaving any buildings or imptovements as aforefaid, whether on a new or an old feite unfinifhed and incomplete, that the immediate and every other fucceffor of fuch archbifhop, bifhop, ecfclefiaftical perfon, or rr-after of a free fchool, his or their executors or , adminiflrators, who fhall not finifh and complete as aforefaid, faid buildings or improvements, fhall hpve, receive, and recover from their fucceffors, their executors or adminiflrators, fuch portion© of the money paid by them, by virtue of a certificate granted under this ad, to their predeeefTor or predeceffors, or their executors or ad-mini ft rat ors, as arc appointed to be paid to ecclefiaftical ptrfons making buildings or improvements on church lands, by the aforefaid ad, pafTed in the twelfth year of his late Majefty King George the firfl, and at fuch times, and in fuch manner, as are direded by an ad paffed in the ninth i	year

Improvements, &cc. how to be regulated.

• Digitized^ Google

The thirtyfirfl Tear of George HI.

*4J

A i aS for molting more effedual an aSy entitled, An a8 to encoura

.year of his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled, A-i aS for molting more effedual an aSy to amend and explain an aft, entitled, An a8 to encourage building of houfes, and making other improvements on church lands, and to prevent (&• lapidations.

CHAP. XXII.

An AS to extend the Provtfions of an AS faffed in the Twen-ty-firfl and Twenty fecond Tears of His Majejly’s Reign9 Entitled, An /S for ejlablijhing a Bank by the Name of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

* ^T^HEREAS by an ad pafTed in the twenty-firft and Recital21 fc * * twenty-fecund years of his Majefty’s reign, entitled* %% o. 3.

An aS for eflablifhing a bank by the name of the governor and company of the bu: h of Irelandit is enacted, That his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, might by commiffion under the great feal of Ireland, authorize and appoint any number of perfone at any time after the firft day of Augufl the: next, to take and receive all'fuch voluntary fubfcrip-tions as fhould be made on or before the firft day of January in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four by any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politic or corporate, for and towards railing and paying into the receipt of his Majefty’s treafury in this kingdom, the fum of fi x hundred thoufand pounds fterling, to be paid in money, or by debentures iflucd from his Majefty’s treafury, by virtue of any a6t or a&sof parliament made in this kingdom, bearing an intereft at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and that fuch debentures fhould be taken at par from fuch fubfcriber or fubfcribers, and be confidered money by the perfons to whom the fame fhould be paid, for which fum fo to be fubferibed, a fum by way of annuity equal in amount to the intereft upon fuch debentures at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, fhould be paid at his Majefty’s treafury in manner in the faid a& mentioned 5 and it is alfo ena&ed, that his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs might by letters patent under the great feal of Ireland, amongft other things, incorporate all and every fuch fubfcribers and contributors, their executors, adminif-trators, fucceflbrs, or afligns, to be one body politic and corporate, by the name of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland ; and by the name of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, to have perpetual fuc-ceffion and a common feal, fubjoft neverthclels to the pro-

vifo

part of recited provifion re* pealed.

Company

may be diffused on condition! herein named.

The tbtriy-ftrjl Tear of George III.

vifo or condition of the redemption therein after mentioned j and it is by the faid ad provided and enafted, that at auy time upon twelve months notice after the firft day of Jana-ary, one thoufand feven hundred and ubiety-four, to be publifbed in the Dublin Gazette, by order of the lord lieutenant, or oilier chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and upon payment by parliament to the faid governor and company of the bank of Ireland* or their fucceflors, as well of the faid fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds in like debentures, and fubjeft to the like intereft of four pounds per centum, as of all arrears of the annual fum of twenty-four thoufand pounds in the faid a& mentioned without any deduction, then and in fuch cafe the laid annuity of twenty-four thoufand pounds, and every part thereof, together with the faid cjrporation (hall ceafe and determine : And whereas in purfuance of the faid the fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds was fubferibed and paid by fuch debentures as aforefaid, and his Majefty by letters patent under the great fcal of this kingdom, incorporated the fubfciibers thereof into one body politic and corporate, by the name of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and coafent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame* That fuch part of the faid recited provifion contained in the fame aft, as relates to the determining of the faid annuity of twenty-four thoufand pounds per annum, and the faid corporation of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, upon the notice and payments, therein mentioned* jfoall be, and is hereby repealed, and that the faid governor and company of the bank of Ireland, and their fuccdfors for, ever, (hall remain, continue, and be one body corporate and politic, by the name of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland aforefaid, and (hall for ever have* receive, and enjoy the faid annuity of twenty-four thoufand pounds, together with all abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, fj-anchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits and advantages whatfoever to which the faid governor and company of the bank of Ireland now are, or before the making of this aft were intitled by the faid recited aft and charter, ^nd the faid governor and company, and their fucceflors*-(hall be, and are freed and difeharged from the faid^ndi-tion of redemption. ^

II. Provided always, and be it enafted, That at any jime upon twelve months notice after the firft day of January, which will be in the year one thoufand eight hundred fixtecn, to be publifhed in the Dublin Ga^etU, by order of

• " • '	•	'	tW

Digitized by Google

The thirty-fir]} Tear of George III,	*51

the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors - A. D. of this kingdom for the time being, that the faid company 1791. (hall be diuolved, and upon re-payment by parliament to the Chap. 22• faid governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or their fucceflbrs, as well of the faid fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds in debentures as of all arrears of the faid annuity without any deduction, or 3t any time previous to the faid fird day of January, one thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, upon like re-payment, by and with the defire and confent of the faid governor and company, to be fig-nified by them by their petition in writing fealed with their common feal, and addreffed to the lord lieutenant, or other thief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, then and in fuch cafe the faid annuity (hall from aud after the expiration of twelve months after fuch notice publiftied ceafe, the faid corporation (hall be diflolved,

III. And in order to promote the extenfion of public Governor dtedit, and to further the commerce of this kingdom, be and company's it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid go- *h>ck iwbc vernor and company, and they are hereby authorized and	t0

impoivered fo foon as they (hall think proper to receive fub- 1 feriptions from any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politic or corporate, for enlarging their capital (lock or fund of fix hundred thoufand pounds, in any fum not exceeding the further fum of four hundred thoufand pounds capital (lock, fo as to make their whole capital (lock the fum of one million of pounds j provided that two hundred thoufand pounds thereof at lead, (hall be fubferibed for and paid on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, and the remainder thereof on or before the twenty fourth day of Junej one thoufand eight hundred and one, which fubferiptions (hall be made, and the money for fuch additional Rock (hall be paid in fuch manner and form, and by fuch inltallments or proportions as the cqurt of diredors of the bank (hall from time to time appoint; and the capital flock fo fub-feribed and paid for, (hall from and after the time of fuch payment be deemed and taken as and for a part of the capital (lock of die faid corporation, and (hall be employed and ufed by them in difeount, or in any other manner in which by law the monies /if the faid bank may be employed, and the fubferibers thereto from and after the time of making full payment for fuch additional flock, and their refpedive executors, adminidrators, and affigns, (hall at all times be members of the faid corporation, and incorporated therein, and (hall be entitled unto, and have, hold, and enjoy all the benefits, privileges, advantages, and immunities, and be fubjed and liable to all the regulations, rules

Digitized b,y

Google

/

DiwVfidft to be made u herein.

Preference to be given toflock UUerv

In failure of payment at any appointed time, ail depofite* for* tdted.

The thirty firjl Tear of George III.

•nd orders to which the prefent flock-hotdders and member* of the aid corporation in rtfpecl of the flock held by and bdongj £ to them, are refpedlively intitled fubjeft and liable unto by the laid aft of parliament and charter, or by iny bye law of the faid corporation orotherwife howfoever, and the faid additional flock lhall be transferable and afbgn-•h!e in Kke manner* and the proprietors and holders thereof (hall hold their refpedlive (hares of the faid additional flock in Kke manner as the rtfpe£ive i refent flock-holders of the laid corporation now do, and hereafter fhall hold and enjoy the refoedlive fums now belonging to them in the prefent capital flt>ck of the faid corporation ; and the fame (hall in nil rvfpedts be confolidatcd and united as one joint flock.

IV	And be it further enabled, That the faid corporation fhall and may, from time to time, make and pay the like dividendsto the proprietors of the faid additional (lock, as they (hall make and pay to the proprietors and holder* of the prefent fh ck of the faid corporation, the full of which dividends lh,»4 commence from fuel) time, as (hall be Ipccified in the propofals or terms to be offered .for fuch fubfeription by ♦he faid court of directors.

V.	Provided always, That the faid court of diredlors (hall and they are hereby required to jive the option and preference in fubferihing for the faid additional (lock, to fuch perfons as fhall hold the dock of the faid bank, at the time or times of fuch fubfeription as aforefaid, fo far as, and not exceeding upon the whole of the faid fum of four hundred thoufand pounds, the amount of fixty-fix pounds thirteen (hillings and four pence ter centum, on the laid capital (lock of fix hundred thousand pounds, which (hall be then held by each flock holder fo fubferibing, and in the fame proportion for anv fum ltfs than the faid fum of four hundred thoufand pounds, which may from time to time be fubferibed for. and paid, purfuant to the propofala or terms to be offered for fuch fubfeription, by the faid court of directors.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That in cafe any perfon after having fubferibed, (hall fail to make any of the payments agreed at the refpe&ive times appointed for making fuch payments, then and in every fuch cafe, all depo-fites and payments made by fuch defaulters, previous to fuch default, fhall be forfeited to, and become the property of the faid corporation ; and in fuch cafe, and in cafe all the proprietors of the faid capital flock of fix hundred thoufand pounds, fhall not fubferibe for their refpedlive proportions of the faid fum of four hundied thoufand pounds, then fuch deficiency (hall be difnofed of to fuch others of the

faid

Digitized by Google

Tljc thirty JirJl Tear of George III.

• i	-

fat'd proprietors of the faid capital flock of fix hundred thou-fand pounds, as fhall be willing to fubfciibe for the fame, in fuch proportions as aforefaid, or in default of their fubferibing for thefartie, to fuch other perfons,as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further eoafted, That from the time the laid fum of four hundred thoulatid pounds fhall be fub-feribed and paid in, the faid corporation may borrow orgive fecurity for any fum or fums, fo that they fhall not owe at any one time more than a fum equal to the faid fum of one million, any thing in the faid aft contained to the Contrary notwithflanding.

VIII.	And whereas the encreafing of the faid capital flock to one million, in manner aforefaid, will be productive of great profit to the proprietors of the faid flock, and it is reafonable that a proportion of fuch profit lhall accrue to the public, be it enafted, That f ch fum or fums of money as have been agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, and the governor and company of the laid bank, to be paid into the recefpt of the exchequer, at fuch time or times as have been fo agreed upon, fhall be received by the vice-treafurer or vice-treafurers of this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, at fuch time or times,, for the fupport of his Majefty’s government, and fiiall be accounted by him or them accordingly.

IX.	Provided always, arid be it enacted, Tint if the faid refpective fums of two hundred thoufand pounds, and two hundred thoufand pounds, or either of them, or any part of them, fhall not be fubferibed for and paid, on or before the refpeftive times herein before for that purpofc mentioned, then the faid governor and company of the laid bank, or the proprietors of the faid flock thereof, fhall not receive any benefit by this aft, and the faid corporation fhall be fubjeft to be difiblved at the time, and in the fame manner, and upon the terms mentioned in the faid recited aft, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding ; and in fuch cafe every perfon who fhaU have fab-feribed and paid any fum towards the faid fum of four hundred thoufand poiind3, fhall be intitled to, and receive from, and be repaid by the faid governor and company, fuch fums as fhall have been fubferibed for and paid by them refptc-tively, with fuch interefl or dividend for the fame, during the time it fhall remain depofited in the faid bank, as any proprietor of any part of the faid capital flock fhall be then intitled to in refpeft thereoF.

Corporation may borrow any fum not 'receding a million.

Sums to be paid ioto the tnafury, as agreed upon.

Sums not paid in rimes mentioned, the corporation may be difiblved.

CHAP.

Digitized by

Google

The thirtyfirfl Tear of George IU<

254

A. D. 1791.

CHAP. XXIII.

An Act to amend an Ad> Entitled, An A3 to prevent the PraSice of feducing Artificers and Manufacturers of this Kingdom, and of exporting the feveral Tools and Utenfdx made Ufe of in preparing and working up the Manufactures thereof into Parts beyond the Seas.

I -

Took, fltc. a* herein, pot into any vtfici not bound to lome of the dominion* of Cieat Eritain, forfeited.

%

WHEREAS by an ad patted in the twenty-fifth year of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, An act to prevent the praBice of feducing artificers and manufaBurers of this kingdom, and of exporting the feveral tools and uten/Hs made «f"f in preparing and working up the manufaSures thereof into parts beyond the feas% certain provifions were enacted to prevent any perfon from carrying out of this kingdom, to any place except to Great Britain, or to fome of the dominions of the crown of Great Britain, any tolls or utenfils ufed in, or proper for working up, or finifhing any of the manufactures therein mentioned, and forfeitures were infl idled on any perfon offending therein : and whereas the exportation of tolls and utenfils ufed in certain other manufadures of this kingdom, will be equally injurious thereto, be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritoal and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliameat afltrabled, and by the authority of the fame, Thjrt from and after the firlt day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, if any perfon in this kingdom (hall load or put on board, or caufe to be loaded or put on board of any (hip, vefTel, or boat, which fhall not be bound diredly to fome port or place in this kingdom, or Great Britain, or to fome of the dominions of the crown of Great Britain, any machine, engine, tool, prefs, paper, utenfil or implement whatsoever, commonly ufed in, or proper for the preparing, working, or finifhing of any manufadure of, or in (leal, iron, brafs, or other metal, or of any manufadures in faid ad mentioned, or any parts or parcels of any fuch machine, tool, or implement, by whatever name or names any fuch machine, tool, or implement (hall or may be called or known, or any model, plan, or defeription of any machine, tool, or implement ufed in, or proper for the preparing, working up, or finifhing of any of the faid manufadures; every fuch machine, tool, or implement, and every part thereof, and every fuch model, plan, or defeription, fhall b? forfeited ; and ttery perfon fo offending, fhall for every fuch offence, for*

4	feit

Digitized by

Google

Ybc thirty-firJl Tear of George III.

feit the fum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered in fuch manner, as by the faid ad is prefcribed in r^fped of feny forfeiture for any fimilar offence againft the faid ad ; &ud in cafe any fuch machine, tool, or implement, or any t£odel, plan, or defcription thereof, fhall be loaded or put on boaid of any (hip, vcffel, or boat, which fhall be bound to any port or place in this kingdom to Great Britain, or to fome of the dominions of the crown of Great Britain, the tnafter or commander of every fuch (hip> veffel, or boat, (hall give the like fecurity by bond, with the like condition ashy the faid ad is required in refped of fo putting on board any of the tools or utenlils in the faid ad mentioned ; and fuch certificate thereof (hall be given, as by the faid ad is required, and every (hip, boat, or veffel, which (hall have on board any fuch machines, tools, or implements, or any fuch model, plan, or defcription thereof as aforefaid, before fuch fecurity and certificate (hall be given, with all her guns, ammunition, and apparel (hall be forfeited, Which forfeiture fliall be recovered, and the produce thereof difpofed of in fuch manner as in the faid ad is direded, in the cafe of any (hip, veffel, or boat forfeited thereby.

II.	And be it cnaded, That every officer of his Majef-ty's cuftoms or excife in this kingdom be, and he is hereby impowered to feize and fecure any machines, tools, or implements, or models, plans, or descriptions thereof, by this ad prohibited to be exported, as fully as by the faid ad fuch officer is impowered to feize and fecure any of the tools or Implements thereby, prohibited to be exported, and fuch machines, tools or implements, models or plans, fhall he difpofed of as in the faid ad is mentioned ; and every captain or mafter of any (hip, veffel, or boat, who (hall knowingly permit any fuch machines, tools or implements, or models, plans or deferiptions thereof as aforefaid, to be cx-

'ported, which are by this ad prohibited, (hall incur fuch forfeiture and incapacity, as in the faid ad is prefcribed fwith refpeil to any offence againft the faid ad committed by any captain or mafter of any (hip, veffel, or boat ; and every officer of the revenue who (hall take, or knowingly or willingly fuffer to be taken, any entry outward, or (hall fign any cocket, warrant, or fufferance for the (hipping, or exporting of any of the machines, tools or implements, plans or models by this ad prohibited, (hall incur fuch forfeiture and incapacity, as is by the faid ad inflided for any fimilar offence, to be recovered and difpofed of in the fame manner, as in the faid ad is mentioned, refpeding the fame.

III.	And be it further enaded, Tint if any apprentice, or perfon bound by indenture to feive in any trade or myf-

tery,.

Officers may feize as by recited a & |

Apprentices doping, Sec. imprifoned 3 months.

Digitized by

Google

The tbirtyfrf Tear of George III.

tery, (hall, during his or her apprenticefhip. elope or run away from hia or her mailer or midrefs, or wilfully refufc to learn, or to work at the trade or myflery to which he or (he is bound, or (hall wilfully cut, deface, fpoil, or by mif-management or negledt injure any work, or any loom, tool, or materials intruded to him or her, every fuch apprentice upon coavidton thereof before any magidrate, upon tlic oath of one or more credible witnefs, fhall be imprifoned for any time not exceeding three months for every time he or (he (hall be guilty of any fuch offence, and every magif-giftrate is hereby authorized and required to hear all complaints, and adminider the neceffary oaths, and iffue the ne-ccffary warrants for carrying this ad into execution.

CHAP. XXIV.

♦

An A3 for continuing an A3 paffed in the Tcmh Tear of King George the Firf, Entitled, An A3 for continuing and amending of the Laws in Relation to Butler and Tallow, and the Cajks in which fuch Goods are to be made up, and in Relation to the curing of Hides, and making up Beef and Pork for Exportation, and for the preventing the De-fruition of Salmon.

WHEREAS an ad paffed in the tenth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fird, entitled, An ad for continuing and amending of the la ws in relation to I utter and tallow, and the cafes in which fuch gvods are to be made up, and in relation to the curing of hide:, and making vp of beef and pork for exportation, and for the preventing the dejlrudion of falmon ; which faid ad wa3 explained and amended by another ad made in the twelfth year of his late Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad for explaining and amending an ad, entitled, An ad for continuing and amending of the laws in relation to butter and tallow, and the cafes in which fuch goods are to be made up, and in relation to the curing of hides, and making up of beef and pork for exportation, and for preventing the dejlrudion of falmon ; which faid ads have been amended, and further continued by feveral ads to the end of the feflion of parliament, in the twenty-fird year of the reign of his late Majedy King George the fecond ; and by an ad made in this kingdom in the twenty-firff year of his faid late Majedy’s reign, entitle*!, An ad for reviving, continuing, and amending feveral temporary fatutes, the faid ads were amended and further continued to the twenty-ninth day of September, in the year one thoufand feven hundred

Digitized by v^.ooQle

The dnrty-fift Tear */*Geoige HI.

*57

anHitty-nme, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and by an aft paffed in the fifth year of hi* prefent Majefty, entitled, An aS for continuing, reviving and amending feveral temporary fatutes ; and for empowering the grand jury of the county of Kilkenny, at the affizes, to encreafe the yearly falary of the treafurer of the faid county J the faid laft re;ited a ft, fo far as it relates to the continuing and amending the faid laws in relation to butter mod tallow, and the calks in which fuch goods are to be. made up, and for the curing of hides, and making up beef and pork for exportation, with the feveral alterations and amendments therein contained, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September * which will be in the year one thoufttad feven hundred and ninety-one, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament 5 which faid laft recited aft made in the filth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fo far as it relates to the continuing and amending the faid laws in relation to butter and taUow, and the calks in which fuch goods are to be made up, and for the curing of hides^ and making up beef and pork for exportation, is found by experience to be extremely ufeful, and therefore fit to be continued, with fuch alterations and amendments as by this aft are made therein ; be it therefore enafted by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the feme, That the faid lad recited aft, fo far former laws fo as it relates to the continuing and amending of the faid laws J*1, M in relation to butrerand tallow, and thecafks in which fuch continued goods are to be made up, and for the curing of hides, and as herein, making dp beef and pork for exportation, with the feveral iterations and amendments herein after contained, (hall be, amd the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, which will be in the year of our lord one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and no tonger.

II.	Aifd to the end that the feveral rules, regulations, orders, and direftions in this and the faid laft recited afts mentioned and contained, may be ftriftly obferved, and faithfully and truly executed in the city of Cork, which is a place of jjreat export ; be it enafted by the authority aforcfaid/That it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, His Ma'eftr his heim and fucceflors, to appoint one or more perfons to may appoint a be weigh-tnafter or weigh-mafters of the city of Cork, weigb-mafter, from and after the end of the feffion of parliament next af- &c- »*-hercui. ter the twenty-ninth day of September, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, with the like fees Vou IX.	R	payable,

A. D.*

Chap. 24.

A D*

I79‘-

r4onthe

lka>h, 5cc. •wither to be t) pointed to haem.

TU thirty ftj Teeto/Gear^t III;

jwyable, and lr\ the fame manner recoverable, for the ttott* ble, charg es and expences which they (hall be at in %he execution of the (aid office or offices, and fiibje& to the like (removal for mi/behaviour, with liberty of appeal# and to the f?me conditions, rules, regulation** orders* directions, under the fame penalties a* the prefent weigh-raafter or weigh-maf-ters of the faid city of Cork i* now liabk to by the faid laft mentioned a<ffs; which faid office or offiees (hall from and aftef the end of the next feffion of parliathent next after the twenty; ninth-dayof September, in the year one thoufand feven bun-; dred ahd ninety-one, be executed by the perfona fo to be appointed his or their deputy or deputies, to be by btm or them nominated dr appointed.

lit. Ami be it enabled, That upon the deatfi, refign** tidn, dr ferhoval of the perfons fo to be appointed# it (hall and may be lawful for his Majelty, his heirs and fuecdTarsj to appoint other perfon or peifonsin the place of him or them fo dying, refigning, or removed, and that all perfona enjoying the faid office or offices (hall hold fuch office or offices during their good behaviour refpedively.

C ti A P. XXV<

Ah A3 to difebarge fuch Recognizance* entered into for the Appearance and Projecution of Offenders^ as were forfeited before the Eighteenth Day of January, in the Teat' One thoufaml feven hundred dnd eighty feven, Cthd for more eject tually executing the Green tVdx Proceft.

fcecn?n?-<

vinecx, except a* herein mentioned, fer ever diicharged.

WHEREAS many recognizances Which have hem forfeited by perfons bound for the appearance or prnfecutioil of perfons charged with crimes, hate for maoy Vears remained m forde, upon whicfi procefs from time to time hath !(Toed, without producing arty good effeft, and yet mSttjr grievances and hardfhipa under colour and by ahufe thereof, hath been impofed upon his Majefly’s fub-; for tetnedy whereof, l»t* it enafted (>y the King’s mod excellent Mnjetly, by and whli the advice iind couiciit of the lofds fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this pit-frnt parliament afTcmbled, and )>y the authority of tbe fame, That all recognizances which hive been forfeited by perfons bbund for the appearance or profecution of perfous charged with any crimes or offences whatfoever (high trea-fo’n and murder excepted) and which have been forfeited before the eighteenth day of January, in the year one thou-faud feven hundred and cighty-fcvcii, and which are now

tmfatuficd,



Digitized by v^ooQie . *

The thirtjzfir/l Tear of George III.

Vftfatiified, be for ever remitted and dlfcharged to all iatents

apd purpjfes whatfoever, and from henctforth nopiocefa or execution fh^ll iffuc thereon from his Majedy’s court of Exchequer.

#4 II. And whereas many abufes have been committed, and public juftice often eluded* by reafon of perfons empowered to levy and execute the green wax procefs of his Majefty’s exchequer, making falfe and untrue returns thereon, for remedy whereof, ,be it ena&ed, That if any fheriff, under fheriff, collector of forfeited recognizances, or any bailiff or not executing perfon employed by or under them, or any of them, or forfeited recog* other perfon employed, empowered, authorized, or ap-pointed to execute, or tq return the green wax procefs of his Majtfty's ctourt of'"Exchequer in this kingdom, or any war-xaat^ thereupon iffued, or any perfon for their or any of their ,tife ot benefit, fhall afk, demand, or receive any fum •or fums. df money, gift, gratuity, or reward of any kind ■whatfofcvefy or any fecurity, promife, or engagement for the payment of any fum or fums of money, gift, gratuity, or reward of any kind whatfoever, for not executing fuch procefs, Or any warrant thereon iffued, or to delay or poft-ponc the execution of fuch procefs, or any warrant thereon iffued, or fhall accept of a lefs fum upon account or in payment of fuch forfeited recognisance, than as in fuch procefs or warrant mentioned, or if any fuch fheriff, under fheriff, collector, bailiff, or other perfon employed by or under them, or any of them, or employed, empowered, authorized or appoiuted as aforefaid, to execute or return fuck procefs or warrant, fhall knowingly make any falfe or untrue return upon, or of fuch procefs or warrant, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch fheriff, under fheriff, collector, bailiff, or other perfon employed by or under them, or any of them, or other perfon employed, empowered, authorized, or appointed as aforefaid, to execute or return fuch procefs or warrant fo offending, fhall forfeit and pay to every perfon charged in every fuch procefs or warrant which fhall not be duly executed, or the execution of. which fhall be poflponed or delayed as aforefaid, or for or upon account of which lefs than the amount thereof fhall be received, treble the amount of every fuch recognizance 5 to	/

l>c recovered, together with the full cofts of fuit by every luch perfon fo charged in every fuch procefs or warrant, by action of debt, or by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty's fuperior courts of record in Dublin; and every perfon offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, from and after judgment obtained againii him in any fuch a£tion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, or being any other- %

R 2	wife

2S9

A. D.

1791. Chap; 25.

Penalty for

*

^Digitized by

Google



*6o A. D. ^79^	The tbirty-firjl Tear of Georgt III.  wife lawfully convi&ed thereof, (hall for ever be difabled to hold, exercife, or enjoy any office or employment under his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors.  /  CHAP. XXVII.
Tj'rnfT'.fo pr. pare hides  at iR/vrtk.	An SB to amend an AS pajfcd in the Third Tear of His prt-fent Majefy, Entitled, An AB to prevent Frauds in the Tanning of Hides, Currying of Leather, and the making of Shoes ana Boots.  \\TH E R E A S an aft of parliament paffed in the third * * year of his Majefty’s reign, entitled. An off to prevent frauds in the tanning of bides, in the currying of leather anil in the manufacturing uf floes and boots ; and whereas the fa hi a6t has been in many inHances evaded on account of the iufufliciency of the penalties therein contained ; in remedy whereof, be it enabled by the King's moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame; That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one 'thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, every tanner or other perfon employed in the tanning of hides, (hall fleih 'the hide of every cow, ox and bull iutended to he tanned by him, in a clear, fair, honeft and merchantable manner $ and (hall aHo cut out from every fucli hide the ears by the roots, and fhall cut off the breech-piece, the nofe and lips 'and flu.nks a fhort fpace above the dew claws, before he (hall
•	pi t hall hide into the tan pit ; and every perfon offending in any of tlie before mentioned particulars, fhall forfeit for every fwrlf hide which fhall not be fo trimmed, the fare of, ’twenty (hilling,- to be recovered as herein after iff mentioned.
Hides to be  tt <i :• • cd a* hv. vir*	11. A ml be it crutSed by the authority aforefaid* That from and after the time aforefaid, no tanner or other per^ fo:i fhall ftli, or cxpole to fide any fucli tanned hide* un-h fs the firlt letter of the chriflian name, and the fumame «l length, of the tanner of fuch hnle, and the town in or near v'h.’ch he lives, in large and legible chara&ers fhall be /Iranpul on the collet of fuch hide; and if the fame be the hide of a bull, tinlefs the word bull be damped on the fame in huge and legible -characters \ and every perfon offending in any of the laid tall mentioned particulars, fhall for eTeiy tuiiutd liide fo ibid or expofed to faie, forfeit the fum of  twenty  *

	*  *  Digitized by CjOO^Ic

The thirty firfi Ytar of George UK

twenty (hilliogs, to be recovered in the manner herein after inentioned.

III.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That

from and after the time aforefaid, it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or pcrfons to buy or fell any entire tanned	.

hide or hides within the city of Dublin, or the liberties thereof, for exportation or for confumption of faid city, or herein, to be manufactured therein, unlefs at fome public market within the faid city, and any perfon who (hall buy or fellp

or expofo to fale any entire tanned hide or hides at any other p^ce, (hall forfeit for every fuch hide the fum o* twenty (hillings, to be recovered as herein after is men* tioned.

IV. Provided always, That no tanner, leather-cutter of	Not to evade other perfon, (hall evade this aft by the putting off a (mall w herein, part from fuch hides, or otherwife mutilating them for th$

purpofe of evading this ad.

V.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Hides to be

from and after the time aforefaid, no tanner or other per-	****

fon (hall fell or expofe to fale any tanned hide or hide* w c which (hall not be well and fufficiently tauned and dried ^

and if any difference (hall arife between the buyer and feller of fuch hide or hides concerning the tanning or drynefo thereof, the fame (hall be determined by four (kilful per-fona, two to be chofen by each of the parties, whofe de- * termination (hall be final and conclufive; and in cafe they*

(hall not agree within twenty-four hours from the time they are fo chofen and aflembled for faid purpofe, that then the perfon or perfons who (hall think himfelf or themfelves aggrieved, (hall apply to the lord mayor of the city of Dub-	'

Jin, if fuch difpute (hall happen within the faid city or the liberties thereof, or otherwife to the chief magiftrate of any other city, corporation, market-town, or other place where fuch difpute (hall happen; which faid lord mayor or other chief magiftrate (hall immediately fummon the faid parties, and the faid referees before him \ and the faid lord mayor or chief magiftrate (hall there name one other reputable and (kilful perfon, who (hall fit as an, umpire along with the faid four perfons chofen by the faid buyer and. feller as aforefaid, and (hall fwear the (aid five referees to do equal jufticc betweeathe faid parties, and the determination of fuch five refgrees, or any three of them, (hall be • final and conclufive to all parties ; and in cafe the faid per-, fons fo chofen, or any one or more of them (hall negleet or refufe to obey the faid fummons, without good and fuificient caufe, afligned on - oath, or that they or the faid fifth perfon or umpire who (hall as aforefaid be named by the faidr lon^mayor or chief magiftrate, or any of them, (hall ne-

261

A. D. ^

179/.

banned hides



Digitized by Google

A. D.

1791-Chap. 27.

eriner,

«tc. to deal in tauned or cui* ried leather,&f.

Sk*i» to be

curried aa, > t Wtcin,

7 be thirtyfirft Tear of George III.

gltft or refofe to determine fuch difference'within twenty-four hours after they (hall b$ fworn as aforefaid ; that then each and every of fuch perfons fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds fterlrag, to be levied by wainnt under the hand and feal of the faid lord mayor or other chief ma-giftrate, off the goods'of fuch offender, and to* be’paid over to the church-wardens of the parilh where fuch difference firft arofe, to be diftributed amongft the poor of the faid pariih 5 and the faid complaining party or; panics (hall then name other; reputable and fkilful • perfons pi the place of fuch perfons as (haH fo rfcfufo to decide, who (hall be fwom in like manner to decide -as aforefaid, under the penalties herein before mentioned ; and in cafe any hide ot hides (hall be condemned in' the manner herein dated, as nor thoroughly dried and fufficiently tanned, tlvery tanner or other perfon whor (hall have fold or offered to fale fuch hide or hides fo fold or afligned to fale, fhall forfeit the fum of twenty (hfllin^s, to be uncovered as herein after mentioned; aijd in cafe any merchant or other perfon (hall by collufion with any tanner, or otherwife; buy tfny hide or bides which (hall not be fo pcrfcftly dried and thoroughly well tanned as aforefaid, then that fuch merchant -or other perfon (hall for every* fuch offence • forfeit the* fum of twenty (hillings for every unmerchantable' hide fo pur-chafed as aforefaid, jto be recovered as herein sifter mentioned. •	•	»	'

VI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no craner or other perfon employed by hinr, (hall buy or fell any tanned or curried leather which (hill be brought for fair to the faid crane, under the penalty of twenty pounds fterling for every fuch hide or (kin ht or they (hall purchase or fell $ nor mall siny craner for the time being’ follow th? bulinefs of a tanner, currier, leather-cutter or (hoe-maker under the fame penalty; and that fuch craner as well in every other city, town or diftpft as aforefaid, as in the city of Dublin, or the liberties thereof, (hall keep a public book hi fuch crane, wherein (hall be entered hi fair and legible cb^rafters all tanned and curi-ied leather brought to fuch crarie or market, with the names at length of the perfons to whom they belong, and the name 6r names of the perfon or perfons * who (hall * have purchafed the fame, immediately on the fale thereof, under the penalty of three pounds for every neglcft or omiffion in Ihirf particular, to be* recovered as herein after is men-finned.	-*•••••

•	VIJ. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid^ That from sind after the time aforefaid, every currier emi ployed in currying any fuch curryable (kins as before me«-

*	*	4	  tioned,

*

fie thktyftrjl Tear of George II I. *

tfonj#, thall curry the fame with good oil and dubbing, or A. D. tallow mixed witR dubbing, and not with back greak*f lar x791. or kitchen • ft uff; and (hall npt' fraudulently or unneceiiarily Qmp-2~* the fame with oil or dubbing UtjfF; and that v— every perfon who (hall curry any curnyahle (kin in any other planner than as is herein mentioned, (hall foiieit for eyery fuch offence, the fum p{ Rve (liijliuns on each ’

Jkin

VIII. And Re it enadted by the authority aforefaid, Skins	/

TTIiat from , and, after the time aforefaid, no curried calf named to be fhins, kipp fleins, veal (kins, runners pr (litters, (hall bo ^xpofed to fale in the city of Dublin, or any of t(ie ** * places beforementioned, unfefs the fame fhall be perfectly and m^rchantably tanned, dtkrd and /Inly curbed as hereby required," and plaii.dy marked with .life full names and refidences of the manufa&urers thereof; and every person who (hall after (he time afore^id, expofe to fale any fuch (kin pr (kin$ not fo thoroughly tanned, dried* trimmed* and mark^i as aforefai^ ‘ (hall forfeit the fum pf fiv£ Hillings j. $nd in cafe any difference Aiall arife. between the b^iyer and feller refpeairig the dne tannage, drynelj^ and cvirrying, fuch difference ffcall be decidtd in the mapner herein before ctore&ed, whith jeFpefl to tanned hidesl	*	*	*	‘

IX.	Aq<J to prevent frauds in the manqfafture ef‘fhoea. Sheen aj^ and b^otsi be it ena&ed‘ by" the authority aforefaid, That boots 10 he froth after the time aforefaid, no perfon, (hafe fell, or

expofe to fale, any ftides or bpots, unfefe the uair.^ of the toaKer of fuch (Koes or boots be (lamped uoon the tiifide of thy^aps of fuch (hoes, and the inneki' of ihtj tops o?^ch boots in plain and legible cnarafters 5 an d in cafe any person (hall fell of expofe to fale, anybootsor fhoesnotkamped-as aforefaid, fuch perfon (hidl-fof every fuch pair of boot* and (hoes (o fpld of exppfcd to fale, forfeit tSe fum of two &illinjg8 and fi^pence,' ^o be r^covered as herein after men* tioned. *'	"*

X.	Andtfor the better enforcing the authority of this pcnalfic«ha^ a&, and * the more readily repoverifrg the 'feveral penalties recovered. Herein mentioned, be it enfcdiecj by tfe authority aforefaid,

Thai the faid federal penults (hall be forthwith recoveredJ upon convfelipn of the ’party offending, either on hi* own Confefiiog', or by t^e oath df any one* credible witnefa before the chief' magistrate dr any one juftiyc of the peace for the <hftri$'wKere the offence fhall Recommitted; and fhaill be* levied by way of diftrefs upon the goods of the offender by wirrant "under the hand" and- feal of the chie£ -magiftrate dr jufttce before whom' fuch* convi&ion (hall be* returning tRe pyqrplas arifijpg $rom fale of fuch good*; ex-/

I

4

Digitized by v^-ooQle

The thirtyfuji Year of George III.

oepting only in fuch cafes as are by this ad heretofore^ otherwife provided; fuch decifipn to be in all fuclx cafes final and condufive to all parties ; and the (aid feveral forfeitures, excepting as before excepted, to go to the partita filing for the fame. •

/CHAP. XXX,

An A3 for explaining and amending an Ady Entitled, An A3 * for enlarging the Time for Triale by Nifi Prius in the City of Dublin, and County of Dublin.

WHEREAS by an . ad of parliament made in the twenty-firftnnd twenty-fecond years of his prefent lVIajefty’s reign, entitled. An aQ for enlarging the time for trials by nifi prius in the city of Dublin, and county of DubBn% and for making the procefs of the court of Exchequer more ef-feBual againfl ptrfins who being ferued therewith, refufe to appear, power is given to the chief juftice of the King’s bench, the chief juftice of the common pleas, and chief baron of the court of exchequer for the time being, or in the abfence of any of them, to one or more of the other judges Or barons of faid courts, feverally to try iflfues as justices. of nifi prius for the city and county of Dublin, within the term, or within ten days next after ‘ every or* any. term : and whereas the retraining the time for fuch trials to ten days next after the end of every term, has been 'productive of inconveniencies, be it ina&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the * lords fpiritual and temporal dud commons in this parliament Judges may affemblcd, and by the authority of tbe fame, That from, appoint times and after the firjft. day of Trinity term, one thoufand (even for trials by nifi hundred and ninety-one, it (hall and‘may be lawful, to and prius, as ttcin* for the chief juftic£ of the king’s bench, the chief juftice of the common pleas, and chief baron of the court of ex-, chequer for the ume bcing refpe&iv4y» and each of them, and in the abfence of' any of them, to or for any other judge or baron of the; faid.courts refpe&ively, asjufticesof nift prius for the county of Dublin, and county of the city of Dublin, within the term, and at; fuch timp and times after the end of every term * refjpe&ively, as the faid chief jufiices, chief, baron, and other juftices and barons in their refpe&ive courts (hall appoint, to try all, iflues as by law they,.or any pf them .are enabled to try* jwith and under fuch powers, .authentic and prpvifions, as ita and v“	:hji>	iu	::v	: % . .■*	‘v	by

Digitized by

Google

The thirtyfajl Tear of Georgt	t6$

by the £ud recited ad, or any other ad of parliament Of A. $)* law whatfoever,. concerning the prcmifes are prefcribed and 1791*. contained.

IL, And be it further ena&ed, That all fheriffs, officers, Perfonato at-ininifters, parties, witnedes, jurorB and other perfons what*	*wd*e,#

foever, who by any law now in force are required to give ♦ a attendance upon the faid chief juflices, and diief baron or other judges, or barons, or to make return of procefs, or to do or execute any other matters or things what foever, relating to trials to be had in the city of Dublin, and county of Dublin, by virtue of any law now in force, fhali be obliged refpe&ively to give their attendance, make return of procefs, and do and execute all other matters and things whatsoever, relating to any trials to be had by virtue of this ad, in the like manner, and under the like penalties and •forfeitures, as in and by any law now in force are expneffcd or provided, as fully and effe&ually to all intents and pur-^ofes, as if the (brae and every of them had been repeated

and inferted in this prefent ad*

&. .

CHAP. XXXI.

An A3 for tie preventing of Frauds m tie Execution of Decrees obtained on Civil Bills•

WHEREAS great, frauds and abufes are frequently committed, under colour of an ad made in the fe* cond year of his late Mujedy King George the firft, en-titled, An a3 for reviving and amending an a8 for recovery of /mail debts in a fummary way, by obtaining decrees without due Service of procefs, by not executing fuch decrees until after the enfuing affixes $ whereby the defendant is precluded, from the benefit of any appeal; and by taking and carrying aw^y cattle at night under colour of decrees fraudulently obtained, * and felling them at remote places and at unfeafonable hours, for prices much lefs than the -real value, to the utter ruin of perfoqs no wife indebted to^	'*

the parties 6btaining fucK decree $ for remedy whereof be it ennded by the King’s mdft excellent. Majefty, by , and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after p. ......	.

the firft day of June next* every civil bill iffued, and decree decrees to con-bad under the faid ad, or under any ad giving fuch remedy, tain ashcrein. (hall contain tbe.aflditkra and placc of jrefidenccof the par*.

,J ' '	’	“	  tics.

Digitized by t^ooQie

a66

A. D.

<79«-

Chap. ji.

Defendant* aggrieved nu y

Proceed as herein.

Cattle, ke. to be phbljckly fold as herein. •

Tie thirty-fir]! Tear of <5eorge III.

ties, plaintiff and defendants j find that in cafe of (he om Con -thereof, any fuch civil bill or decree (hall be null and void to all intents and purpofcs what foe ver.

IL* And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the timc-aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for any defendant aggrieved by any decree obtained on any civil bill, where the fame (hall not be executed by fale of pattle or goods before the enfuing affixes for the fame county, {o depofitc jhe money decreed againft him or her, with the then (be*; riff, and cuter into fucji bond as is by the faid former a€t dire&ed { and on his or her fo doing, all further proceedings on fuch decree (hallceafe until the next entiling affix**, notwithftanding any renewal that may have been had of fuch decree in like manner as is provided by (he faid former act With regard jo appeals before the affixes next enfuing the obtaining the faid decree.

III. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the time aforejaid,' no cattle or goods’taken in execution undec any fuch decree, (hall be driven or carried to any place mors than five miles diftant from the place where they were taken $ ind that fuch cattle or goods (hall be fold by public cant jo the higlieil and belt bidder, between the hours of ten in :he forenoon and two iii the afternoon on fuch day, and at uch place as the Iheriff or his bailiff (hall appoint; firft Caufurg*fl6tice in writing entitled in the caufe of the timo and place intended for fuch fale, to be polled up four days pTeviou* thereto in the next market-town, the ufual place hf potting up public notices \ and the plaintiff in fuch civil bill, or the perfon or perfons fo driving or carrying away fuch cattle “or goods*, 'or (effing them otherwife than as herein difc&cd, (hall forfeit to tile perfon aggrieved by the fame, double the value of the fyad cattle, to be recovered by Civil bilL '

] Perfonsdriv- * IV: And be it further eaa&ed, That from and after the laftleVr	time * Afdrefiud, if a(iy cattle on goods (hall betaken and

between fimfet carried' awaf, under colour of any* decree obtained upon any and Junrife, Civil bill,''between the hours of funfct and funrife, the per-guilty of 4 mif- fon or periods to taking and carrying away the feme, (hall demeanor, Sec. deemed guilty of a mifdenieaijor, ‘and being convi&cd thereof, fuffer filch puniihment by imprisonment, whipping, oV otherwife,* as to the judge or judges who in their diferetion (liall feem meetj and in any ihdi&ment for this offence, it (hall be fufficienl to alledge generally, that the party 6r parties fraudulently and contrary to the intent o£ this a&, Carried away fuch catlle or goods between the hours of fun fetting and fun riwithout defefibing more partis* eularly the circumftanoes o£ fych offence \ anti the property

Digitized by

Google

/

The thirtyfitfi Tear of George III.

of goods and cattle fo taken, fhall not be altered by any fe]e thereof. '	:	‘	'	‘	f	-

• V. And be It further cna&ed, That the prorifions of this a& fhall extend to civil billa and decrees iffued by, of obtained at the quarter feffionsof the county, or county of the city of Dublin* -	'	.'	‘	'*	‘	*

CHAP. XXXfL

An A8 to prevent Vexation Arrejls and Proceedings in Ac-■'	turns	of	Slander.

I 'O prevent vexatious arrefts and proceedings in anions ' X of (lander, be it' eriacted by the King’s 'rtdft excellent. Majefty, by and with the advice and Confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in Parliament a£ fembled, and by the authority 6f tbefamfc, That no writ or proctfs in or ujion which flander fhall be fet fprth, of marked as the caufe of a&ion ‘fhall iflue, unlefr upon the affidavit -of the plaintiff or plaintiffs fuirig out fuch writ, to be made before a judge or commiffioner for taking affidavits of the court out of tfhich' ftich Writ tir procefs fhall iflue, fpecifying fuch caufe oF a&fdn, and that fuch writ or profcefs fhall nbt be marked for any greater flirt thaii two hundred pounds in any cafe In which actual dartages fhall not be fet forth, and (worn to ; and that nb defendant in fuch adicto fhall be held to fpecial bail in arty greater fum than two hundred pounds, except in cafes where ‘adual damages fhall be fet forth and fworn to by the*plaintiff plaintiffs. :	•	•	•	.	•

• II. Provided neverthelefs, That in cafes of flander in which adual damages fhall be fWom to, that :it (hail and may be lawful to and fb’r the court or judge before whom bail fhall be taken, to admit the' defendant to ball in any Itflerfum than the fum fworn to, that fuch court or judge /ball in their or his diferetion think fit. ; *	'11 - * '

. i i r ....	.	\	. i . i »' •«».

C 9 A Pf

V • *	•

\

A. el

‘ 179**-

No writ for Hinder uulcfr upon affidavit of plaintiff, ficc.

Bail to be taken as herein.

Digitized by Google

*6$

A* IX

I79I*

The thirty frjl Tear ef George III.

CHAP. XXXIV.

An A8 for the more eJfeQvally preferring the Health of His. Majefys Subjc&s, for eretiing an Apothecary's Hall in the City of Dublin, and regulating the ProfeJJion of an Apothecary throughout the Kingdom of Ireland.

Company of apothecaries to coniift of a governor, fee.

XT7HEREAS not only many bat great inconveniencies * * have arifen from the want of an hall amply fupplied with medicines of the pureft quality, prepared under the infpedion of perfons well /killed in the art and myflery of fuch preparations, but- a]fo frequently frauds and abufes have been impofed and pradifed on many of his Majefty’s fubjeds within tbe city of Dublin, and the liberties thereof! and in other parts of the kingdom of Ireland, by the ignorance and unfktlfuluefs of divers perfons pretending to the art apd my fiery gf an apothecary, to rhe injury of the fair trailer, the difapppiptment of the phyfician, and the imminent haaard pf the lives of bis Majcfty’s faithful and loyal fubjeds throughout the realm : and whereas the maf-ter, wardens, and commQralty of the corporation of apo-thccaries, and other apothecaries of the city of Dublin^ have by their petition, humblv prayed that an ad be paf-fed, enabling them to raife a fund for the ptirpofe of eroding fuch hall, with fuch claufes, powers, jurifdidjons, and authorities as may in future prevent fuch frauds and abufes, and thereby tend to preferve the health of his Majefty’i fubjeds 2: and in as much as Henry Hunt,* Anthony Thompfon, John Haftings, Peter Kelly, George Kiernan, Richard Magan, James Mc‘Laughlin, Daniel Moore, John Pentland, Foden Perrin, Robert Powell, Stephen Reynolds, Charles Ryan, John U(her, and Richard Ufher, have each fubferibed the fum of one hundred pounds for the purpofe of creating a fund for t^e eredion of fuch hall, be it enaded by the king’s mqft excellent Ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prtfent par- ' liament aifemhled, and by the authority of the fame,, That from henceforth, there (ball be within the city of Dublin, and fuburbs and liberties thereof, one company or fraternity of judicious apothecaries well (killed in pre* paring and compounding of medicines, to confift of one governor, a deputy governor, and thirteen diredors, and the-fubferibera.

H. An d;

The thirty JirJt Tear cf George III.

II* And it is hereby’ enabled, declared and canftknted. A* D* That the faid Henry Hunt, Anthony Thompfon, John 179** Hadings, Peter Kelly, George Kiernan, Richard Magan, Chap* 34.’ James Mc’Laughlin, Daniel Moore, John Pcntland, FodcO <~**~*~m**+~} Perrin, Robert Powell, Stephen Reynolds, Charles Ryan, Perfoflt John Ufher, Richard Ufhcr, and others, apothecaries of the j^orpowMas faid city of Dublin, are, and from henceforth ,fhaH remain here**, one body corporate and company, in matter, deed, and name, by the name of the governor and company of the ~ apothecaries hall of the city of Dublin, and them by that name one body politic and corporate, are hereby, ena&ed, made, created, cftablilhed, and confirmed, and by the fame name they and their fuccefiors (hall have perpetual fuc-ceflion.

1H. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Company to (aid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid ^TC ****** body politic and corporate, by the name of the governor and company of the apothecaries hall, to have and ufe one common feal, for the ufe, bufioefs, and affaire o£ the faid body politic and corporate, and tbeir fucceffors, and to break, alter, and to make anew their feal, from time to time, at their pleafure, and as they (hall fee caufe, and by the fame name they and their fucceffors, in all times coming, (hall be able and capable in law to have, take, pur-chafe, receive, hold, keep, pofiefs, enjoy, and retain to them and their fucceffors, any manors, meffuages, lands* rents, tenements, liberties, privileges, franchises,, hereditaments, and poffeffions whatsoever, and of whatltind, nature or quality foever, and alio to purchafe ail goods and	.

chattels whatfoever, and aHb to fell, grant, demife, alien,	*

and difpofe of the fame manors, meffuages, lands, rents^ tenements, privileges, franchifes, hereditaments, aod pof-feffions, goods and chattels, or any of them, and that by the fame name they and their fucceffors (hall and may fue and implead, and, be fued and be impleaded,* anfwer and defend, and be anfwered and defended in courts of record; or any other place whatfoever, and before whatfoever judges, judices, officers, and minifters, in all and Angular pleas, adions, fuits, caufes and demands whatfoever, of what kind, nature or fort foever, and in as large, ample, and beneficial a manner and form as any other body politic and corporate, or any other liege .people of Ireland, being perfons able and capable in law; may or can have, take, purchafe, receive, hold, keep, poffefs, enjoy, fell, grant, demife, alien, difpofe, fue, implead, -defend or anfwer, or be fued, impleaded, defended or. anfwered in any wife, and (hall and may do and execute all and lingular other matters and things by th- name aforefaid, that to them (hall or

3	may

»:o

A. D.

1791. Cbap. 34.

Apothecaries as herein de-{bribed, on payment pi 100I. each, declared members.

There Hull be For ever, a governor. Sec.

<	•	.	*,	.,	■	.	i

fteHirtyfiijl Tear if George IHf

niay appertaiato do^ aiiy law, ufage, or cuflom now cutting to the contrary in any wife natwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* {aid, That all filch judicious apothecaries refident in tin: city of Dublin, or within the fuburbs or liberties thereof, or who have been heretofore apothecaries refident within the laid city, fuburbs, or liberties thereof* fot the term of feven years, who (hall hereafter fubferibe a fum of one hundred pounds each refpe&ivdy* Audi be, and they are Hereby eoaded and declared to be members of the faid corporation, and Audi be entitled to all the benefits and advantages arifing therefrom equally, in as full and ample a manner aa the laid original fubferibers ; provided neverthelek, that the faid company Audi not at any one time confift of more than fixty members.

V.	And for the better ordering, managing, and governing the prepaiations, flock; Dr other affairs of the faid corporation, and for the making aha eftablifhing a continued fcnd perpetual fucceflion of periQns to be governors and directors of the faid corporation ; be it eha&ed by the authority afortfaid, and it is hereby enacted, ordered, and appointed, That there (hall be from time to time for ever, of the members of the faid compuny, a governor* deputy governor, and thirteen directors of, and in the faid corporation, which governor, deputy governor, and directors, or any five or more of them, of whom the governor or deputy governor, unlefs as is herein after excepted to be always one, ftiall be called a court of directors, for infpe&iog and directing all chemical and compound preparations and experiments, and for ordering; managing, and ditc&ing the affairs of the faid corporation, and fhall have fuch powers and privileges as are herein after mentioned, and Henry Hunt is hereby enaded, conftituted, ordained and appointed the prefent and firll governor, and Anthony Thompfon, the prefent and firft deputy* governor, and John Haftings, Peter Kelly, George Kiernan, Richard Magan, James Mc’Laughlin, Daniel Moore, John Pentknd, Foden Perrin, Robert Powell; Stephen Reynolds, Charles Ryan, John Uffier, and Richard Ufher, are hereby ena&ed, ordained, conftituted, and appointed the prefent and firll directors of the faid corporation ; and the faid governor, deputy governor, and diredtors fhall continue in their prefent refpedtive offices, until the firft day of September, one thou-fand feven hundred and ninety-two, and until others fhall be cbofen in their refpedtive offices, and fworn into the fame, unlefs they or any of them Audi fooner die, or be removed

t as herein after mentioned*

VL And

Digitized by c^ooQle

The ihittyflrfl Tear bf Cedrgi lift

‘ VI. Andfceir further ena&ed by the authority Vdrefanl; Vhat it fhall ami may be lawful to arid foi* all and every of the members of the laid corporation or body politic; from time to titoc, to aifemble and meet together at any convenient place or place*, until fuch time as an h&ll {Hall bd ere&ed in puVfuanee of this a&, and after the ere&ion of filch hall, v4t the laid hall for the choice of the governor; deputy governor, and dire&ors, and for the . making bylaws, ordinances, rules, orders; of directions for the government of the faid corporation, and for any other affairs or bufinefr concerning the fame; previous notice thereof being firft given by fiupmons in writing, to be ferved at the place of refidencd of each member; eight days at leaft before the tithe appointed for fuch meeting; and that all the members of the faid corporation, or fo many of them as (hall be fo afTembled, (hall be, and be called a general council of the faid corporation; which {hall meet and affemble at fuch times, dnd m fuch manner a* herds after mentioned ; and that all fucceeding governors and dire&ors of the faid corporation, (hall from and after the firft day of September; one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two; be chofen on every firft day of Auguft, except the fame {hall happen to {all on Sunday, and then and in fuch cafe on the Monday next following fuch Sunday, for ever, out of the members of the faid corporation, by the majority of votes of all and every the members of the faid corporation, who fhall be personally prefent at fuch ele&ions, which fuecceding deputy governor and dire&ors {hall be fevcrally and refpec-tively ele&ed for one year, and until others (hall be duly Chofen and fworn into their places refpe&ively.

VII.	Provided always neverthelefo. That in cafe of death, avoidance, dr removal of the governor, deputy governor, or any of the directors of the faid corporation for the, time being, the furvivors of them, or the majority.of thciii remaining in their office*! (hall and may at any: time aifemble together the members of the faid corporation, in order to ele£l other perfons ip the room of thofe dead, removed, or avoided.

VIII.	Provided always nevecthelefs, and it is hereby cn-«vlcd, That the faid Henry Hunt, hereby nominated to be the firft governor, and every perfon hereafter to be chofen to the offices or truft of governor or deputy governor of laid corporation, (hall not be capable of ading or executing tiie faid office or truft, until he or they fhall have taken the following oath or affirmation.

Corporation may aflembla as herein.

In cafe* of

Ucarh, 5tc. corporation may aflembte an<> elett as herein.

Covernors and deputy governor/; to take the following oath or affirmation.

/ A* 13. being nominated or elefhd to be governor or deputy governor fas the cafe flail be) of the company of the apothecr

TICS*

Oath.

Digitized by uooq le

•n

a: d.

•T9»-Chap. 34.

perfon* by whom (aid oath may be admioiiUrcd.

Dire&ars to take the following oath.

Oath.

Tic tUrtyfrft Year of George Ilf.

rut9 baO of Dublin, do promife and fivear orafihn, !(at tie cafe JbaHbc) that I tdill to the utmoft of my power, by aU taw-fid nattyt and means, endeavour to fupportand maintain the body politic of the governor and company of the apothecaries* ball of Dublin, and the liberties and privileges thereof and that { ww in all things faithfully and boneJHy execute thetruft repafedtnmt as governor or .deputy governor, according to the heft of my JUS and knowledge.

So help me God*

Which oattf of the firft and prefent governor* and deputy governor above named, (hall and may be adminiftered by the chancellor of the kingdom of Ireland, or the * keeper or commiffioners of the great feal of Ireland, or by the chancellor or chief baron of the comt of Exchequer in Ireland, or any of them for the time being, and to and from any future governor, (hall and may be adminiftered and received by the chancellor of the kingdom of Ireland, or by the keeper or commiffioners of the great feal of Ireland, or by the chancellor or chief baron of the court of Exchequer in Ireland for the time being, or by the governor of the faid corporation, or in his abfence by the deputy governor for the laft preceding year, and the (aid chancellor of the kingdom of Ireland, and the keeper or commiffioners of the great feal of Ireland, the chancellor or chief baron of the court of exchequer in Ireland, or any of them for the time being, and fuch preceding governor or deputy governor is hereby authorised, empowered and required to adminifter and receive the faid oaths, to and from every and any fuch perfon appointed or ele&ed to be governor or deputy governor of the faid corporation*

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That none of the faid John Hafting9, Peter Kelly, George Kier-nan, Richard Magan, James Mc’Laughlin, Daniel Moore, John Pentland, Foden Perrin, Robert Powell, Stephen Reynolds, Charles * Ryan, John Uftier, and Richard Ufher, hereby nominated, conftknted, and appointed the firft directors of the (aid corporation, or any perfon or perfons hereafter to be chofen to the office or trull of a director of faid corporation, (hall be capable to execute or act in the faid office of a director at any time or times hereafter, until he or they (hall refpcctively have taken the following oath or affirmation, as the cafe may require, to wit,

I A. B. do /wear or affirm, that in the office of direflor of the corporation or company of the apothecaries* hall of Dublin, / will give my heft advice and afftflencs for tl>c fupport and

~ ■	,	g*>s

Digitized by

Google

trie ttirfyfrf Tear of George III.	273

frotrMeHt of thefdiJ corporation, and that I will di-	A, D.

faithfully, and horiejlly execute the truft r&pofed in	-1791.

ikf its a dit e&uYy according to the fyl of my Jkill and know- ‘_Chttp. 34*

1	1	.	-	f,	■ .

WKWIr diih or affirmation to the .directors herein before flbntftialed, and every of them refpeqtivtjly (hall and may be adminiftered by the faid chancellor of Ireland, or the keeper of the great feal, or by the .chancellor or chief baron of fhe. exchequer of Ireland, or by the firft governor, or in his defence by the firft deputy governor, being firft fworn is Bttfofe mentioned, and t£e laid i<ath to any future director or diredtors (hall and may be admiViftered by the chancellor of Ireland, or by the keeper or commiflioners of the great feal of Ireland, or by the chancellor or chief baron of the court of Exchequer in Ireland for the time being, or any of them, or by a fwom governor of the faid corporation for the time being, or in his abftnce by a fworn deputy governor for the time being, or by tlid governor or deputy governor for the preceding year, who, or any of tiieiq are hereby authoiized and required to adminittcr the laid oath or affirmation to every director ofr diredtors, from time to time accordingly.

X.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby cnadted, That ail Every mem** and every the other, members of the faid corporation, (hall hrr to make before he or they feverally (hall be capable to give any vote ** ****** , in any general court of the faid corporation, make and receive the oath or affirmation (as the cafe .may require) following, that is to tfay,

/A. fe. do /wear or affirm 9 that / will he faithful to the governor and company of the apothecaries’ hall (f Dublin, whereof J am a member 9 and in all general courts when and fit often as I / v.// be prejent, will auo ding to the heft my buderjlanJing, £/'ve my advice 9 council, and Ujfftanee, for the fa pport and good government of the faid corporation>

* and that I mill not take an apprentice for a /nor ter term than ibdt of /even years9 and that I will not knowingly or willingly buy or rttdil any contraband goods,

So help me C()Dt dimen.

Which oath br	is	to be adminiftered by, an4

made before, the t fcveral pfcrfons refpedtively author iced and inpowerefl to admihiftcr the fevcral oaths or affirmatiqus herein "before refpfc&iv'ely appointed as aforcfaicl, and wfiicl perfons are hereby refpe&ively authorized# impoweted, ani ftOuired to atdtniuifter the fame.

XL And

Vox-IX.	S

’ i

Oath.

LjQC

The thirty-fir)! Ypar of Qeorgc III.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-laid That the faid court of dir<*&ors (hall have power and authority, and they are hereby empowered, authorized and required to adminifter an oath or affirmation to all inferior Directors may agents or fervants that (hall be employed by the faid corpo-

CoUowiuCr oatL ratlon* ^or fakhful an^ due execution of their (cveral ° infc 04 places and trufts in them repofed, iii the words or to the effed following, that is to fay,

Oath.	/ A. B. being eleBed to the office or place f *	a#

the governor and company of the 'Apothecaries* ball of Dabluij do Jwear or affirm, (as the <afe may be) that 1 will be true and faithful to the faid governor and company, and willfaith* fully and truly txuute and difcharge the faid office or pla.c of	to	the	utmojl	oj	my	Jhill	and	power.

* So help me God.

: And ih -cafe any pcrfoh hereby nominated or hereafter to be elected governor, deputy governor, or diredor as afore-faid, (hall for tire fpace of ten days after the paffing of this ad, or after fuch cledion, ncgled or refute to take or make the refpective oaths hereby appqinted to be taken and received* as afcflcfaid, or (nail refufc to take upon him his or their offices, that thfen and ih fuch cafe, the office and place of every fuch perfon fo negleding or refilling (hall become vacant, and others be chofen in their places, by1 a general court of the faid fubferi-bers.

Governor to fummon 4 general courts a year, as herein,

Governor or dep. gov. to call a general court, upon demand made, as herein, dec.

XI1.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That the governor (hall from time to time, and he is hereby required duly to fummon and appoint four general courts at lead in every year, whereof one to be held on the firft of Auguft, one on the firft of November, one ob \he firft of February, and one on the firft of May, in every year; and .if at any time or times there (hall be a failure of holding a general court in any of the faid months, that then and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, it fhaH and may be lawful for any five or more of the diredor* of the faid corporation, who are hereby empowered and required to fummon and call a general court, which (hall meet and be holden in the mdnth next coming after the month in which the fame (hould have b^en hoklen, upon the fum* mens of the governor as aforefaid.

Xllt. Ana it is hereby further enaded, That the (aid governor for the time5 being, or’ in cafe of his abfcnce the de^roty governor, (hall from time to time, upon demand to him for that phrpdfe made in writing, and figned by aay five or more members of faid corporation, within ten days

' *	,	 tfer

Digitized by

Google

The tlbrtjjujl Tear ef George III.	*75

after fuch demand, fummon and caH a general court of the A. D..

members of faid corporation ; and in default of the gover- 1791. nor or deputy governor to call fuch court, that then it (hall Chap. 34. and may be lawful to and for the faid five or more mem* ^ bers, giving ten day® previous notice thereof by fummons in writing, to be left at the place of refidence of each member, to fummon and hold a general court, and there to do and difpatch aoy bufinefa relating to the government or affairs of the faid corporation, and to hear and debate any complaint that (hall be made againlt any governor, dc-puty governor, or director, for mifmanagement of his or their refpective offices; and if fuch governor, deputy governor or directors, lhall not clear himfelf or themfelves of fuch complaint, to the fatisfaction of the major part of the . members of the faid corporation in the faid general court afiembled, that then within ten days another general court (hall be called, finally to determine the fame by the majority of their votes as aforefaid, who may remove or dif-place all or any of the governor, deputy governor, or di* re&ora, for fuch mifdemeanors or abufe of their offices, and elect and choofe others in his or their room, in the fame manner as the faid elections are herein before directed to be made, and in every cafe where any governor, deputy governor, or dire&or, (hall happen to die or be removed, or Ilia office (hall otherwise become void before the expiration of the time for which he (hall have been ele&ed, it (hall and may be lawful for the major part of the members of the faid corporation afiembled in a general court, to eled and ctyoofe any other member of' the faid corporation into the office of fuch governor, deputy governor, or dire dor that (ball fo die or be removed, or whofe office (hall be-totnc void, which perfon fo to be chofcn (hall continue in the 'faid office until the next ufual time hereby appointed for election, and until others (hall be duly choicn and fwom.

XIV.	And for the better ordering and managing the Governors affairs of the faid corporation, it is hereby enaded by the an,l directors authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for™*^™**1** the faid governor, deputy governor, and directors for the tiipe being, or any five or more of them, of which the. governor or deputy governor to b£ always one, except as herein after mentioned, from time to time, and at all convenient times to aflemble and meet together at any convenient place or places, until fuch hall (hall be c reded* and afterwards at fuch hall for the dire&ion or management of th{ affairs and bufinefs of the faid corporation, and then and there to hold courts #f difeftoys for the purpofes afore^

(aid, and to, fummon general courts to meet as oft,eu ps they,

S	2	lhall

t) 6

A. t>.

*J9»-Crop* 34.

Whan the

governor or , iep. jfnv (tail he abknt a cha-rman may be tholcn for that time only.

fhe th&iy-jitjl Year b/ Ckbvgfc ITT.

(ball 'fee- ea'trfe; and that the faid governor, deputy and direftors, or the major part of them fo affVmblcfl^ whereof the governor or deputy governor is to be alwttyi tint, except a* herein after mentioned, (ball and may aft according to fuch by-laws, conftitutions, orders, roles or dirtftions, as (hall from time to time be made arid given fcnto them by the general court df the fatd corporation; and in all cafes where fuch by-laws, con ft it lit ions, orders, #h!es, or direft*on% by or from the general court ■fhall be wanting, the faid governor, deputy governor, and direftors, or the major part of thtm fo aflembled, whereof the governor or deputy governor (hall be always one, except as herein after mentioned, fhall and may direct and manage sH the affairs and bufinefs of the faid company, and choofe agents and fftvants, which fhall from tinte to time be decenary to be employed in the affairs and bufinefs of the faid Company, and allow And pay reafonable falaries and allowances to the faid agents and fervants refpeftfvely, and them dr any of them from time to time to remove or difplacc as they fhall fee caufe, and genenl!y to aft and do in afi nutters and things whatfoever, which they fhall judge nccef-faty for the well ordering and managing of the faid company and ^he affairs thereof, and to do, enjoy, peiform, and execute all the powers, authorities, privileges, afts and things in relation to the faid company, as fully to all intents and purpofes as if the fame were done by the governor, deputy governor, and conipany of the apothecaries* hall, or by a general court of the fame.

XV.	Provided nevcrtlielefs, and it is hereby further en-afted, That when any general court or courts of direftors of the faid company fhall be aflVmblfcd, according to due fummons or appointment, in cafe the faid governor and deputy governor fhall be abfent from fuch meeting one hour after the dine appointed ih fuch fummons or appointment for the proceeding to bufinefs, or fooner if the faid governor and deputy governor fhall ftgnify by writing that they arc incapacitated from attending faid meeting by ficknefsor otherwise, that, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful for every filch general court and court* of directors refpeftively, to choofe a chairman for that time only, and to proceed tobufmofs, and to tranfaft the affairs of the faid company, and that the tranfaftions of the faid general Court of direftors fhall be as valid and effeftual to all intents and purpofes as if the faid governor or depnty governor had been prefent, fo that in every fuch court of direftoit there be five direftors prefent; any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wife notwith(landing ; and cvCry fuch chairman fo to be chofeo (hall have the like - *	privilege*

1

/



% :

»

s

T* ■■

\ > *

<

Sworn member- at a general ourt, con-of Hot lcfs,than iS may make by* laws,

The thirty fir ft Fear *f George III.

privtkgct and authority in »U rc(pe&s Ri the governor or deputy governor might have or exercife, if he were prefen t.

XVI.	And it is hereby further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for all members, having tirii taken the oaths, or being firftduly affirmed as herein before directed, at their general court as aforefaid, the faid court Co coniift of at lead fifteen members, to make aud conilitute fuch by-laws and ordinances for a; d relating to the affairs and government of the faid company, and the impaling mulcts and amcrciamcntjs upon the offenders againlt the fame, as to them fhall feem meet fo as that Uurh by-laws be not repugnant to the laws of the kingdom of Ireland, and lo as that no by-law, ftatute, or ordinance for or concerning the com* pofition of medicines fhall be made without the approbation of the college of phyficians, by writing under the college feal firft had and obtained, all which mul&s and amerciaments fhall and may he received and recovered, to the only ufe and behoof of the faid governor, deputy governor, and company of the apothecanes' hall of Dublin, 3nd their fuceefTors for ever, without any account or other matter or^ thing to be thereof rendered to his Majelly, his heirs and fuceefTors, and alio to allow fuch falarie* to the governor, deputy governor, or dire <or3, as to them fhall feem meet ; provided alfo ncverthclefs, that no governur, deputy governor, or chairman, in the abfence of any governor or deputy, fhall have any vote in a general court or courts of directors, fave where there (hall happen to be an equal number of votes,

XvHI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That when and fo often as any member of faid corporation fhall wifh to withdraw from the fame, and transfer his (hare of the flock or fund of faid corporation, that he fhall give notice thereof at a general meeting of laid corporation, in writing under his hand and feal; and thereupon it fhall be lawful for any judicious pra&ifing apothecary refident within the city of Dublin, or the fuburbs or liberties thereof, to purchafe the (hare of fuch member, and all fuch transfers and alignments of the (hare or (hares of fuch capital (lock, (hall be by an entry in a book to be kept for that pur pole, figned by the party fo aligning or trans-ferring, in the words and to the folio wing; that is to fay.	*

Memorandum, that I A. B. this	'«	Jay of f 0f entry

in the year of our lord	do	affign

and transfer my interejl or Jhare in the catital /lock or fund of the governor and company of the apothecaries' hall of Dublin,

and

Notice of io«

fention to withdraw, co be Sivrti at a pe-jieral meeting.

*7&	TA*	thirtyfirfi	Tear of George HI.

and all benefits arifng thereby, wito	bis	executors^

adminfirator/y And ajfgns.	Witnefs my band

Or in cafe the perfon aligning be not perfonaDy prefent, then by an entry in the faid book, figned by fome perfon thereunto lawfully authorized by letter of attorney, or writing under hand and Seal, attefted by. two or more creditable whnedes, in the words following, to wit,

form of entry, Memormdumr that I A. B. this	day	of

in the year of our lord	by	virtue of a letter of attorney , or authority under hand and ftal of	dated, the

day of	in	the	year	of	our Lord

do in the name and on the behalf of the faid ajfign and transfer the inter ft or Jhare of the faid	in	the capital foci or fund tf the gover-

nor and company of the apothecaries9 hall of Dublin, and all benefit arifing thereby unto	*	his	executors, admin*

firators, and affigns.	Mfitnefs my	hand.

transfer to be Under which transfer the perfon to whom fuch affignmen^ figned by the or transfer (hall be made, (hall fign his name, atteding that made" ficc^ ***	d0*8 v°kmtarily accept the fame, and the entry fignetl'

*	’	as aforefaid (hall be the only manner and method ufed in

palling, affigning, or transferring the intered or (hare in faid capital dock or fund ; and when any member "of faid corporation (hall die, notice thereof b^iqg giv$n at a general meeting of faid corporation, it (hall and mpy be lawful for any judicious pradtifing apothecary refident within the city of Dublin, or the fuijurbs or liberties thereof; who (ball be fo minded to purchafe the (hare of fuch deceafed member, upon paying the perfonal reprefentative of fuch deceafed, member the full value of the (hare of fuch deceafed member, and entry thereof (hall be made in the book or books to be. kept. Cor that purpofe, which (hall contaiu the abdrad of the probate of the vftll, or letters of adminidnUion; under which faid reprefentative a&s, fnd alfo a receipt for the purchafe money, to be figned by fuch perfonal representative, or by fome perfon for that purpofe thereunto lawfully authorized ; and all fuch transfer? fhall'be good and available in law, and convey the whole edate and Entered of the perfon (b transferring oy ordering, the feme to be transr 0	ferred.

XVIII.	And in as much as many dangerous and fetal Confequences hqpe heretofore arifen from the pra&ice of taking as apprentices to the art and mydery of an apothe-: cary, boys or perfons disqualified by the want of proper, education, to prepare or vend medicine, not being capable

A. D*

l*79x* Chap. 34.

The thirtyfirjl Tear of George IIT.

mf learning their nature, difference, cffe&s, and qualities, to the imminent hazard of the lives of his Majefty's faithful and loyal fubje&s, be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, no perfon or perfons fhall be received, taken, indented or employed as an apprentice, foreman or fhopman to any apothecary throughout the kingdom of Ireland, until he or they (hall be examined by the governor, or deputy governor, and directors of the apothecaries' hall of Dublin, ,any five to make a quorum, who are hereby authorized and required to examine into the education and qualifications of fuch perfon or perfons who fhall apply to them for that purpofe, and the majority of fuch examiners are hereby authorized aud empowered after fuch examination to certify that fuch perfon or perfons fo applying to them, as fhall appear to fuch examiners properly qualified to become an apprtnticc or apprentices, journeyman or journeymen, to learn or tran-fa£f the bufinefs of an apothecary, in the mannet or to the effect following, that is to fay,

From 24th June 1^91, no apprentice, foreman, of fhopman to be taken to any apothecary until he (ball be examined a* herein.

To all to ^1)001 thefe prefents Jhall come greeting, know ye* form of eertifi. that we the governor, deputy governor, and directors of the apo- catc' thee a riet* hall of Dublin, have thu day duly and carefully examined A. B. the fan of C- D. of9 or lute of	(df	the

cafe may be) in tlx county of	and	we	think	him

properly educated or qualified to become an apprentice or journeyman ( as the cafe may be) to learn or trarfah the bitfinefs of an apothecary, and we do hereby certify the fame.

Given under ourfeal the	day	of

in the year of our Lord

■	'	'	'	o

XIX.	Provided nevcrthclefs, That if fuch examiners, . Perfon refu-or the major part of them, fhall fee caufe to refufe fuch |^aVa^^l^atC certificate to any perfon applying to become an appren- ^aniincd^aftrr tice or fhopman, yet it fhall and may be lawful to and for 6 months &:c fuch perfon or perfons who fhall be fo refufed to apply

at any future time, fo as the fame be not within fix months of fuch firlt examination, to be again examined ; and if on fuch fecund examination he fhall appear to * the examiners, or the major part of them, to be then properly qualified, it fhall and may be lawful for faid examiners, or the major part of them, to grant fuch perfon fo applying fuch certificate as herein before mentioned.

XX.	Audit is further enabled by the authority afopc- After fecond faid, That it fhall and may be lawful for every perfon who p^J^^ag^ricv-fhall confider himfelf aggrieved by the judgment or deter-

*	2	ruination

dT

«<3

“ ijFe'n-

y'i

Examiner’*

oath.

T~M iH'&ftft' Ym tf

muWtibo of the feid examiners, or the major part of ten,* within ten dfey* liter filch fefcond (lotbsminatton, to appeal to the genrud council bf the faid company, or fubkriter* at Iferge, andtho gofrerhor, or in his abfence the deputyfo~ vqfOftr, hi heneby empowered and required thereupon to i fi{p)9)on jt genetal council, which (hall proceed to cxanupo thjr perfon ib applying* ayd (hall aa they or the m^jpr part of them, (hall Cce caufe, affirm or .reucjlc the judgment of fucb &xarnioerft» not; lofy.than 6ftce»vmcmberg of (aid etn.

’ pafly being ppifhUtfl and if the * mtraibes: of faid cam* 'P3)yb W ther major part of them, oa fueh re-exazoimBtaDo ;dud! be of opinion io reverfe the determination of the exa-mkpers, then that it (hall aad may he- lawful for the member* o|« faid company* Ur -the major part of them prefent at ftick reexamination*, tn grant to the perfon applying ftteh certificate at before oicniioqed* and the fame & granted (hall♦ be good, walid# and effectual in. law, to aUlttcqfcmy» and purports,, aa if the fame had bcen'grantfd by the examiner* in thqfirft ini^pce.	.	.	7	;

XXL Provided alfo, That before any perfon (hall aft aa any fuch examination or appeal, fuch perfon (hall take the following oath or affirmation, (as tb? cafe may be).

/A.B, A fncerefy promife and/war* (or affirm) that f evtd faithfully* tmpattialfy* and: honeJHy*' according to the Befl ofninjt fiiin amt hninvledge* execute the trufl repifed in me ms an extitfttoer on the examination of C. D. and that •without favour or^affelion* prejudice or malice.

• "	So'help me Otnt

Which oath or affirmation any five or more of the examiner* on their firft examination, or .on any appeal# arq hereby ' * authorised and >etpiired'itr adminifter to each other.

No perfon to :5C‘XII And be it farther enabled by the authority afore* open fy>p, or fan!, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, cm^untile^ 1 e 7WP our one thoufand ftven hundred and mined asbeiore. n,ncty‘onc» no perfon (hall open (hop, or aft fn the art or royfiery of an apothecary within the kingdom of Ireland, until fuch perfon (hall hare been examined ui to hi* qualification and knowledge of the bufinefs, by fuch perfon* and in fuch manner-as herein before mentioned and required, for the examination of perfons applying to become apprentices or (hopkeepers ; .which examiner* (hall take the oath before mentioned, in manner as herein before required, and (hall grant or refufe to the perfon fo applying for. a certificate to operia (hop, or follow the art and my fiery of an apothecary v wfthiri the kingdom of Ireland, with the like remedy of ap-pcalas herein before mentioned.

XXIII. And

The'thirty Jirfi Temr 'af George III-

UCXIII, And be k: enaded by the authority aftkefirid, That it after fuch examination by the general council or fubfcribys at large, fuch perloii fo intending to open fiiop ihali tiii ik himfclf aggrieved, that it fliidl and may be lawful for fuch perfon, within eight days "after luch determination, to appeal to the king and queen's college of pliyficifths in Iidand, who 4W1 proceed to rervamine the ptrhni fo applying, and (halt as they or the major part of them fhaTl fee catilc, affirm or reverie the judgment of inch examiners, not krfs than five fellows of faid college being prelci.t; a.kf if the members of faid college or the major pain of them, an fuch re-examination (hall be of opinion to reverie rhe de-lueimi nation of the examiners,' then that n Ptiali and may he lawful tor the mPndn rs of faid’college, or the major part of then preferit on fuch examination, to giant to th'e'terfoii 'o appealing fuch* certineatc as herein before mentioned, ai d the fame fo granted (hall be as gOod, valid^ and tfltdurd in law to all intents and rurpofes,’ as if the fame had been granted by the examiners in the firft inltauce; provided always* that before any fellow of laid college (hah efcamfneon fuch appeal he fhall take the examiner’s uath herein before mentioned.

XXIV.	Provided alfo, That it fhall and may be lawful for all apothecaries to he prefent at every' fuch examination, andthat every inch perfon for ?Verjr filch certificate to open (hop, (ball pay a Jam of ten (hiHiiigs vnd no mure j arn<J for every perfon for a certificate to-become an apprentice or journeyman to an apothecary, the fuin of five (hillings'and no more; which fums (h 11 be and enure t6 the foie uie and benefit c*f th*C iasd' company of the apothecaries’ hall of l>ubliri.

XXV.	And be it enaded bv the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, in the yearW our lord one thoufand leven hundred and jnnety-or*, no apothecary within the kin gdom of lie.and, (hall have, take, receive, indent, or hire any apprentice to

the art and myftery of an apothecary for a kfftr. tiipgor tarm than feven years, from the day o the date of hicft indent tire, article, minute,, mcmornnchim, or agreement, and every fuch indenture, article, mhiipc, memorandum,.or agreement, fhall hear date really and truly the day of fuch indenture, article, minute, memorandum, or agreement, (haH be figned, executed, or entered into

XXV71. And be it further enaded by the authority . afurefaid, That if ahv apothecary within the*, kingdom of Ireland, (hail after the twenty fourth day of June, in the year aforefaid, have, take, indents receive, or hire any perfon or perfons’as an apprentice or as a fhopman, journeyman.

X2

2&t *

1791#. -

awp'i^'

P rfonv in-tc».<(ing t« opc« (hop mav appeal a» herein.

-> .n mV:

,	-	n	1

r’;iy lie erelc ;it at examinations, &c.

riA

ic

No apprentice to he taken for ids than 7 years.



Mtrapt^rt-' ‘' nee, Sit: th he * t iken without a certificate.

Digitized b}

Google



Tbt rtlrtjjtgf Ymr Qiorgt III.

A. P. ma*» jorcmsn, overfeer of his (hop, or marUgtf of hh

1791.	hufmcU at an apothecary, or (hall open (hop or warcroom Qhap. £4. i for the retail of medicine,, or p*a&»k the art and myftery ^	‘	of	an apothecary within the kingdom of Ireland, without,

filch jpcrfon or perfons having obtained .the proper certificate for that purpose hereinbefore direfted; or (hall take any apprentice for lefs time than feven years, whofe indentures (hall be enrolled in a book to be kept for that purpofe by this corporation, for which the fum of one (hilling (hall be paid, fuch perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum pf twenty pounds, to be recovered by the. governor and company of the apothecaries’ hall of Dublin, by adion of debt, fuit, plaint, or information, in any of his Majcfty’s courts at Dublin, wherein 90 efloign, pn>-tedion, privilege, injundion, wager of law, or ftay of pro-fecution by non vult ulUr'uu profeqm^ (hall be admitted or allowed, or any more than one imparlance, and the fums fo recovered (hall be and enure to the ufe of. the laid com* pany.

XXVII.	And provided allot, That nothing herein con* tailed (hall extend or be condrued to extend to any apprentice or (hopman, or apothecary’s foreman, or owner of the (hop, or manager in or about the bufinefs of an apothecary, as aforefaid, who (hall appear to have been leally and bona fide taken, received, indented, or hired, or to have opened (hop befone ,thc paffing of this ad.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That no apothecary within the kingdom of Ireland, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thouiand feven hundred and ninety-one, (hall grind, compound, fell, or keep any arfenick, oils, or colours for painter’s ufe, in the (hop or room wherein he compounds medicines,, under a penalty of five pounds, the fame to be forfeited, and go to the ufe and fund of the governor and company of the apothecaries1 hall of Dublin, to be recovered by them in the fame manner, and with the. like reflridions as the other penalties under this ad.

XXIX.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That this ad (hall in all courts and places be deemed and taken to be a public ad, and (hall be judicially taken notice of by all judges, jufiices, and courts whatfoever, without

Not to extend to apprentices. Sec. who were (b before the pairing of thiaafiL

Arfieme, dec. to be kept at herein.

ApohC^ad.

Arieoscnotto

he fqld»cxccpt at hrirein.

fpecially pleading the fame. * XXX. And be it:

further enaded by the authority afore-fajd, That every apothecary, druggift, or other fuch perfon felling any quantity lefs than one pound weight of flic, (hall at the time of fuch fale, and before delivering, enter in a book to be kept for that purpofe, the quantity fold, and the time when it was fo fold, to which entry the *	perfoa

Digitized by



The thirty frf Tear of George III.

perfon buying fhall fign his or her name, addition and plac*

•f abode ; or in cafe fuch perfon fo purchafing cannot write, the name, addition, and place of abode of fuch perfon being firft written, fuch perfon fhall fet his or her name thereto, and the fame fhall be attefted by fuch apothecary or druggift, or fome other perfon prefent; and in cafe fuch apothecary or druggift fhall not know the per-iori buying to be of fuch name, or place of abode, then fuch apothecary or druggift fhall not deliver fuch arfenic until it fhall be certified to him by fome perfon known to fuch apothecary or druggift, that the perfon buying is the fame as he or fhe deferibes himfelf or herfelf to be; and io cafe any apothecary or druggift felling arfenic fhall f*il herein, he or fhe fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as herein after mentioned.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That in cafe any mifehief fhall arife to the perfon or wife by arfenic, pVoperty of any individual, by means of fucb arfenic fo fvl<*cncc herein fold, and that fuch apothecary or druggift fo felling fhall l° crcccivc Happen to die, then and in fuch cafe fuch book fhall be received as evidence in any court criminal or civil in this kingdom, of the fale and delivery of fuch arfenic to fuch perfon fo figning, upon any trial to be had at law refpc&ing fuch mifehief, the hand writing of fuch perfon fo figning being firft proved in the ufual way.

If mifehief

CHAP.. XXXV.

jin A cl to explain and amend an A*?, Entitled, An A3 for

• cjlablijhing a complete School of Phyfic in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS by the faid a& the prefident, or in his abfence the vice-prefident, and the college of phy-fieians, are authorized to appoint clinical leftures to be given in fuch hofpital or hofpijals in the city of Dublin, as fhall be found moft convenient for that purpofe, until an hofpital can be provided for giving the clinical lc&ures: *n,d whereas the faid le&ures are indifpcnfably neccffary to. the fuccefs of a fchool of phyfic, and difficulties have been found in providing proper accommodations and convenient rooms in any hofpital in the faid city for giving the faid lectures : and whereas an annual furplus of the funds of the hte fir Patrick Dunn, applicable to the fupport of the faid fchool of phyfic, after payment of the annual falarics and other annual charges remains unapplied to the amount of right hundred pounds yearly, or thereabouts, be it eua&ed

L-	;	'V





The prefi-dcnr, &c. fl>aT cake a houlc u herein.

Con fen t of trufteea to be obtained.

1000I. may be expended at herein.

Tfp&ixtf-jfoi% Tear tf George Ilf.

by tbcf Kfog’s Woft excellent Majcfty, by aad with the ad-wee and ctfnftut of the fordf fpiritual and temporal, and <jomrnt>#8 forjfor. pre&ut parbanxnt afletnbltd, and by tbc a»th<H?ty.jofr the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and fo^.fh* prefident, or in hi* abfsoce the vice-prcfidentr aod college Qt {jhyfiefofis, until fome hofpital fhajl be provided fat giving the faid le&ures, to take a hotde in the. city of, Dublin, in feme convenient fituation for giving tine bid Ic&otai, and to furfofb the fanae with all nccefTariee for that; purpose, and to prpyide proper medicines and fuck afiftvta aa. are aeceflary for the care of the patients therein and al£><tp diiburie from time to time fuch part of the fold fUrpluh and of fuck farther furplua as liaJl annually airffejoot:^f.^e. reuta and profits of the faid fir Patrick Dunn’s real and perfonal eftates, as .may be found ucctfkry for the payment of the rent of the bid honfe, and the expeocvspCi providing the. bud medicines, and of propur-fog of the (hid afliftants, and ot the other purpofes neocf-try for carrying on the faid clinical le&ures, which lectures tbit feviral! prcic flora are aUernalely to give without aay forttar allowance for the fame out of the roots aid profits* ithfir yearly (alary of one hundred pounds each ex-oepted, ,

IL provided always, and be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid prefident, or in his abfence the vice-prefident, and the college of phyficians, (hall previoufly obtain the confent of the truflees appointed by the faid a&, or of a majority of thefo, for the expenditure of the fums that (hall be found neceflary for anfwering the purpofes aforefaid.

Ul. And he it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (halt and may be lawful to and for thg (aid prefident, or in his abfence the vice-prefldent, and college of phyficiaost havjng firft obtained the confent of the truflees, or of a majority 3f th^m for fo doing, to apply a competent part, not exceeding in the whole thVfarfi of one thoufand pounds of the faid annual fbrplus, and of foch farther annual fuf-plus as fhafl from‘time to time arife towards crc&ing an hof-pital in (bmt convenient place in the city of Dublin, for the purpofe of* giving cHnicalle&tires therein, and fbr providing a piece1 df ground for crewing the ford hofpital upon, and that in cafe any hpfpital now exiting can be purchafcd, that it (Kali and may be lawful to at.d for the faid prefident, qt fo hia abfence the vice-prefldent, and college of phyfici-mis, firft obtaining fuch confent as aforefaid, inflead of ere&ing a new hofpital, to lay out any fura not exceeding the fum herein before mentioned", in or towards the ptirchale of fuch hofpital fonftHt purpofer aforefaid, in cafe they fhould

think

Digitized by

Google

The tlnrtyfirjl Tear of George III.

think It more expedient to purchafe the faid hofpital ihan to <ere~t a new hofpital a* aforefaid.

TV. And be it enaded* by the authority aforefaid, That fetch part of the faid annual furplus as fhall from time to time be found rteceflary, fhall with the confent aforefaid,	herein*"

be applied for providing the accommodations, medicines, * and aflill&nts neceIVy for (uch patients as are proper f^bjeds for giving clinical ledures, it being the ititent of this ad, that the faid power given to the faid prefident, or vice pne-fident, and college of phyficians, to take fuch houfe as aforefaid, for giving clinical ledures, fhall remain and continue no longer than until fome hofpital can be provided proper and convenient for giving the faid lectures.

V. And be it enadtd by the authority aforefaid, That Application whatever annual fubferiptions or contributions fhall be paid °f future fub-or given towards the building of the faid hofpital, or for ob- fcr PtlOD*-taining the priv lege of having a bed therein, or of recom* mending patients theteto, fhall be applied towards the erection of the faid hofpital. and the annual expenccs of the fame, and of the afliftants and medicines neceffary for accommodation and relief of patients therein.

CHAP. XXXVI.

jfn AH to amend and confolidate the fever a I 48s relating to the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Menders to ferve in Parliament•

0

H E R E A S it is expedient to reduce the feveral laws for regulating controverted elrdions into one ad, together with fuch amendments as may be neceffary for better an I wenng the falutary purpolcs intended by thofe laws *. be it enaded by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and whh the advice and confent of the lords ipiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afTem-bkd, and by the authority of the lame, That an ad palled in this kingdom in the eleventh year of his prelent Ma*	'repw1-

jefty's reign, entitled, sin att to regulate the trials or controvert* eJ. * edeleHiotUy or returns of members to ftrve in parliament ; alfo an ad paired in this kingdom in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Majdty's reign, entitled, in ad for making perpetual an a8> entitled, n aft to regulate the trials of controverted eledions9 or returns of me mbers to ferve on parliament; alfo an a *t palled in the feventcenth and eighteenth years of his prefent M^jdty's reign, entitled*

An ad to amend an ad pajfed in Uc eleventh year tj the mgn

Digitized by Google

Petitions.

Petitions taken into con-(idcration as herein.

Confideration may be poftpon-ed on giving notice.

Petitioners to enter into a recognizance.

The tforty-firfi Tear of George III.

of bis prefent MajtJhf, entitled, An alto regulate the trials af controverted elections9 or returns of members to ferve in parliament; and alfo an a& patted in the twenty-firft and twcnty-fccoud years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad to explain and amend an ad faffed in the eleventh year of bis prefent Majejlfs reign, entitled. Am esS to regelate the trials of controverted eledions, or returns cf members to ferve in parliament, be from and after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament repealed, and the fame are hereby repealed, and made null and void.

II.	And be it ena&ed. That from and after the faid time, whenever a petition complaining of an undue election, or return of a member or members to ferve in parliament, (hall be prefented to the boufe of commons, a day and hour (ball be appointed for taking the fame into confideration ; and notice thereof in writing (hall be forthwith given by the fpeaker to the petitioners and the fitting members of their icfpc&ive agents, accompanied with an order to them to attend the houfe, at the time appointed by themfelves, their counfel or agents.

III.	Provided always, That no fucli petition (hall be taken into confideration within fourteen days after the commencement of the feffion of parliament in which it is prefented, nor within fourteen days after the return to which it relates (hall be brought into the office of the clerk of the crown.

IV.	Provided alfo, That the houfe may alter the day and hour fo appointed for taking fuch petition into confi-deration and appoint fomc fubfequeqt day and hour for the fame, as occafion (hall require; giving to the ic-fpedtive parties the like notice of fuch alteration, and order to attend on the fubfequent day and hour as afore-faid.

V.	And be it enafted. That no proceeding (hall be had on any petition in purfuance of thiVaft, unieis the perfon or perfons fubfetibing the fame,.or fome one or more of them, (hall within fourteen days after the fame (hall hare been prefented to the houfe, or within fuch further time as (hall be limited by the houfe, perlbnally enter into a recognizance to our fovereign lord the King, before the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, who is hereby authorized to take the fame according to the form hereunto annexed, in the fum of two hundred pounds ,(lerling, with two fufficient fureties in the fum of one handled pounds each, to appear before the houfe at fuch time or times as (hall be fixed by the houfe for taking fuch petition into confideration; and aUo to appear before any feleft committee which (hall be aj>-pointed by the houfe for the trial of the fame ; and to m»

new

Digitized by C^ooQle

Time for en-

T.he thirty Jirfi Tear op George III.'

•cw the fame in every fubfequent Ceffion of parliament, until a. fele£fc committee (hall have been appointed by the houfe for trial of the fame, or until the lame (hall be withdrawn by the permifiion of the home ; and if on the expiration of the faid fourteen day9 or fuch further time as (hall be limited by the houfe, fuch recognizances (hall not have been fo entered into, or (hall not have been received by the fpeaker of the houfe at commons, the fpeaker (ha.l report the fame to the houfe, and the order for taking fuch petition into coii-fidcration (hall thereupon be difeharged, unlefs upon matter fpecially (fated and verified upon oath to the fatisfa&ion of the houfe, the houfe (hall fee caufe to enlarge the time for entering into fuch recognizance ; and whenever fuch time (hall be fo enlarged, the order for taking fuch petition into confideration, (h?ll, if neceffary, be poltponed, fo that no fuch petition fhnll be fo taken into confideration till after fuch recognizances (hall have been entered into before the fpeaker.

VI.	Provided always, That time for entering into fuch

recognizance (hall not be enlarged more than once, nor for tcr*ng into any number of days exceeding thirty.	recognizance.

VII.	And be it ena£fed, That the fufficiency of the Sufficiency of fureties named therein (hall be judged of, and allowed by the furcties to be faid fpeaker, on the report of two perfons appointed by him reported as

to examine the fame, of which two perfons the clerk, or llcrcxn-clerk afliftant of the houfe of commons (hall always be one, and one of the following officers not being a member of cither houfe of parliament (hall be the other ; that is to fay, mailers of the high court of chancery, prothonotaries of the court of KingVbench, of the court of common pleas, and chief remembrancer or clerk of the pleas of the court of exchequer ; and the faid perfons fo appointed are hereby authorized and required to examine the fame, and to report their judgment thereupon ; and are alfo hereby authorized to demand and receive fuch fees for fuch examination and report as (hall be from time to time fixed by any refolution •f the houfe.	,	’ »

VIII.	And be it ena&ed, That the houfe (hall not per- Petition not mit any fuch petition to be withdrawn, except fo far as the to be with-famc may relate to the eledion or return of any member or ^rawn" members who (hall fince the fame (hall have been prefent-

ed have vacated his or their feat by death, or in any other manner.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any fuoh peti- perfons n*

tioner or petitioners (hall not appear before the houfe by gleaing to do himfelf or themfclves, or by hi9 or their counfel or agents,	herein, for-

within one hour after the time fixed in purfdance of this	rcco£"

adfc for culling in the refpeclive parties, their counfel or

agents.

Digitized by

Googl

m

AIDu

Chip*

. Rerogmaanse

and coruscate to be del W». red to the cour^.of exlhequer.

^Members and petitioners, or their couu-cU, to attend, as herein.

The ttirtrjS/r Ytw* If Georg* IEL

agents, for the pkrpofe of prrtfccedirtgto the appofihtifcbrtfr <Jf a klecfc committee: or if the felert committee appnhted i6 purfounce of this ad, (hall inform the hoitfc tkar fttch per* fon or perfons did n it appear before the feid cdiSrtuftee- by himfetf or themfelveft, or by hi* or, then* chunfd or agent* to profecute their feid petition ; or if fuch peifon or perfooh JhaH neglect to renew their fakf petition vrithirt fourteen fitting days afeer the dor df'tb* comtnmceweht'dT evfcfy fet* lion of the fame, parliament< fobfeqtiem to tlfevirt which fuch petition vns fird prefented, and until a	(commit*

tee (hall have been appointed for trial of the feme, or until the feme fhzll have* bee* withdrawn by pfchhiflRon of the houfe ; in every fuch cafe fiteh perfon -or perfota* findl bd held to have forfeited his or their recognisance, and the Cpeakc* of the houfe rtf cowl mom (hall thereupon certify fucb recognizance into the court of Exchequer t and fhaH sdfo certify that fuch perfoa or peWons have made default therein t and fuch certificate (hall be conclufive evidence of fuch default, and the rtrcogniiandb being fo certified, (hall have the fame cSeA as if the feme artro treated fibm a court of law.

X.	Provided always, That foch recognisance and certificate (hhll hi every foch cdfe be delivered by the derk, at clerk aflidant of the houfe of commons, into the hands of the lord chief borort of the exchequer, or of one of the bal* rout of the exchequer, or of fuch officer as (hail be appointed by the faid court to receive the feme.

XL Amd be it further enadedj That at 4he time ap-pointedfor talcing fuch petitions into cmrfidertltmn, and prtv vim* to the reading the order rtf the day for that pdrpofe, the ferjcaiit aSt arm* (hull be directed to go with the mace ro the places adjacent, and require the immediate attendance of the members on the bufmefe of the houfe ; and that immediately after* hie return, the petitioners by thenlCeHes, their cuunfel or agents, and the coUnfd or agetft* of the fitting members, fiiall be ordered to attend at the bar ; and the doors of the houfe {hall be locked, and the orderpf thtf day (hall be read, and the houfe (hafi b* itirtfiediately tailed over, and the names of thofe members Who (half upon luc& call be abfent, ihall be taken down by the derk ; and every member who ftndl Co abfent himfcl# (except fuch as are incapable by the provifions of (his a<ft from ferring upon ftrefi fe!c& committee, or are abfent by leave of the houfej fha!l--be dhxifted to attend the houfe « the next fitting thereof, and (hall then be ordered to be taken, of remanded into ettf-tody, as the cafe may be, by the ferjeant at ahhs attending the houfe, or (hall incur fuch other cerifure as the houfe (hall think fit to inflict upon hk& for fuoh negie&of his duty, uo-I	left

Digitized by

Google

The	of	George III. '

Jcfs£ rfafojiable	fufijftijpj cxcufe he afligaed, uppn the

oath of the member or .of loirie other {credible perfon, and be allowed by the hoqfe,

XII.	Aod be it farther enafted, T^hat i/ open calling

oyer .the houfe as aforefaid*. it Jhall appear that fixty meriv-bers,' ejccWive pf the fpc^hfr, are riot prxfent, the faid or-	™oUfc

dec (hall be immediately adjaurned tp the fa/ne hour on the t0 adjourn to following day, arid in^edi^tely after the houfc fhall be ad- next day. journed to fucti fpllo^ii^g day, (Suoday* Chriftmas* Day,

and Cpod-friday excepted,) when as on each fuecceding day, the names of thole members who were abfent on the preceding day, fhall be called over immediately after the ipeaker takft3 the chair, and the houfe fhall proceed to allow or difallpw the caufe alledged by, pr for each member, as bis name ihall be called over; and after determining upon the matter of each excufe alledged as aforefaid, the houfc fhall proceed as heretofore before is direfted; and fo from day today; dotil there fhall be an attendance of fixty mco>

hers, e?dufiveof the fpeake^

XIII.	Provided always anil be it further* ena&cd, That Not to be

no member ordered or remanded into cuitody, fhall be dif- wJ^out fee* Charged from paying fees, unlcfe upon excufe to be verified	’

Upon oath, arid entered in the journals of the houfe*

$jV, And be it further enafted, That if at the time of dumber of drawing bf JM> the names of the members in the manner members to be herein after direfted, the dumber of thirty-five members prc cnt* c‘ i)ot fet afi^e or excufed cannot be Completed* the order for taking fuch petition totp eonfideration fhall be immediately adjourried to a particular hour on the following day ; Sun«i day, Chridmas-Day, and Good-friday excepted j and oil the faid following day the houfe fhall proceed in fame manlier, and fo from day to day till a felcft Committee fhall be appointed-

XV.	Arid he it further enabled, That if on fuch follow- Petitions to ing day, there fhall be an order for taking apy other peti- betaken into tfon Complaining of an undue election Or return into confi- £0^00^° *Q deration* fuch order fhajl be adjourned to the day following, cac^ day.

and fo as often as the cafe fhall happen that any order for taking any fuch petition into eonfideration fhall be adjourned by virtue of this aft, to the end that each petition may be taken into eonfideration fucceflively, according to the order appointed prior to any fuch adjournment; and that no more than one fuch petition fhall be taken into con-fideration on one and the fame day.

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Name* of all faid, That if after calling over the houfe, fixty members,

cxclufive' of the fpeaker, fhall be found to be prefent, the gia}i«s. names of all the members of the houfe, except as herein

Vo*. IX.	T	after

» *

1S9 A. D.

I79I-Chap. 3$.

If fixty mem-

Qigitized by

Google

- i<jo

A.

09 «•

Chap. $o.

Member*

wh »ie iuu-.ct arc to be Jet alkie.

Member* of f>o year* of age c.u uic i front ftrving.

Member*

Whofe names a»e-not to be put i.i the glafics.

Member * appointed and e*curid nW deemed to have ferved.

The thirty frjl Ycdr of feeorge III.

*fter e*cepte<},. written or printed oft diftinrA piece^ <sf parchment or papef, being all as near *3 may he of equal fizc, and rolled up in the fame manner, thill be put ifi equal numbers as Well as the cafe wiQ admrt, into fix'gbfTcs lo be placed upon the table foe that ptrrpofe, and (hall there he ihaken together ; and tlien the clerk or cfefk alhftant (hall pnblickly draw otft of the laid glades alternately the fat'd pieces of parchment or paper, and deliver the fame to the fpeaker, to be by him read to the houfe; and fo (hall continue to do until thirty-five names of the ifteiftbeis then prefent be drawn.

XVII.	Provided always, That if the name of afny member who (hall have given in hrs vote at the elc&ion complained of as aforefaidj of who (hall be a petitioner on his own behalf, as having been a candidate complaining of axt Undue ele&ion or returnp or againft whofc return a petition (hall he then depending, of whofe return (hall not have been brought in fourteen fitting days, or who (haH have been returning officer at the elcaion complained of ft all be drawn, his name (ball be fet afidc, with the names of thofc who are ubfcrrt.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, That if the ftarfte of any member of fixty years of a e or upwards lhall be <fra\vn, he (ball be c*difed from ferring on fuch ftleft Committee, if he require it, And verrfp the caufe of fuch requifition dpoii oath; Tmt if he fhall not require it the firft ttftfe he (hall be pVefent in ativ feffion when his name (hall he fo drawft, he (hall not be exenfed afteiWurdson account of his age durfog the fame frffionv

XIX.	And be it enaded, That the name of the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, and the names of fuch members as Until be ferving at the time’oft any fde& committee under this ad, and of fuch members as (hall have been cxcufed \Iuring the laid fefiVofi on account of being filty years of ageior upv ards, .fbnTl rot be put into the glaffes as afore faid and tint if tfot name of any member who has ferved on it (elect committee as afofefaid during the fame feffion he dtawh, hi.-t name fhnll be ftt afide, and he (hall be deemed incapable of fervftig on fuch (efeCt committee, unit* is the hoftfe (ha'll before’ day appointed for taking into eowfidcrafion -the laid petition have refolved, that (he „fuimber of members who have not (Vfved on fuch (elect cmnnrtttes ft\ the fame feffion is infufficient to fulfil the purpoits of this att refpediing the choice of fuclr fcle& committee.

XX.	Provided always, That no member who after hating been appointed to fewc on any fuch {elect committee, (hall on account of inability or accident, or leave of abfc&ce ob-

4	tained

Digitized by

Go< [e

‘Thtihirttyfirji fear of George III.

♦aineti ftotn the houfe, have been exetifed from attending the fame throughout* (hall be deemed to have ferved on any filch fd^dl committee.

XXL And be it further ena&edj That if any other member (hall offer and verify upon oath any other excufe, the Jubilance of the allegation fo verified upon oath (hall be taken down by the clerk, in order that the fame may be fcfterwards entered on the journals, and the opinion of the houl'e (hall be taken thereon ; and if the houfe fhall Tefolve that the faid member is unable to ferve, or cannot without great and manifeil detriment ferve on fuch fele^t committee, he alfo (hall be excufed from fuch fer* ■Vice.

XX III And be it further enabled* That in (lead of the ftvembers fet alide as aforefaid, the names of other members ihall be drawn, who may in like manner be fet afide or excufed, and others drawn to fupply their places, until the whole number of thirty-five members not liable to be fet afrde Or not excufed (hall be completer

XXIII.	And be it further enacled, That as food as the faid thirty-live members (hall have been fo chofen by lot, the doors of the houfe fhall be opened* and the houfe may proceed on any other bulinefs ; and lilts of the thirty-five members fo chofen by lot Ihall be given to the petitioners, their Counfrl or agents* and the counfcl or agents of the fitting ♦nembers, who fhall immediately withdraw* together with the clerk appointed to attend the faid ftleCt committee; and the faid petitioners and fitting members, beginning on the part of the petitioners, fhall alternately flrike off one of the trtid thirty-five members until the faid number fhall be reduced to fifteen* and the faid clerk within one hour at fartheil from the time of the parties withdrawing from the houfe, ftialldtliVer into the houfe the names of the members then remaining 5 and the faid fifteen members as aforefaid fhall be fvrorn at the table* well and truly to try the matter of the petition referred to tltem* and a true judgment give according to the evidence, and fhall be a fcle& committee to try and determine the merits of the return or ele&ion appointed by the houfe to be that day taken into ConfideratL on ; and the houfe fhall order the faid feled committee to meet at a certain time to be fixed by the houfe, which time fhall be within twenty-four hours of the appointment of the faid feledi committee, unlefs a Sunday, Chrillmas-Day, or Good-l'Yiday fliall intervene* and the place of their • 'meeting and fitting fhall be fome convenient room or place adjacent to the houfe pf commons, properly prepared for that purpofe. %

T 2	XXIV. Provided

291

A. D.

1791. Chap. 36.

Other members may be excufed upon oath*

Other names may bcdraWn«

Doors to btf opened, and manner of proceedings

Digitized by L.OOQle

19#	The thirty fujt Tear of Gcarge	ILL

, CofTHXM^mC

tuyi to lsavp the

hojUlt, 6a.

IMitioner* or their agents to appear within I hour after fixed time.

• fitting meat*

hers or incir agent* to attend as aforci'aid.

XXIV.	Provided always That on the parties withdrawing as aforefaid, the houfe (hall continue fitting, and the faul thirty-five members (hall not depart the houfe ti)l the time for the meeting of the laid icLett committee (hall be fixed.

XXV.	And be it alfb ena&ed, That if within^oncv horn alter the time fixed in purfuance of this afl for calling ia thecefpe&m parties, their oouafrl or agent, for the pur-pofe of proceeding to the appointment of a fetaft committee, the petitioner or petitioners (hall not appear by himiclf or themfdves, or by His or their counfel or agents, the order for taking fuch petition into confidential! (hall thereupon be difeharged, and fuch petition (hall not be any further proceeded upon in the manner herein before directed.

XXVT. And be it further ena&ed, That if within ooe hour after the time fo appointed as afbvefiud, the fitting member, or fitting members (hall not appear by hioo&lf or themiclves, or by his or their counfel or agents, the houfe (hall proceed to appoint a fcle& committee to try the merits of fuch petition in the following manner; that is to fay, that the names of thirty dive members (hsH be drawn in the manner as herein before recited, but in reducing the lift of fuch names to fifteen, the place of the fitting member or fitting members (hall be fupptied by the derk appointed to attend the find committee, who fhall as often as it (hall come to his turn 4s fapplying the place of the fitting member, to (Irike out a name, itrike oat that name which (hall be firft.

Method of XXVII. And be it further ena&ed. That the feme me-! focecding. thod of reducing the lift of members drawn to fifteen, (hall be followed whenever any party (hall wave his right of (Inking off names from the faid lift.

If more than XXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That if On a eotn-J pamenoiidd- p]a!nt by petition of an undue ele&icm or return, there !i*ct fvmVno!’ (hall be more than two parties before the houfe on diftia& ticcs to each interefts, or complaining or complained of upon different party.	grounds, whofe right to be de&ed or returned, may be af-

fe&ed by the determination of the (aid fde& committee, the fame notices and order (hall be given to fuch parties or their agents as ate direded to be given to the fitting member *or petitioners; and that each of the faid parties (hall fucoeffively ftrike off a member from she thirty-five members - 1o be chofen by lot, until th* (hid number be reduced to fifteen; and the lift of the thirty-five members fo chofen by lot, (hall for this purpofe be given to all the find parties, ^amd the order in; which the frid parties (hall ftrike off the faid members (hall be determined by lot .after they are 'withdrawn fxorn the bar.

XXIX. And

Digitized by

Google -	---

The thirty-JirJl Tear of George III.	*93

XXIX. And for the greater difpatch and certainty on A. B* the proceeding herein before dire&ed, be it e«a£led by the^ <791‘* authority aforefaid, That the names of all the member! (ex- Chap. 30 eept of thofe whofe names arc herein before directed not to be put into the fix glaffes) fo written and rolled upas herein Names of xll before directed, /hall previous to the time appointed for	be-

taking any fuch petition into confideration, be prepared by f0re)tt»be the clerk or clerk afliftant of the houfe, and by him put prepared, as into a box in the prefence of the fpcaker, together with herein, by rlie an atteftation figned by the faid clerk or clerk affiftint, purporting that the names of all the members except thofe whofe names are by this ad excepted, were by him putt (herein, the	day	of	in	the year

which faid box the fpeaker /hall feal with his own feal, and on the outfide thereof /hall annex an atteftation figned by himfelf, purporting that the faid box was on the day of	in	the	year	made up in hta

Sirefence in the manner directed by this a&; amt that aa bon as the parties /hall have withdrawn as aforefaid, ami before the houfe /hall enter upon any other bufinefs, any member may require that the names of all tlve member#

Which remain undrawn /hall be drawn and read aloud by thd faid clerk or clerk afliftant.

XXX.	And be it further enabled, That the faid fefe& fnelc&irga committee /hall on their meeting cleft a chairman from chapman, the among themfclves; and if in the election of a ebairmnn ^catting there be an equal number of voices, the member whofe name v0jcc# was tirft drawn in the houfe /hall have a calling voice; fa likewife if there ever Pnould be occafion to chufe a new chairs man on the death or abfence of the chairman firft defied, or of any chairman defied in purfuancc of this aft.

){XXI, And be it further enabled by the authority afon> Commit cc faid, That the faid fdefl committee /hall have power to empowered to fend for perfons, papers and records, and (hall examine all	^

witnefles who come before them upon oath, and (hall try, ^cxMiiine aU° the merits of the return or election, or both, aiid (hall de- wktitflH. termine by a majority of votes of the faid felefl committee, whether the petitioner* or petitioners, or tin: fatting member •r members, or either of them be duly returned or elefh* cd, or whether the election be void j which determination /hall be final between the parties to all intents and purposes ; and the houfe on being iufonfu*d thereof by tho chairman of faid fdefl committee, /hall order the fame td, be entered on the journals, and give the neceflhry dir.ee-. tions for confirming or altering the return, &r for if-fuing a new writ for a new election, or for carrying the faid determination into execution, as the cafe may require,

XXXIL Amb



Digitized by UooQle

Chap*

The tbirt$-jirjl Tear pf Gfprge III.

XXXII. And be it further ena&cd, Thst if th« IbkPfc-kft committer Shall pome to any refolutjons other than the determination* required by this a£, ttjey Shall, if they

plaining of an' undtie eled ion to give id days notice to re* furlingofficer.

think proper report the fame to the hpufe for pheir opi-Rcfolstioo? of nj0n, the fame time that the cliairman pf the Said fdc<4 W11®!#** Shall inform the houfe of foch deamination, and to tfo bourn. * the hoqfe may confirm or difagree wjtji fuch resolution, and make fuqh opder thereon as to them (hail Seem proper*	^

^erforo com- XXXIII. And be it furthtr enacted, That whenever 4 charge is made in any petition complaining pf an undue cle&ipo and return pf the member or members to ferve ra parliament, of corruption, partiality or other mifeonfiutt io the returning officer,' at Or previous to fuch eleftion, the petitioner or petitioners (hall at kraft ten days before the day appointed for taking fuch petition into cpnfitleratioo, give or caufe to be given notice in writing to fuch returning officer of the chargrfe fo made a^ainft him* and of the, day appointed for takwg foch petition into consideration ; and the fclcft committee to whom foch petition is referred Shall be (worn at. the table to try the matter of fuph charge, ^nd a true judgment giyc according to the evidence, and Shall upon trial of fuch petition, upon propf being firft {hade that fodb notice tfas Served as aforefaid, enter into an examination of the covidu& of fuch returning officer upon jlie charge fo made, apd the evidence fo produced againft him as aforefafd, and (hpll hear the evidence produced by or on .behalf of foch returning officer, and after hearing foch evidence fo produced on both (ides, (ball determine by 3 majority pf voices of fuch fcled committee whether the (aid charge i$ well or ill founded,] and the chairmaaof fuck &le& committee (ball report Such determination to (he boufe s and the houfe on being informed thereof. Shall immediately order foch determination to be entered on their journals ‘

XXXiy. Provided always, and be it ena^ed. That upon .	..	*	proof made that futh retiirning officer cannot \>c found with-

^^nUKioa ,n ^ realm of Ireland, or that he baa abfeonded within bnufe, &c.	the fame ; and upon proof made that notice in writing wai

deemed SufEci- forved upon the lad l^nown place of refidence of focb rt-cn**	turning officer, within fourteen days after the conclusion of

foefi election, that thenand in that cafe, the polling of fuch. notice witbiu the time iforefaid on the principal door of the feUkm baufc, ot other plied >vberc fuch election was held, arid ferving it upqn fuch returning officer's latl known place qf re faience in this kingdom, Shall be deemed good and frf*

. fipiciit fcnicc of fuch nqtico ----- ‘	4	'	.

XXXV* Asd

of

i proof

Beer's ,\k-

%

- The thirtyjuji Tear, of Gtytge III. ;

. KXXV.- And be jtena&ed, Thrf wfienfoeyer there (lull bp a flifei^uce of Qpinipft.ppqn any, cpi^fei; Tufftlu^oo, or d^r^'nation before : feh ,fele& cpnpniuee, the glminn^ii of fu$4) committee fhajl give his vofe in like manner as eyery c^ficr member thereof ; apd if io^ny cafe fe ^fjm-ber of voices including the chairmans lhall be equal, thu| tli^n and in eyery fqch cafe, the chairman fell give a calling vpicc.

XXXVI, And he it fupfe* enabled, That furh fele.H committee appointed in purfuanc* of this ad, (hall fit ev-ry .day, (Sunday, Chrifima^iPiiy, and GoodFriday only ex-cepted,) and (hall never adjourn for a longer time than'twen* ty-four hours, mdefs a Sunday, pbriilmas-Day, or Good* Friday feJJ. intpryeuy, without leaye ftrll obtained by th$ houfir upon motion* and fpepial c^yfe affigned for a longer adjournment,; and \n cafe the hqufe (l\al) bc .fitting at the time to wldch U;ch feled cqinmjttpe (hall be adjourn* ed, then the bufinefs of the hoqfc fell b^ (laved, ami a motion (hall be made fqr a further adjournment for any time to t*e fi*ed by the houfe not exceeding twenty-four hour*, unlefe a Sqndayt £h{i|tx$ag-Qayt p/ Good Friday intervene* *	;	•

XXXVIi. Ai\d bj{ it further enad^ That when the time prefprihed by jhis ad for the meeting, fitting or ad-. journing.of the (aid fried committee, (hall by the qnt^rven, tion of a Sunday, or Q^riftmas jpay, Q.r Goo^-Friday, ex, ceed twenty-four hours, (uch meeting, lilting, or adjourn-^ meat fell he within twenty-four hoars froip the, timp of ap-poiuting or fixing the fan\e, exdul\vc of Sunday, Qhviibn.is-Pary, or Good-Friday.	•>*

XXXVIII,	And l^ (t further epafted^ TMt qq, member of faid fel^d ppttvmittee (fi*|l hf ^flowed t,Q;abfife him,-, felf from the fame, without leave firrt obtained frum* tb^, houfe, oy an expif<t^Howed,by the hqnfir at fe ne*t fitting thereof* on fpecial qaqfe (hewn ajfld verified uppn oath ;

fe(aidfek^ ccp^!ttee,(ha^Pcr ^ ^ths member^

to whomftich leave has opt b^^jtantpd, or cxcqfe allowed, are met, apd in pafe they (hall npj ajl m^et. w^hiq one. huair f after the tin\e tovwhjeh tfye faid	committee.{halrfevc

. been adjoiirped, a further adjournment (hag	i^adpjni man-

ner as before directed, and. reported, with the caufc thei cofv to the . houfe,

XXXIX. Provided ajwraya^	w^erc leave of abfencc

giall be.given, or efqufc allowed in manner afijrefaid, the hud f^lcct qomjnjttee. may proceed without thp member fo wcufed or. #bfeat.

XI— And by it further enacted. That before anymotior^ leave tq be given to any member fqnring^qn any fclct*^

. committee

Ch.urmitTj U hava ai-Oing voice

ComivirN « nor to »<?iour»| for more than 24 hour*,

Mrefin? after

adjournireru In* within 24 hour*, &c«

No rrrm*)f;

to he ahfrnt without leave from the hutllc.

Committee tu:»v vn»ceed wirVmK the cx-„ cufc<i member.

Ref*’rr n member if it leave of^ ahfence, petitioner, vVc. U> atteml.



i

f '

\

Chairman to report the names of abfent mfiftber#.

CUirman ab-fcntiog himfelf, to be reported to the houic.

Nbtlefs than ii members on the committee to *

Committee may be diflolved if kfsthan 11 1 attend.

No determination, ice. ufl-lefs 11 ate pre-

The thirty frjl Ttd*	George lit.

committee to abfent himfelf, pf for aBowing any Cxcufe, (hall be made, the petitioner, or hfc'eounfd or agent fhaB be directed to attend at the bar, a<Ad the fitting member to attend in his place, m order that they may be reflectively heard in regard to any objections they may wifb to'make thereto.

. XJ«1. And be it further enacted ^y the authority afore* faid, That the chairman of the (aid (elect committee, fbaB at the next meeting of the hoofe;- always report the name of every member thereof who fhall have been abfent therefrom without leave or excufe as aforefaid ; and fuch member fhall be dfrefted to attend the houfe forthwitb, or at the next fitting thereof; and fh’aH then b^ ordered to be taken into the cuifody of the ferjeatu at arrro attending the houfe, for fuch neglcft of hts duty, add othervhTe punifhed ofr cenfurcd at the difcretlon of the hot^fe, unlefs it (ball appear to the houfe by fijft verified upott oath, that fuch member was by a fudden accident or by nCceffity prieteiiteif from attending the faid fcleft committee.;;

XLn, i\ndv he it enacted by the authority afortfind, That whenever the chairman of fiteh/ffteft: confntittee*fh*it abfent himfelf from the fame, the member prefent whdfe name was* efrawn the earKed in the houfe (hall report bis abfence ; and in cafe of the rtdn-atteri4ance df fuch chair*v man atrthe next nieetlng 6f the feid committee; the members thereof fhall proceed to cleft another chairman m bn’ room.’	;

XLlII. And beAuthor etiafted, Thh if moCe thaa^ four members of any £uih feleft committee fealt on any oe-cation be abfent therefrom, the faid committee fhaH not but fhall adjourn m the Wander hirHn befbte d!i*e&ed ; Ond fo from time to tihfe.;:until elcvfti merrtber* at the leail arc

aflcmbled,........	'	^	............

‘ XLIV- And be it farther enafted. That in ehfe the nmn-ber of‘members dial! by death Or any Other caufe be unavoidably reduced to lefs than eleven, and (half fo continue for the fpdee' of twelve fitting clays of the hOnfe, that in that ' cafe and no other, \\k UlA felcft coirrmitfee (hall he diflolved, and another cherfetf to try and determine the matter of fucH petitipri. ’m manner as is herein direfted.	‘	’	•	-	‘	‘	v>

XLV. Provided always, ^pd be it enafted, That ho determination fhall be maefe, or qutefljdn £Vopofed rinlefs eleven members fhal! be prefect, arid that nt) member fhafl havfc a vote on fuch dftermlrtatron, or any other quetiion or ie-‘ folution, who fhall not have attended during every fitting of fuch fcleft committee ; but a meeting wherein no evidence or cotmfcl fhall h&ve been hthtl, nor-any difctiffoa a* 3	deliberate#

v-

Digitized by

Google

Committee may adjourn.

Committee

The thirty firfi Tear of George III.

deliberation had, (ball not by deemed a fitting, within the meaning of this a&.

XL.VX And be it ena&cd* That' whenever fuch fele& committee fhall be reduced to the number of eleven as afore-faid, If any member thereof fhall abfent himfelf, .and his When the e*cufe for fuch abfence fliali have been allowed by the houfe, Jtdu^cUo u fuch merfjber . fhall nevertheless, front day to day, as often ,any membcr * as the 'houfe fhall ft, and fo Jong as he fhall abfent himfelf cxcufcd rnuft from fuch committee, Hate to the houfe, and verify upon verity upon oath oath by himfelf, or fome other credible perfon, as the cafe	c

may require, the caufc of fuch his abfence, and the houfe , fhfall upod each day proceed to allow or difallow the caufe fo alledged by fuch member fyr hid i^bf<nc;e.

XL.VII. And be it further enabled. That if any fuch fc-le& committee fhall have occafion to apply or report to the houfe in relation to the adjournment of the laid felect committee, the abfence of the members thereof, or the non-at^ tendance or mifbehaviour of witneflys fummoned to appear before them, and the houfe fhall he. adjourned for more-than one day, the faid feledt committee may alfo adjourn to the day appointed for the meeting of the houfe.

XLVIIt. And be it further ena6\ed, That every fuch ie-	^ ^ ^

lect committee * at the fame time that they report to the herein0™ ** houfe their final determination oi\ the meiits qf the petition which they were fworn tq try, fhall alfq report to the houfe whether fqch petition did or did not appear to them to be frivolous or vexatiqujj and whether the jitting member or members petitioned againft, did or did not procure his or their election or return by corrupt means.

XLIX. And be (t ynacted, That whenever any fuch com- 0Il^*n |P.ct,t*" mittee fhall report to the houfe with vefpeA to ar.y fuch Volou», cofts to petition, that the fame appeared to them to be frivolous or be recovered vexatious, dr that the charge thereinagainll the returning from petition-officer was ill founded, or was not fupported. by evidence, cr** the party or parties, if any, who fhall have appeared be.* fore the committee in' oppofition to petition, and the returning officer, refpectivcTy. ihall be entitled, to recover, frorrt the perfon or perfons, or any of them, who fhall have ligned fuch petition, the full ypffs and yxpences which fucl^ jVarty or parties, or returning officer refoetlively, fhall have, incurred in oppofing the fame ; and in like mauuer whenever, any fuch committee fhall report to the houfe that the ele^" tioil or return of a fitting member or members has bpcik procured by corrupt means ; the petitioner or petitioners ihall be entitled to recover from fuch fitting member or members, the full cods and cxpences which he or they fhall have incurred in fuoporting his or their petition; all fuch

colls

Digitized by

Google

nr

A. D.

1791-Chap. 36.

the fpeaVer todinA (oAs to be fated te herein.

Cofts tobf recovered M befoui. '

The thirfj*fir/i Tear ^George III.

{tofts and expenses to be afeertained recovered in tb* maimer bertm after dire&ed.	.	.

L. And be it cnadle/, That in the fcveral cafes herein before mentioned, the cofls imd expenccs, fhaff be afoertain-cd in manner following \ that fe to fay, that on application made to the fpeaker of the houfe of commons far afeertain* ing fnch cofls and expenccs, he fhall dire$ the fame to be taxed by. two perfons, of whom th$ clerk* or clerk afBllant of the houfe fhall he always one, and one of the following officers not being a member of either houfe of parliament* (hall be the other; that is to fay, maft^s in the high court of chancery* prothonotaries of the court of king’s bench* the coart of common pleas, and chief remeiqhrancer or clerk, or clerk of the pleds, of the court of exchequer a and the perfons fo authorized and dire^fcd to ta\ fitch cofts and expcnces, (hall* and they air hereby required to exa-s mine the (amc, and to report the amount thereof to tlie fpeaker of the fatd houfe, who (hall on application made to* him, deliver to the party or parties a certificate (Igncd by himfelf, exprefling the amount of the cofts and- cxpence* allowed in Inch report, and the perfons fo appointed to ta^ fuch cofts. and report the amount thereof, are hereby an* thorized to demand and receive for fuch taxation and re^ port foch fees as (hall be from time to time fixed by any yefolution of the houfe of commons.

LI. A nd be it cna&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the party or parties entitled to fuch cofls, or for his* her, qr their executors qr adrtiiniftrators, to demand the wh6le amount thereof, fo certified as above, from any one or moiy ofvthe perfons ref^e&ively, who are herein before made liable to the payment thereof in the feveral cafes here*

' fn before mentioned; and In cafe of nonpayment thereof, to recover the tame by action of debt in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in publfn ; in which aftion it (hall be fnfficient for the plaintiff or plaintifFs' to declare that the defendant or defendants 1$ or are Indebted to him or them in the Turn tq whiph tl^e cqfts and expences afeertained in manner aforefaid lhalt amount by virtue of this act, and the certificate of the fpeaker of the houfe of commons unpier his fignaturc ot the amount of fqch cofts and ex pences, together With an examined copy of the entries in the journals of the houfe of common,J or the refolution or tefolut ion$ oft he faid fefeft committee or committees, fhall be deemed a full and fufficient evidence in fupport of fuch aftionofdebt.

LII. Provided always, That in every ftigh a6lipn of debt, ao wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be flowed | and the-part^ tit paisies in wholh favour judg* ‘	■	.	me,*

Digitized by

Google

jf/te thirty-firfi Yeaf of George III.

«*€*£ &all be given in any fuch a&ion, fhall recover hit or their cofy*

< I* J1£, A9<4 be it cna^cd, That in every cafe where the amount of fuqh coil? and cxpences (hah have been fq recovered from any perfon or perfons, it (hall and may be lawful for fiftch perfqu qrpetfoqs to recover in like manner frorq the other .perfons, or any of them, if fnch there (hall be, who (hall be liable to the payment of the faid cods and expcnces, a proportionable fh^rc thereof according to the pumher of perfons fo liable.

LIV. An<J be it further epqfted, That whenever the faid committee (hall think it neceflury to deliberate amongil themfclve^ upon any qqedion which (hall arifq in the courfe of the trial or upon the determination thereof, or upon any Teiblutron concerning the matter qf the petition referred tq them as stforefaid, as foon as the faid fele& committee (hall have heard ibe evidence and council on both Tides relative thereto, the room or place wherein they (hall fit, fhall be cleared, if they fhall tlpnk proper, while the members of thq faid fele& committee can fid er thereof, and all fuch queflions as well as fyefy determination, ancj all other refolutions fhall he by a majority of voices.

JLV. Apd be it further ena£ted, Th^t if any perfon fum-mQncd to attend any fuqh feled\ committee by \yarpnt of the fpeakcj;, op by order of the faid committer, (hall dif-obey fuch fiimmons, or if any witnefs before fuch fele&coin-fnittce fhall give falfe evidence, or prevaricate or Gtherwifc ipin^ehavc iq giving, or in refufing to giye evidence, the chairman of fuch feledl committee by their dire&ion, may at any time during the courfe of their proceeding, report the fatxje to the houfe fqr the interposition of their authority qr ccnfure, as the cafe may require $ and may by a warrant to be ligned by him directed to the ferjeant at arms attending the houfe* or \o his deputy or deputies, commit ^a(d perfon (npt being a peer or lord of parliament) to the cuitcidy of the faid ierjeant without bail or mainprise, for any time not exceeding twenty-four hours> °r until four hours after the houfe fhall ncxi meet.

, LVI. Aqd he fe further enabled. That the oaths by ihia aA directed to be taken in the houfe, fhall be adm>n!.f-tered by the clerk or clerk afliftant of the houfe, in the famq manner as the oaths of ^Hegiance and fupremacy are admi-niftered in t^e houfe of commons; and that the oaths directed to be taken before fuch feie& committee fhall be ad-miniflered by the clerk attending ^he faid feleft committee; and that all perfons who fhall be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury in any evidence which they fhall give hcftire fhc H°uf^ Qr the faid fck& committee, in coufequence of

• -----'• k'M '•	'	the

A. D.

179 *• Chap. 3$*

Perfons from

whom enfts ar* recovered, may recover from others liable.

Committee may have tl\$ room cleared.

If any perform fummoticd Puli not 3rtend, &c,

chairimn may commit faid perfon t - icr* jean: at ar ms.

Oaths to he adminiftcred by t:r clerk.

Digitized by

Google

300	The	fftyijtyfl	Tear tf George lit.

A. IX the ‘btfth whicH they (hdft hfcvie taken-.by the dim&ioflr df

1791.	this aft, (hall on conviAion thereof Aider the like pauta

Chap. 36.	and penalties, which any other perfon cenvIAed of wflfiihv

k—and corrupt peijtrfy k liable to hy law.

Taking ape- L,V1*I. And be it? farther ertaAed, That on * day ap- -^deration° to°be P01Tlt^ ^ taking any petition cottiphining of an undue proceeded*on, cletildn or return of a number'Or members to farVe in par* except as here- fiament into confiderationy the houfe fhatt nor proceed to i°-	any other bufittefa whatsoever, previous to the reading of

the order of the day for that purpofe, bat the fwcaring of members’, extept as Werefh after excepted.

Report* to be LVH!. Fe it enaAed, TMr it may be lawful for th« received, flee. houfc, previous tb reading fudh order, to reeeive any report from any ftlrft committee appointed in pnrfuttUce of this a&, and to enter the ftrtte upon their journals, and to the ueceflftry Orders aiid drft*AionS' thereupon, and- that tfctf clerk of the ctown may Btf admitted to alter and amend any ret dm in purfuance of an order made art a preceding day or on that day 5 and alfo that it may be lawful for the hoof* previous tt> the reading feid drder to attend the lord heatenant in the houfe of lords, in ccmfequenee of a meffage from him fignified to the houfe in the ufiral manner 1 and alfo to order the fpeaker to iffiie hh» warrant for makiog out a writ to elect a new member and alfo to cafl over the defaulters upon any call of the houfe made in purfuance of this aA ; and to make the proper or ncceflfary order there** apon, and to receive any report or communication from any fcleA committee, and make the ncceflfcry orders there*

on.

Committees LIX. And be it further enaAed by the authority afore-not difiolvcd by faid, That whenever it (hall happen that parliament fhali be prorogation of prorogued, while any feleA committee appointed by virtue parliament. of all or arty of the fail a As hereby repealed, or of this pre-fent aA, Yhall be fitting for the trial of any fach petition as aforefaid, and before they (hall have reported to the boufe their determihation thereon, fiich committee (hall not be diflblved by finch prorogation, but Audi be thereby adjourned until twelve of the dock on tire day immediately following that on which parliament (hall meet for* the difpatch of bufinefs, (Sunday, Chriftmas-day, and1 Good-Friday always excepted,) and aR fortner proceedings of fach committee fhall remain and continue no be of the fame forfee and cf-fca as if parliament had not been fo prorogued, and fach committee (had meet on the day and houfr which it (had be adjourned, and1 fhall thenceforward corttinuie ts (h from day to day in the manner provided by this aA, or by tny of the faid acts under which fach committee may have been • <	:	■	*•	*	 *	appointed

Digitized by

Google

The thirty frf Tear pf George III.

301

appointed until they (hall have reported to the houfc their determination of the merits of Aich petition.

(fpcakrr of the houfc of commons,) and feverally acknowledged themfelves to owe to our fovereign lord the King, the following fums : that is to fay, the faid A. B. (here infert the names of the petitioner or petitioner*) the fum of two hundred pounds, and the fold C. D. and the faid E. F. the fum of one hundred pounds each, to be levied on their refpeQive goods and chattels, lands and tenements, to the ufc of our faid fovereign lord the King, his heirs and faceeffort, jn cafe the faid A. 0. Jhall fail in performing the condition hereunto annexed ; the condition of this recognizance is, that if .the faid A. B. (here in-fcrt the name of the petitioner or petitioners) Jhall duly appear before the houje of commons at fuch time or times as Jhall be fixed by the faid houfc for taking into conjideration the petition fgned by the faid A. B# complaining of an undue e/edion or return for the	(here fpecify the county,

city, or borough,) and Jhall appear before any filed committee which Jhall be appointed by the houfc of commons for the trial of the fame ; and Jhall renew bis faid petition in every fubfequent fejfion of this prefer* parliament, until a feled committee Jhall have been appointed by the faid houfc for the trial of the fame, or until the fame Jhall have been withdrawn by permiffion of the fold houfc, then this recognizance to be void, otberwife to be of full force and ejfed.

An Ad to amend an Ad, Entitled, An Ad for preventing

'HEREAS an a£t patted in the twenty-ninth year

VV of his prefent Majcfly's reign, entitled. An ad for preventing the commijfion of wajlc, on the fevcral commons pf this kingdom, ha* been found ineffectual for the pyrpofca for which it was intended, and divers,encroachments have bean made upon fcveral commons of this kingdom, by which ■Mans they hare become receptacles of idle and difo»dc*ly

FORM of the RECOGNIZANCE referred to

in this Ad.

Re is remembered. That on the .	in	the year of our lord

A. B. C. D. and E* F. camp before me

Ray of 'Form of r*« coguizanc*.

CHAP. XXXVIII.

the Commijfion of Wsfle, on the fevcral Commons of this Kingdom.

A. I).

1781-Chap. 38*

Penalty far deftrt.yii^ the farfacc «1 auj common.

G. juries (nay prefent at hex cl*.

Indiament may be traTcrf-ed.

9%i thirtyfrft T*a* of CeOrg£ ilL

perfont: be h ena&ed by the King’s meft excellent f4x* jetty, by and with the .advice and content of the lords fpirr* tual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament gffembfed, add by the authority of tht fame/ T*hat from and after the paffin? of this ad, if any perfon (hall fain or otherwife deftroy the fnrface of any common, or part of common within this kingdom, contrary to the prolific** of the faid recited aid, every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit a fum not exceeding fit© pounds, nor lefs than fitie fiulfingh fur every fquare yard of fdch common which he (ball fo fain or deftroy, which faid penalty (hall be recovered and levied in like manner, and by fuch way! and means* as are preferred and direded by the faid recited ad/ in refped of the penah ties thereby inflt&ed.

II; And be it further cna&cd, That ft fhaill arid maybe lawful* to and for evf ry grand jury which (hail be duly ixm panelled at the affixes, or at any general quarter feflions to be held in any county, county of a city, or county of a town, within whifch any fuch common (hall lie, upou mfonfiation on oath made before any magiftrate of fuch county, county of a cky, or county of a town lefpedtvtly, who is hereby impowered to adifainifter the fame being returned to fuch grand jury, of any encroachment which (hall have been made within ten years, from the time of palling this ad, or which (hall hereafter be made upon sfoy fuch common, whether by" irtclofing any part thereof, or building any houfe, hut or cabin upon the fame, to prefent fuch encroach* ment by indidment or prefentment as a public riiiifance. Which indictment or prefentment if U (hall not be defective on the face of it, fhall be confirmed by the judge or juf* tiers before whom fuch grand jury (hall be fo impanelled ? and upon fuch indidment or prefentment being fo confirmed, the (heriff of fuch county, county of a city, of county of a town, (hall forthwith proftrate and abate every fuch nuifance.

Ill* Provided always, and be it etiSfledi That it (ball and may be lawful to and for every perfon who (hall be af-feded by fuch mdidmcht Or prefentment, to put in his tri-verfe to the fame, at the affixes, or at any general quarter feflions, at which it fhall be fo found and prefented, by pleading that fuch inclofurc, hnufc, hut, or cabin is not an encroachment upon fuCh conimofi, which trtverfe (hall be forthwith tried, if there (hall be time for trying the fefhe, and if not then, at the next affixes or general quarter fef-dons enfiling, and the verdid to be found upon fuch t?> Verfe fhall be final and conclufive, as to the matter of the fame, farvirig to all perfona, and to all bodies politic and torpotate, their heirs and fucceflbft tefpcdivdy, all right*

rf

Di< [by v^oogie

*fhe thirty frjf Tear of George III.

<of common to which they now are, or hereafter may be entitled.

IV. And whereas a narrow road round the common known by the name of the Curragh of Kildare, would not , . only prevent encroachments from being made thereon* but . would alfo cotVimunlcate to the feveral market towns adja- Curragh of cent thereto, to the great advantage of the neighbourhood i Kildare, be it enacted, That it Hi all and may be lawful for the grand jury of the County of Kildare, to raife by preferment any fum not exceeding twelve pence per perch, for making a ro3d not lcfs than eight feet wide, with gravel or fmall Hones round the laid common, the curragh of Kildare, the faid fum to be levied and accounted for as the prcfentment9 for public roads are levied and accounted for, by an a<ft paf* fed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his piefcnt Ma-jefty’s reign.

CHAP, XXXtX,

*

An AH for the teller enabling certain Perfons to open and zuorh Mines, and to raife Coaly Cultn, Minerals, and Fqffds in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS there are in different parts of Ireland, many mines of coal, calm, and of different ores, minerals find foffils, and many quarries of marble, and alfo many beds of divers kinds of clay, dint, and other matter# tifually foilnd in the earth, fit for the making and manu* factming of different wares, and alfo many beds of oaker and fuiieris earth, all or the greater part of which remain UnwroUglrt, for want of fufficient powers, and encouragement to enable and induce perfons to engage in the working thereof: And whereas the working of fuch mines and quarries, and of fuch beds of clay, flint, oaker, and fuller’s #urth, and other matters with effect, would very much pro-* •note different manufactures in this kingdom, and be other-wife of great advantage thereto i and Whereas the feveral noblcrrten and gentlemen following, that is to fay, his gdacc William Robert duke of Lcinller, right honourable Barry of Farnham, right honourable William earl of Ennif, killen, right honourable lord baron of Londonderry, right honourable lir John Blaquiere, knight of rhe bath, right honourable Tlieophilus Clements, right honourable William Burton Conyngham, fir William Gleadowc Newcomen, baronet, lir John Blackwood, baronet, honourable Robert Wt.d, Owen Wynne, efqiure, Thomas Tclafon, efquire,

William

Digitized by v^ooQle

A fuWcrip-tion to be open-ad at herein.

Subfcriptions herein to be de-poficcd, dec.

Sobfcriber* to be formed into * company, Ac.

be kept open until the fum of twenty-fi*e thou** pounds fliall be fubferjbed for the purpofes afore-*

The thirlj-jurjl Year of Qeorge III. .

Wjlliam Hamilton* efquire, John Lees, cfduire, Job* Swan, ef<jttire, James Ormfby, ’efqunre* honourable Richard Anneflcy, fir Edward Crofton, baronet, Peter L? Touche, efqnire; colonel Robert Rofs, and fcveral other perfons already aflociatcd themfclves for the purpofe of carrying ort the working of fuch mines and quarries, and fuch beds of day, flint, oaker, fuller’s earth, and other 'matters, and have fubferihea an4 agreed to fubferibe feverdl fums for that purpofe, he i!*therefore eiiafled by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and Confent of the lords fpirttua! and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliar.not r.fiernbled, and by the authority of the fame* That immediately after the palling of this a&, a fubfenp-tion (ball be opened by fir William Oleadowe Newcomen* baronet, treafurer to the faid fubferibers* for camming on the aforefaid works* and that the faid fubfeription

(hall	  ‘

fand faid.

II.	And be it ensuedhy the authority afordaid. That fuch fubferibers (hall within the fpaee of two calendar months after fuch fubfeription (hall be clofcd, pay in a dc-pofit of ten pounds per centum of the fums by them reljpec-tively fubferibed to the faid fir William Oleadowe Newcomen, and in default thereof the fubfetiptiori of every perfon failing to pay the faid depofite, (hall be absolutely void to all intents nac purpofes what foe vei; * and the faid filbfcribers fliall open a new lubfcription for filling up fuch deficiency, and fo on until the faid fum of twenty-five thoufand pounds in the . whole ihnll be fubferihed, and a depofite of ten per centum be made thereupon.

III.	And be it further enrt&ed by8 the authority afore-laid, That fo foon as ten pounds per centtfm upon fuch fub-feriptions fhai! be paid its aforefaid, fiich fubferibers who (hall fo depofite (hall be united and eretted into one corrf-pany, and (hall from thenceforth be one body politic and corporate, by the name of the Royal Mining Company* and fhaM have perpetual fueceflion, and a common feal, and by that name may fue and be fued, and (hall from thenceforth be fully empowered by themfelves, their agents, over-feers, workmen, and fervants, to carry on the opening and working of all mines of coal, culm* lead, copper, lap* ealamnmris, iron, and iron done, cobalt, tin, antimony, gold, filver, bifmuth, and all other minerals, ores, and fof-fils of uh at nature or kind foever, and of all quarries of marble, ahd all becU of clay, flint, and other matters ufuafly found and difeovered in the earth, fit and proper for the making of anv utarcs or manufa&urcs whatsoever, and of all

' '	*	1	beds

Digitized by Google

The thirty-jirjt	Tear George III.

3 oj A. D.

■79

Chap. 39.

Subrcription,

bed* of oakcr and fuller’s earth, to which they (hall become entitled, or of which they fhall or may obtain any grant or demise under or by virtue of the powers herein after for that fmrpofe contained*

IV.	Provided always, That no perfon {hall be permitted OUD.cri to fubferibe to the faid undertaking lefs than fifty pounds herein, fteriingr* and that no one perfon fhall be permitted either by himfclf or herfelf, or by any perfon or perfons in trufl for

him or her, to fubfetibe any greater fum in the whole than the fum of five hundred pounds (foiling, or to pur chafe, take, or acquire, or to have or be in any manner pofieljed of or intitled to any greater fum, or to the amount of any greater fum in the capital Hock of the faid company than the faid fum of five hundred pounds in the whole, unlefs he or (he (hall become intitled to fuch overplus by bequefl, or as executor or adininiftrator of fome perfon deceafed ; and if any perfon {hall by any means whatfoever, fave by bequefl,

Or as executor or adminillrator as aforefaid, acquire or become pofTefled of or entitled to any greater fum, or to the amount of any greater fum in the capital Hock of the faid company, than the fum of five hundred pouuds in the whole, then and in that cafe fuch part of the faid Hock as fuch perfon (hall fo acquire or become pofll-fled of, or en* titled unto, over and above the faid fum of live hund ed pounds fterling, fhall be forfeited for the benefit of the laid company ; and it {hall be lawful for the faid company to fell and difpofe of the fame by public cant, and to apply the money arising by fuch falc to the purpofes of the aforeiaid undertaking.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid company 4 affcmMta and their fucceflors (hall, in every year, hold four certain in each year, ior general aflemblies or meetings, that is to fay, on every fc- PurP,jlct herein, venth day of February, feventh day of May. feventh day

of Auguft, and feventh day of November, unlefs any of the faid days fhall happen on a Sunday, and in fuch cafe that the faid meeting fhall he held on the following day ; and alfo that the faid company fhall have full power and authority, as occafion (hall require, to afltmble in the city of Dublin, and from time to time to adjourn fuch aflemblies, and at fuch afTemblies or any adjournment thereof, to make fuch bye-laws, rules, or orders for the better government of their affairs and of their members, and for making fuch con-tra&s or agreements, and for appointing fuch directors from among the members of the faid company, and for declaring and afeertaining the powers of fuch dire&ors, and for appointing fuch fervants and perfons f6> carrying on and eon-du&ing the works which they are hereby empowered to carry on, js they lhall think fit, and to vary or repeal fuch

Vol. IX	U	bye-laws,

*

Digitized by CjOOQle

306	The	thirtyjtirfl	Tear	tf	George	HI*

7 tay* notice <»f lath aflcm-

**y> &c

Di'e^or to • take oath.

Bye-laws, tules artd orders, and to make new ones, lor

the good and orderly tiling and managing of the (aid works, all which bye-laws, rules and orders (hall be binding upon the faid company, and all perfons employed by 'them.

VI. Provided; always, That the faid bye-laws, ruies and orders, or any of them, (hall not be contrary to the laws and ftatutes of this realm.

VI I. And .provided alfo, That feveh days notice at th? lead, including the day of fuch notice, and the day of holding any fuch affembly, (hall be given, of the time and place of holding fuch a/Tembty, in fuchrpubKc tie* (paper ins iliall be agrefed on by'tbe fyd company, fave ody that it •/hall hot be neceflfary to give any fuch notice of the afore* /aid Hated affirmblrcs, or of any filch afiembliefe as (hall be held by adjohrtnent as aforefaid ; and fare alfo that when any fuCh afl'enibly (hall he intended to be hdd for the piftr -pdfes of choofulg and eleAipg dirc&ors of the laid company, or of appointing any officer to the faid company, or for taking into donlideratlon the difmiflal of any officer of the laid Company, Or ailv ctfvnplaint agairift any fuch officer, or fbr the ptirpbfe of takipg'into coufidetation anycorttr*& -to he made relative to the faid works, or the borrowing cf frnohey, or letting or difpofihg of any of the eHatCt or property of the faid company, or for the taking into corn fiderat ion the tarty ing on rfny Woik or works appertaining to the afbrefaid undertaking, or the rewarding'any •perfon or perfoirs for any particular ferrite or ferviees, then and upon any of the faid laft mentioned occasions fbtm-teen day3 notice?at thelerfft (balkbegfven in*two of ebepub-lie newfpa pets, tabich (hall be theft pnbliffied in the'(aid city of Dublin.

^ VHI. And be it end&ed, That every ihefober of the laid company who (hall be appointed a dire&or of the faid .company (haW, brfore he thall proceed to *61 as fuch, takk and Jiibfcribe the' following oath, or (if oOhe people called junkers) affirmation, at fothe aflembly of the faid company, which oath or affirmation the chairman who Ihall prefide at .fuch aflembly is hereby empowered to adminlfter, and tie fame fiiall be fairly entered by the fecretaty belonging to the faid company, and 'prefemd in « book to-be k^pt-lbr’that purpofe. .

. /. A. Bdo JoIfmnJy premfe aud/ivear, [or if of the pee* plf tailed quaktrt afirtp) xthaf / attill faithfully ’and tru/ur/i-«/£,; according to the fyft of *ty foil and kncFuAtdge, execute the feve mi powers amd IrvjU committed to me, us one jf the direQ-

i . -	-	a.	.•	.	......	W	s

Digitized by

Google

-A

The thirty-frjl Teat of George III,	3*7

ffr of the royal raining company, by the bye-laim, rules and orders of the faid company , without any favour or atfc&ou, prejudice or malice whatjatver.

A. D.

*79*-Chap. 39.

IX.	And be k etfa&ed, That the joint flock of the faid 25,0001. to company (hall be the faid fum of twenty-five thou fund ** J4 capital pounds, together with fnch further fnm or fums as the faid. *oc * company at fome general meeting (hall judge neceffary, to

be raifed by fubfcription, for the purpofe of carrying on the faid works* which fum or fums when fubfcribed, (ball be added to aud become a part of the joint flock of the faid company*

X.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefiid, That Stock divided the joint flock of the faid company (hall be divided into >int0 fljare* (hares of fifty pounds each, and that every fubferiber or

member of the faid company (hall have liberty to vote in the affernblies of the .(aid company, and that it (hall not he lawful for any perfon, or body politic or corporate, to hare more than one vote in any fuch affembly, and that every fubferiber or member of the faid company may appear either in perfon, or by proxy, fuch perfon as (hall be appointed as proxy being a member of the faid company, and to be appointed by an inftrument in writing under the hand and feal of the perfon appointing fuch proxy, and an entry of which inftrument of proxy (hall be previoufly made in a book to be kept by tire faid company for that purpofe ; provided that no perfon (hall give more than two votes as the proxy of .any other member .or members of the laid com-

XI.	And be it enacted, That in cafe any body politic Anybody or corporate (hall at any time become pofTefled of, or inti- politic having a tied to any (hare in the capital.flock of the (aid company, (hare in the flock it (hall be lawful for fuch body politic or corporate by in-ftrument in writing under their corporate feal to appoint any	1

perfon to vote on the part of fuch body politic or corporate at fuch sffemblies as aforefaid, and that it (hall be lawful for fuch perfon to give one vote on the part of fuch body politic or corporate, and in all refpeds to ad as the other members of the laid company.

XIL And be it further enaded, That the majority of Chairman to votes at fuch afiembles (hall determine all matters in queftion, hayc a ca**,n2 . and if there be an equality of votes the chairman of fuch	c	1	c	**

affernblies (hall have a calling voice beiide his vote as a mem- i ber of the faid company.	I *	;

XIII.	Provided aLways, and ;be it enacted. That at every ^ niembcrs to fuch .afiembly there (hall be prefrdt in perfon, or by proxy form an alicm-feven members the faid company or other wife, fuch bly<

'	<	. U 2	affembly,



Digitized by

Google

Proprietors may bequeath (lock. .

Afltgnees rot

entitled to vote

Tie Mrtyjirjl Tear of George III.

affembly (hall have no power to carry into execution any of the powers or authorities hereby given.

XIV.	And be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawr-ful for every proprietor of the faid joint (lock to bequeath the fame, or to aflign the fame in His life-time, and that every fuch alignment (hall be entered and made in a book for that purpofe, to be kept in fuch place as the faid company (hall appoint, and to be called the transfer book, and that no adignment (hall be deemed good until entry be made in fuch book as aforefaid.

XV.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That after the expiration of twelve months from the time when the faid

uftlcfr akherein, fubfeription (hall be filled and completed, no perfon (hall be qualified to vote at any affeir.bly of the faid company by virtue of any fuch alignment, unlefs the fame be dually made and entered in the faid transfer book for the full fpace of fix calendar months previous to the time of his or her tendering fuch vote or votes.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the accounts, tranfa&ions, and proceedings of the faid company, (hall be fairly and regulatly entered in books, to be kept for that purpofe, to which every fubferiber or member of the faid company maythave accefs at aH reasonable times to infpeet the fame.

XVII.	And'be it enabled. That it (hall and may be lawful, to and for any affembly of^he faid company convened

Accounts and tranfa&ions to be entered.

Company may require payn ent of fub

feriptions.

No more than

as herein before directed, from time to time, and at fuch times as-may bemceeflary, to require the feveral proprietors of the faid joint (tock, to pay in fuch parts of their refpec-tive fob feriptions, as the-laid affembly fball think ncccfiary for cariying on the faid works.

XVIII. Provided always, That no greater fum thao 10I. per cent, twenry pounds per cent. on the'feveral original fubferiptions, on fubferiptions (hall'be required to be paid in any one year, and that in cafe yearly*	any	of	the proprietors of the faid* joint dock, their repre-

sentatives or afitgns, (hall hefufe or neglect to pay the fum fo called for, within* thirty days after the time appointed by fuch.affembly-for the payment thereof, notice (hall be given in two public newfpapera in the city of Dublin, that v •	the faid company -wall proceed to fell by public cant, on

fuch days as* (hall' be fpecified in fuch notice, the (hare or f "'	(hares	of	itorperfon	or perfons fo refufing or neglecting to

pay the.famotuv ftims which they (hall have been required to pay; and unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall, before the day Ipefcsficd'Ih fuch’ notice, pay the sefpe&ive fwtosu fo re-1/. ;. -v r squired, to-the (aid company, qr loch perfons asthey fhall *. ^appoint for* theo purpqfi**; the faid- company (hall fell by*

- J .	public

Digitized by

Google

___________________1

Per fans may

The tJArty~flrJl Ttar of George III.

public cant, at the ufual place of the faid company's af-fembly, the (hare or (hares of the perfon or perfons fo refilling to pay, and the money for which the lame (liall be fold, (hall be paid to the faid company, or their treafurer, for the ufe of fuch proprietor or proprietors, and fuch pro-prietor or proprietors from thenceforth (hall be for ever barred from fuch (hare or (hares, and all profits ariiing therefrom, ar.d of all interefl in the fame, both in law or equity ; and fuch (hare or (hares, and all profits and advantages arifing therefrom, (hall from thenceforth be veiled in fuch purchafer or pm chafers : provided, that fuch notice (hall be given at leail thirty days previous to the fale, including the day of fuch notice, aud the day of fale.

XIX. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in order to enable the faid company, and their fucceflbrs, make IcafcTof to obtain fuch interefl or intercfls in fuch mines as afore- all mines,-i*c. faid, and in fuch quarries of marble, and beds of clay, flint, oaker, fuller's earth, and other matters as aforefaid, it (hall and may, from the time of the palling of this aft, be lawful to and for all archbilhops and bifhops, deans and chapters, archdeacons, prebendaries and other dignitaries, cccleliaftical perfons, reftors, vicars, and to and for ail bodies politic and corporate, colleges, cathedral or collegiate churches and hofpitals, and to and for all and every perfon and perfons whatfoever, who now are, or at any time hereafter (hall be tenant or tenants for life, with an immediate remainder to his or her firll and every other fon in tail male, and to and for every hufband who now' is, or at any time hereafter (hall bu tenant for life, with remainder to his wife for her life, with remainder to their firll and every other fon fucccfiively, in tail, general or fpecial, and to and for every married woman in conjunction with her hufband, where fuch married woman (hall be feized as tenant for life, with remainder to her hufband for his life, with remainder to their firll and every other fon in tail, general or fpecial, and alfo to and fi>r every father tenant for life, with remainder to his fon for life, with remainder to the firll and every other foils of fuch fon in tail, general or fpecial ; and alfo to and • for every perfon and perfons who now are, or at any time hereafter (hall be tenant in dower, or by courtefy, by and with the cotifent and concurrence of fuch perfon and perfons as fnall be feized in reverfion or remainder of an ellate of inheritance, immediately expeftan6iipon the death of fuch tenant in dower, or by the courtefy ; or in cafe of the nonage} idiotcy, or lunacy of fuch perfon fo feized in reverfion or remainder, then with and by the confent of the guardian or guardians of foch minor, or the committee of

fuch

Digitized by i^ooQle

jt*	73i	ihirtyff/t	fW	yCtwyllt

A.' D‘

iTjr..

QknV'&

i

Lf afes mad* by tenants for life not dilpu-ijifltableof w*ifte, 5c c.

Archbllbo^s’ leafe* to he approved of by chief governor.

fuck idiot or kinhtie, by find with die -approbation of tk* lord Aancellor, lord kaepef, or tomdlifiioiicra of die great fed 6f this kingdoia for the time being* ia the faid cafes of nohage, ktfotoy, or htnadv, by indentures under theif icfpe 6Hive hands add feels* whereof oountffrp&rtft thereof are to he duly executed by the rbfpe&ite feffoes* to make and -grant onto th* ibid company* leafes for Soy number of {tves* ^rth or without renewal*, or for arty term or number of years whatfoerer, of all or any mines of Coil, culm* lead* dopper, lafu cahmtnariii iron* afld iron ftofic, cobalt, tin, antemdny, gold, filver, bi&nuth, and of all other minerals and foffilt of what nit are or kind foevet, and of all or fioy quarrks of marble* and of all or any beds of day or flint, or other matters ufually found in the earth, fit and proper for the m&nufii&uringof finy kind of ware, and of all or any beda of oaker, and fuller’s c#th which have already been found, or (hail or may hereafter be found and difco>» ycred within their rcfpe&itc manor* or lands, fo as every fitch leafe be made in pofleffioi} without any fine or income, fir any other confidetation than the yearly rent, or duty in fuch leafe referred and mentioned, and fo as the rent to be teferved upon every fuch leafe be not left than one-tenth part or (hare* Or the value of one^tenth part or (hare of the fioal, culm, minerals, foffils, ore, marble, clay, flint, oaker, fuller’s earth, or other the rhatters aforefaid, to be dug and raifed out of fuch mines or beds as aforefaid, without any regard had to the charges and expeoces of digging, railing, find laying the fame on the bank ; and fo as filch rent or yiilue (hall be referved and made payable in, and by every fuch leafe, to fuch leflor and leffor or fuch other perfon and perfon* an (hould from time to time, during the continuance of fuch leafe, have been a&uaily in titled by the laws of this kingdom to the benefit of fuch mines, quarries and beds, in .cafe this alt bad not been made.

XX.	Provided always. That where fitly filch leafe (hall be made by any tenant for life,, not difpumlhable of wafte, with immediate remainder tip fife or her firft and every other fon in tail, trio-fifth parts of the yearly rcht or duty to be referred thereupon, (hall be faade payable to rite tenant for fife, and the other three-fifth parts of fetch rent or duty, to the perfon or perfon* in rrmai rider, in whom the inheritance of .the mines, quarries, or beds comprised in fuch leafe, (hall from time to time happen to be vefted, during the time fuch inheritance (hall continue vefted in him and them re-, fpe&ively.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it entiled, That every fuch leafe to be made by any archbifhop (hall be made by and with the approbation of the chief governor or gover-

1	nors

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-firfi Year ef Gf«irg« Ifl.

3*‘

D.

? 7 91 * Chap. 3,2.

No more than 5 acre*to be fit*

Guardian*,

norsof this kingdom for the time being, and by any bifhop with the approbation of the archbishop, of the province, and by any other ecclefiaftical perfon with the approbation of the bi/)iop of the dlocefe, certified in writing under their refpedive hands and leak, and duly regiftered in the registry of the dioccfe.

XXII.	Provided alfa, That the quantity of land fo to be let by any one of the faid perfon^, do not exceed three

nacres, and that inch land do not conftitutc any part of tl\e^r demefne, glebe, or menfal lands ; and that every leafe made by the faid perfon* contrary to tbe(e prqvidons, ihaU he null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XXIII.	And whereas it nuy happen tfiat perfons ftized as herein before is mentioned, may be infants, idiots, qr f*c. m*y “jahe lunaticke, be it therefore eeaded by the authority aforefaid, lCd c*'48 LreiB* That in all and every fuch cafe and cafes, it (hall and may

be lawful for all guardians, trqftees, and committees of and for fuch infants, idiots, and limaticks, by and with the con-fern of the lord chancellor of this kingdom, or lord keeper or coininillionera of the great feal for the time being, to grant and make leafes for any number of lives, with or without renewals, or for any term Qr number of years whatever, of all or any fuch mines, minerals, quarries, and beds as herein before mentioned, as are or lhaU be found in the manors, lands, and tenements qf fuch infaots, idiots, or luna-ticks, fo as fuch rent or duty be referved as aforefaid, and fo as fuch confent be had, and all the other diredions and re-ftridions herein before mentioned, be obferved in the making all fuch leafes.

XXi V. Provided always, That if any mortgagee or mort- Mortgagee* gagees of any lands or tenements, do, or flmll make fuch not to make leafe or leafes as aforefaid, the fame (hall be void againft the ,ucil hafes, &c, perfon orperfons, who (hall be entitled to the equity of redemption of the fame, ui.lefs fuch perfon or perfons fo iq-titled to fuch equity of redemption, (ball jojn in fuch leafe or leafes, or othenvife confent or agree thereto.

XXV.	And be it enaded, That all leafes made to the Leafe* made faid company, and their fucceffors, by virtue of, and pur- *m<ier aft fu^nt to this ad, (hall be and iemaiu good, valid, and dfedua], not only againft the perfon or perfons who {hall make fucji claim*, leafes, but alfo againft all and every bi$, her, and their r$-fpedive fucceffors, and all and every perfon and perfons haying or claiming any eilate, right, title, or intereft in rever-fion or remainder expedant on the determination of the ef-tate of the perfon or perfons making the fame to or out of any fuch mines, quarries, or beds as aforefaid, which (hall be.de-mifed by fuch leafe or leafes, any law> ftatute, or ufage, tp the contrary notwithiianding.

XXVI.	Provided

Digitized by ^.ooQle

Lealca to he void, if mines, 6cc (hail uo(. be forked herein.

Ko jointrefs to make a ieafe of any nuue, 6cc.

Ko right to vote for iw nt-b-rs of par lament by virtue of anykafe,

&c to iaid company.

Companymot •uthortted ro work mine*/&c. in lauds not de-mikd.

The thirty-frfi Tear of George III.

XXVI.	Provided always, That if the (aid company, or their fucceffors, (hall omit or negleft for two years next after the commencement of any leafe or demife which (hall be made to them in purfuance of this aft, to begin effeftually to work in any fuch mine, quarry, or bed as afore&id, which (hall be demifed or granted to them by fuch leafe, or (hall after the Tecond year of fuch leafe or demife, neglcft to keep Gx able workmen therein employed for one hundred days in any one year during the term of the faid leafe for the effeftual carrying on of the faid work, then and in either of the faid cafes, fuch leafe or demife (hall be from thenceforth null and void both in law an^ equity; and it fliall and may be lawful for the leflor or kfTors, or fuch other perfon or perfons who (hall be intided to the rent refer ved on fuch leafe, to ne-entcr in and upon fuch demifed premifes, and the fame to have again, rc-poflefs, and enjoy, as in his or their former eftate.

XXVII.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained, (hall extend to enable any jointrefs to make any leafe or leafea of any mine, quarry, mineral, fofltl, or bed of clay, oaker, or fuller’s earth, which are or (hall be found in any lands or tenements winch fuch jointrefs (hall hold as part of her jointure.

XXVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That it (liaQ not be lawful for any member or members of the faid company, or any perfon whatfoever, to vote at any eleftiou for any member or members of parliament for any city, county, or borough within this kingdom in right of any fuch leafe, grant, 'or demife to be made to the faid company, by virtue, or in purfuance of any of the powers in this aft contained, or in right of any ellatc or intereft which (hall or may be derived mediately or immediately underany fuoh grant, leafe, or demife, or under the faid company in virtue thereof, any thing herein contained notwithftanding..

XXIX And in order to prevent any doubts which might arife concerning the powers veiled in the faid company, and their fucceffors by this aft, be it enafted, That nothing iu this aft contained (hall extend or beconllmed to extend to authorize the faid company, or their fucceffors, or any perfon impoweftfd by; or deriving or afting under them, to open, fearch, dig for, or work any mines, minerals or foffils, quarries of marble,~dr 'beds of clay, dint, oaker, or fuller’s farth, or other the matters afoteCaid, iiiany lands or ground whatever, without' a demife thereof in writing, from the per-fqn or perfons authorized by thb-aft to' demife the Tame, or ffe 'cohfcrit in writing of fuch perfon of perfons for fo doing, bard abd obtained'; and that nothing herein contained, /hall be coniltued to cMcod to the cqmpailiffg or. obliging '	any

The thirty frjl Tear of George III.

Vi

any perfon or perfons to make any demife of any of the A. IX mutters aforefaid, or to prevent any company that lhall be 1791* hereafter ere&ed by any charter or grant from his Majefty, Chap.39. his heirs or fuccefiovs, or any voluntary company or fociety,  body politic, perfon -or perfons whatfoever, their hens and fuccefibrs, from taking leaks and grants of, or from opening, fearching, digging for, and working any mines, mi* nerals or fofiils, quarries of marble, or beds of clay, flint, oaker, or fuller’s earth, or other the matters aforefaid, as they lawfully could or might have done, in cafe this a& had

ry thereof notwit hilanding.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That no Debt* of in*

flock thereof, as debts due by the faid company, nor (hall any individual member or members of the faid company, be fubjedl to any of the laws againll bankrupts, or to any greater lofs, charges or damages, for or on account of his or their being a member of the faid company, than the full fum or fums of money by him fubferibed, or to be fub-ferfbed as aforefaid, and his or their (hare or (hares of the profits, of the faid undertaking not received, or fuch pro-

as aforefaid, as may be neceffary to make full payment and difeharge of the debts and engagements of the faid company ; faving and always referving to the king’s moil excellent Majcfty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, all fuch rights of preemption of ore, and all other right, duties and demands whatfoever, in, unto, or out of any mines, minerals and ore, or any of them, as his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef-fors might, or would have been entitled unto, in cafe this a£t had not been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled, That this adl fliall be A public's^ deemed and taken to be a public adl, and that if any fuit (hall be commenced or ptofccuted againll any perfon or perfons for any thing which (hall be done in purfuance of this aet, filch perfon or perfons may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence.

not pafied, any thing herein before contained to the contra-

debts or engagements of any individual member or members dividual* not to of the faid company, on what ground foever contra&ed, ttc (hall charge or affe£l the faid company, or the faid capital

portion or proportions of fuch fubfeription or fubferiptiona

0 •

f

CHAP.

Digitized by

Google

mm

3‘4*

A. ft.

•J9».

7!m tiaifffyt Tsar af QeMgeHL

>

CHAP. Xi.

A y#r the PYsforvmtimrf Sinks md Imr.

Preamble.' AX7HEREAS the feveral aft* paffed from time to time V V hi this kingdom for the encouragement of planting, turn* attain the grant and dtflmbW end* proposed by the**, unkf* cffeftual regulations bo made for the prefervatioa of trees when planted; be it ena \e& by the King1* moft exod-knttMajedy, by and with the advice andconfent of the lords fpirhual and temporal, and commons in this prefeat parKa-no perfon hold* ment aflembltd, and by the authority of the fame. That no ing lands by perfon whatsoever holding, or who (hail hold any lands an do^^&V^aT11 ^ ^,n?^om by fo* onc °* niore lire*, or for years, herein.	«* by will or fuffcrancc, dial! cut down, grub up, lop or

top aqy tree, wood, or underwood growing upon the hnds fo held under colour of eftovers, or of boufe-bote, plow-bote, hay-bote, cait-botc, or any other bote whatfoever, or under any pretence or caufc whatsoever, unlefs fb hi as Rich perfon ftmlt be authorized thereto, by covenant in the lcafr under which the (aid lands are or (hall be fo held, or unlefs A»ch perfon (hall have the content of the owner or owners thereof, under his, her, or their hand and Seal for the purpose.

Perfons of- II. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon fb '	holding	land (hall offend herein, fuch perfon (ball be fobjeft

penalties. ^ tjl€ penalties enafted againft perfons who (hall wilfully cut down, pluck up, lop, top, or otherwise damage any tree without the oonfeot of the owner or owners thereof, firft had in writing.

Recital of v$ III- And be it further wafted, That no foeb perfon in & 16 O. $. re- whofe pofleflion there fhall be found any tree, or any 'kind wtve t9 trtfs, of fptMxl, underwood, poles, Ricks of wood, (hoots, or young trees, fo cut or grubbed up, contrary to the proviiions of tUs aft, (hall be deemed by any j office of the peace to have come fairly and honeftly by the fame, within the meaning of an aft pajffcd in the ifteeath and (ixteenth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An aS for en* comragtng the cultivation, and for the better prefervation of trees % Jbrmbs% plants, and roots, or within this prefent aft\

,	IV.	And be it further enafted, That every joffice of the

Penalty on | peace, who (hall wilfully refufe or negleft to aft as a juf-liercin! ** tice of the peace upon any complaint touching the offence aferefaid, or any offence againll the faid recited aft, or in any wife to carry this or any law heretofore made, and

t

Digitize^, by.

The thkrty-firjl Year of George HI.

at the time in force, for the encouragement of planting, or the preservation of trees mto execution as a juftiee of the peace, he (hall be fubjeCt to the like penalty, to be recovered in the like manner as is enafted refpefting any }uftice of the peace, who /hall wilfully negledt or refufe to carry into execution any law relative to the linen or hempen manufactures.

V. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That Nothing in this aft contained /hall extend or be conftrued lc^cs rencW* to extend to any perfon who holds or fhall hold land by ao c or evcr* virtue of a leafe for lives renewable for ever, in lefpeft of fiich land, or to any trees, wood, or underwood growing on the fame, nor to affeft any perfon in refpeft of any trees which have been or /hall be planted and regiftered, in purfuance of and under the provifions of any law heretofore made in this kingdom for the encouragement of planting,

CHAP. XL1I.

An Aft for dire Ring the further Application of the Sum of Two Hundred Thoufand Pounds, granted by an Aft pojfcd in the Twenty-ninth Tear of His prefent Majeflyy Entitled,

An Aft for the promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation.

WHEREAS by an aft paffed in the twenty-ninth Recital 29 year of his Majefly’s Reign, entitled, An aft for the 3-promotion and encouragement of inland navigation, it was enaft-ed, That fuch proportion of the fum of two hundred thoufand pounds therein mentioned, as was not applied for in the then fefiion of parliament, fhould be granted to fuch future applications for the purpofes of navigation, as fhould meet the approbation of parliament, aud fhould be depofited with the clerk of the houfe of commons before the firft day of the meeting of parliament, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one: and whereas the fum of eleven thoufand three hundred pounds, part of the faid fum of two hundred thoufand pounds not applied for in the faid then feflion of parliament, remains undifpofed of; be it therefore’ enafted by the King's moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That debentures to Sum* to he the amount of two thoufand one hundred and twenty pounds appropriated

twelve

Not to extend

Digitized by

7be thirlffwjl Ttar ^George HI.

t

A- 5- twelve ftPUngt and fix pence, bearing an in ter HI after the

1791.	rate of four pounds per centum per annum, be UTued to the

Chap. 42.	company of undertakers of the grand canal, to compleal the

junction between the grand, canal at A thy and the river Barrow, puifuant to their petition prefented to the houfeof common* this feffion of parliament, fo (ona as the coolest of the undertakers of the Barrow navigation to that mca-fure (hall be figaified to tlie commifiioncts of impreft accounts ; and that debenture* to the amount of four thouiand three hundred and (event y pounds two (hillings aad (one pence, bearing an interell after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, be iffued to the laid company of under* taker# of the grand capal, to carry on a navigation from the grand canal towards the Kilkenny collieries, purfuant to their petition prefented to the houfe of commons this fcfiioo of parliament ; aod that debentures to the amount of one thoufand two hundred and four pounds twelve (hillings and four pence, bearing an intereft after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, be iffued to the faid company of undertakers of the gnmd canal, tq carry on a navigation to Battyrider, purfuant to their petition prefented to this houfe this fe(fion of parliament; and that debentures to the amount hf three thonfand feven hundred and three pounds twekt (hillings, bearing an inhered after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, be iftued to the mod noble John James marquis of Abercorn, to carry on a dill water navigation, between the country adjacent to the town of Strahane and the river Foyle, purfuant to his petition prefented to this houfe this feilion of parliament ; w'hich feveral debentures (hall be ilfued to the faid company of undertakers of the grain! canal, and to the faid John James marquis of Abercorn, for the feveral fums granted to them rtfpeckively, under the like provisions, fubjed to the feveral conditions, limitations, and reftridions contained in the (aid ad, with refped to the feveral fums thereby granted, fo far as the fame are not varied by this ad, and fo that they be refpedively applicable to the feveral purpofes for which the fame are granted by this ad, and be fubjed to the conditions, limitations, and reftridions herein after mentioned..

Company to II. And be it enaded, That tbe faid company ofunder-depofu t-iothof takers of the grand canal, (hall not be entitled to receive fubfaiptioDs as any debenture or debentures, or to receive any benefit what* crua.'	foever	under	this ad, for anyj fum hereby granted, uiriefsthe

(aid company (hall have made depohta of one-tenth part of their fubfcrjptions refpectively, in government Securities for fuch tenth part, in fuch manner and under fuch regulations, proviftons, and .reftridions, as by the faid recited ad art required with refped to bodice corporate, within eighteen

cidcndaf

Digitized by

The thirtyftrfi Tear of George 111/ .

calendar months after the twenty-fourth day* of June, oafe thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one

III.	And be it enacted. That the faid John James marquis of Abercom, fhall hot be entitled to any debenture or . debentures, or to receive any benefit under this a£t> unlefs he (hall have depofited one-tenth part of his fubfeription in A^ct°‘ government fccurities for fuch one-tenth j art, in fuch manner fub aud under fuch regulations as by the laid recited a# are re- as hercia; quired with refpect to the fubferibers or undertakers therein mentioned, within fix calendar months after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thouiand feven hundred and ninety-

Marquiso?

IV.	And be it ena&ed, That the faid John James mar- * tvlarqui* of quis of Abercom, on peiforniingthd conditions hereby re- Abercom cntt%, quired, fhall be entitled to,' and Ihall hold and enjoy all pow- Jedtoallpewei% ers, privileges, advantages and authorities in all things» for ^c*asherc»m. the purpofe of carrying on faid navigation, to which the ftibfcribers or undertakers refpectively in faid a£t mentioned

were and are entitltd, on performing the feveral conditions •and provifions which luch fubferibers and undertakers were by faid adt required to perform.

V.	And be it enacted. That the faid company of under- G canal cotd-takers of the grand canal, fhall on performing the condt- pany likewib tions hereby required, be in like manner entitled to all pow-

ers, advantages, privileges and authorities to which they Is herein, and other bodies corporate were eutitled by the faid a61, on performing the feveral conditions and provifions which they and other bodies corporate were by faid adi required to perform.	N

VI.	And whereas the making of floating and graving Debenture docks for the building, fafe lying* and repair of (hipping,

will be of great advantage to the trade of this kingdom, be it enacted, That debentures to the amount of twenty-two thoufand pounds, and no more, bearing an intereii after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, be iflued by the vice-trcafurer or vice-treafurers, pay mailer or pay-mailers general, his or their deputy or deputies, to the com-pany of undertakers of the grand canal, for making, com-pleating, and finifliing floating and graving docks, for the fafe lying, building, and repair of (hipping, at the propofed termination of the grand canal at the river liffey, puriuant to their petition prefented to the houfc of commons this feflion of parliament; provided that no debentures (hall be iffued to the faid company, unlef9 they (ball adlually have expended of their own proper money on the (aid floating and graving docks, and on the quays and wharfs belonging to the fame, a fum equal to the full amount which they (hall demand of the public money; and that the faid company

'	iM

Digitized by CjOOQle

3,8	tbi	ri^Cgl	tmr	j	til.

A. D. ftafl a* 4e anthkd to mm a debenture or dtfaemwto

1791.	for any	part	of the fold fa*	wf ftoy-two thoufand

Chcfj. 4^	pounds,	mil	proof fall be /made hr dr on *n their bekalF,

before the commiflioners of impreft accounts, of fa p* mixture of afnm eqoal to fa ftffi amount of the fan far which they faU denumd 00c or more debentures, purfuantto this ad.

When com- VII Pmrtded alto, That when the find company fhsfO P2®)* jav<cV ^ave expended of tbdt own proper moody ithe fam of denea {h^may^cive thou^smd potmds upon the faid #©*fag and grating dock*, debenture* as wharfa and quays, and fail fam made proof of the eoepen-hercin, &«. diture thereof before the commiflioners of impreft accounts, that then the	faid company fhall	reed re debentures for the

foot of	fenen	thoufand pounds,	part of the fad fum of

twenty-two thoufand pounds; an a that when the fad coaa-pany (hall haveexpended the daft mentioned ibouuty or fum of feven thoufand pounds, for which debentures fail bane been iflutd as aforefaid, together with a farther fam of thirty thoufand pounds of their own prdper money, and fall within two years fram the fidt day dF November next, finifh the faid docks, containing accommodation for thefafe lying of three hundred fail of fea veflcds, with a fapply of fistem feet depth of water at the lead, and (hell havemade .proof before the commiffionecs of impreft accounts of the expenditure of the federal fumi herein mentioned, and of the cctnpleating of the faid works in length, breadth, and fituatian, agreeably to their plan kid before the houfe of' commons this feflion of parliament, that then the faid company (hall receive debentures for the further fum of fifteen thoufand pounds, to compleat the fam of twenty4wo tboa-fand pounds hereto before mentioned.

^	VIII.	And	be	it further ena&ed, That if the whole of

expend 30*0001. t^ic laft mentioned fum of thirty thoufand pounds, they arc to re- fhall not be expended on the finifhing of the faid works, ceiye only a that then and in filch cafe the faid company (halt onhr ro-moiety m here-	debentures as aforefaid, equal to the amount /or one

"**	moiety, or half of fuch part of the faid fum of thirty

thoufand pounds, as (hall appear to the commifhoners of impreft accounts to have been expended on the faid works 1 it being the true intent and meaning of this a& that the faid company of undertakers (hall actually have expended of their own proper money a fam equal to the fall amount for which they fall demand or receive of the public money, and (hall prove bdfore the commfflioaers of impreft accounts the expenditure of a fum equal to the fall amount far which one or more debentures fall have iftied as afonsfaid, before they (hall be entitled to receive any debenture, purfuant to this aft upon -any farther application.

,	1	IX.	And

Digitized by

Google

The tbirtytfrfl Tear of George IIL	319

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That in confideration of A. D. the great charges and expences which the making, building, 1791 * ere&ing, and providing fuch floating and graving docks, Chap. 4^. quays, wharfs, and works, and the fupporting, maintain- '—

ing, and keeping the fame in repair, there (hall be payable	°

and paid to the faid company, or to theii colle&ors or de- company °Scc. puties for their ufe, for every fhip or veflfel comiug into or going out of the faid docks, or unlading or putting on more, or lading or taking on board any goods, wares, or merchandize within the fold docks, by the mailer or commander, owner or owners of every fuch fhip or velfel, the feveral rates and duties hereafter particularly mentioned and defcribed .5 that is to fay, for every Irtfh ihip or veflel coming into the faid floating docks on the burthen or tonnage ©f fuch thip or veflel, a fum or rate not exceeding fix pence per ton ; and upon the burthen or tonnage of all other (hips or veffels coming into the faid floating docks, a fum or rate not exceeding one (hilling per ton; and upon the burthen or tonnage of every Ihip or veflel coming into, or ufing the faid graving docks, fuch graving dock rates and payments as are paid or recciyed for the like purpofes for the entering of any fhip or velTel into, or ufing the graving docks at the port of Liverpool; and that all goods, Yvares, and merchandize which (hall be landed or difeharged upon any of the quays or wharfs belonging to the faid floating docks, to the extent of forty feet from the edge of the water, and no further on the north and weft quays of the fame, lhall be charged and chargeable with the like rates of wharfage and payments as arc ufually taken or received for any goods, wares, or merchandize loaded or difeharged upon any quays or wharfs at the port of London, which feveral rates and duties lhall be, and are hereby veiled in the faid company as their own proper monies, and to and for their own proper ufe and -behoof for the purpofes aforefaid.

X.	And be it enabled, That the faid company lhall be Power* of aftd Hand invefted with, and lhall hold and enjoy all and fin- company, gular the like powers, privileges, advantages, and authorities in all things for the purpofe of carrying on, managing,

and regulating the faid docks, wharfs, and quays, as are now veiled in them for the purpofes of carrying on, managing, and regulating the grand canal.

XI.	And be it enacled, That it lhall and may be lawful to Company and for the faid company, by and with the confcnt of the maX makc *lte-lord lieutenant, or other chief .governor or governors of this therein kingdom for the time being, to be teftified under his or their

fign manual, to make any addition to the faid docks, or any* alteration in the manner of conftru&mg the fame, which may be thought expedient; provided that the faid docks lhall not

be

Digitized by v^.ooQle

A. D.

*79,#

f YtCkbre-mafog in the . dock'' to pay as herein.

C« nal heat* not to be charged*

The thirty firfl Tear of George IIL

be of left extent, or lefs depth than aforefaid ; and that fuels docks (hall occupy the groued which it is now intended that the fame (hall occupy.

XII.	And be it ena&ed, That any veflel entering the/aid docks, and remaining therein for upwards of three mocthc, (Rail at the expiration of the firft three months be liable to, and (hall pay to the faid company dockage a fecond time at the rates afurefaid, and fo on from time to time on the commencement of every fucceeding three months fo long ai fucb vefTtl (hall remain in faid docks.

XIII.	Provided alwayB, That nothing in this a& contained, (hall extend, or be contlrued to extend, to charge any boat, barge, or lighter deemed a canal boat, barge? or lighter, carrying goods from the faid canal into the rirer LiflVy, or carrying goods from the river Uffty up the faid canal to any didance above the lock on the (aid canal next below the lock, commonly Called the firlt lock, from tb*

frand canal harbour in Saint James’s* Stt£et, or HarCourt-40ck, with any farther or other toll or duty for enteringor paQing through faid locks, than in the fame proportion that fuch boat, barge, or lighter (hall or may be liable to pay to the faid company for palling the faid canal for any ditlanc* nr number of locks above faid docks.

C II A P. XLHI.

Ah Ad /a prohibit Horfe Races in the Neighbourhood of the

City of Dublin.	i

WHEREAS much idlenefs, dfunkenneft and riot, have for fome years.pad been octafioticd by the fre-qqencyof horfe races in the neighbourhood of the city of Dublin, for remedy whereof, be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by &nd with the'advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the No horfe, Stc. lame, That it (hall not.be lawful for any peifon to caufe to run a* herein, any'horfe, mare or gelding,, to run tor any public prifcc whatever, within nine miles of his Majefty’s cattle of Dublin,. either againd fmy other horfe, mare or gcldiug, or againd time ; and that any. aflembly of perfons more thaii twelve in number prefent at any horfe race within nine miles from the faid catUe, (hall be, and be deemed an unlawful af-fembly, and (hall and may be difperfed as fuch, by any ma-gidnitc ot* peace officer, as in cafes 6f unlawful afferoblies, and the perfons fo prefent may be profecuted, and in aH re-z	fpetts



The thirty firjl Tear of George IIT.	321

fpefls prodeeded againft a9 perfons prefent and aflifling at A. D. an unlawful aflembly.	1791.

II.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be V—«^-v— lawful for any juftice of the peace of the county in which Juftice* m*y fuch race fliall be, upon the view at the race, or upon the fcizc 11 hcrcm* information upon oath of two credible witnefTes, by warrant

to feize any horfe, mare or gelding, that (hall run at any fuch race, and in eight clays after fuch feizurc to fell fuch horfe, mare or gelding by public au&ion, in the market town neared to fuch race courfe, fave only that in cafe fuch feizure fliall be made on information, and not on the view, the owner of fuch horfe, mare or gelding, may claim fuch horfe before fuch juftice, and if he (nail make proof by one witnefs upon oath, to the fatisfa&ion of fuch juftice, that fuch horfe, mare or gelding, did not run at fuch race; the horfe, mare or gelding, fliall be returned to the owner thereof.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That all money arifing Money to be from fuch fale of any horfe, mare or gelding, (hall be by r^(^tl^”uiay fuch juftice forthwith after luch falc paid to the treafurer of c

the county in which fuch race fhall be, deducting thereout fuch expences as he fliall be neceffarily put to, in maintaining, feixing, and felling fuch horfe.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That it (hall and may be jufticc mty lawful to and for any juftice of the peace of the county in proftratc booths, which fuch races fhall be held, or (hall be advertized to be &c*

held, at or previous to the running of the hor(es, to prof-trate all booths and tents ere&ed for the accommodation of perfons prefent at fuch races, and to deftroy all vcflels containing fpiritous liquors expofed to falc at fuch races, or on the ground on which or near to which fuch races .(hall hr, or intended to be rua, and to fpill all liquors fa expofed to fale.	v	4

V.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained fhall Not to extend extend to empower any juftice of the peace to deftroy any to licenfcd veflel or liquor elpofed for fale, in any houfe licenfcd to fell hottfiw. fpiritous liquors.

> ,, -

CHAP XLIV.

An Ad for reviving and continuing feveral temporary Statutes.	,

II- \ ND be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That JLjL fo much of one of parliament made in this kingdom, in the fixth year of the reign of her late Majtfty Vox.. IX.	X	Qm:cn

So much of C h Anne ai relates to prefent-ment of va-

Digitized by

Google

Qoer* Atme, am tied. An *a8 for sxftUmsHg i

'im fever A ads agdmft tariff, tfAdrets, and rapfarees, as labiates fo the preferment of leoie and idle vagrants, by tbr _	"grand	jwrie*	at	the Affixes, and aft the general’quarter fefltooa

graces, revived, of the peace ibr the eoswty of Duhflo, and county of & ^	city of LMsiifi oirfy, be revived, and that the (time, toge-

ther with one other a& made in this kingdom, rathe eighth year of the feign of iris hate Msyefty King George the firm* entitled, An aft for amending an aft, entitled, An m3 far 4be better and more ejfeBucA apprehending and tranjporiinejr firm and fibers, and for continuing and amending fevered Lrwr made in this kingdom, for ftpprejfmg Cories, rubber:, and rapparees, and silfo to prevent the lifting tf ins Majejlfs fuhjefts to fervt rts fouDers in foreign fsrviee, vuifhwt ixs Majefty*s Ttcmfe, aft alfo one other a A, made in the third year of his brte Ma-jefty King George the fecond, entitled. An aft for she mare cffe&nal preventing, and farther panijbsnenl 'of forgery, perjnry% and fubonsatioa of perjury, and to inahe it felony U feat bamds, motet, or other fecuriliet for payment of matey, and for Ate more cfefttml trarfpur ting felons, vagabonds and atfjeri, tog** tber with the 'alterations and additions made by An a<ft pafled in this kingdom, in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majcfty King George the fecond, entitled* An aft for com-tmrrmr and amending ferverct Jldtutes now? near expiring, be, and tnc fame are hereby made perpetual,

IV.	And whereas by an aft of the thirtieth year of hri present Majefty, kft titled. An aft for grtiming the feveredfarms therein mentioned, /hr certain pom and charitable afes, certain powers were therein fpeciafly granted to the governors and guardians of the holpital, for the relief of pobr lying-in women fti Dublin, to raifc any film or fwns of monty not exceeding the fum of four thoufaftd pounds fterling, At the Vate of five per centum per annum, for the pufpdTes therein fpecified : and whereas fuch powers or provifidro have not been found ncceh fary, be it therefore ena&ed by the authority a fond aid, ProviTitjm* re- That all fncli powers or ptovifions be% find are hereby re-

pealed, and declared nufl aadvoH to all intents and purpo&fr in KolpstaL to- r, /

vrhatfoever.

c k a?

The thirty-fifi Tear of George III.

r

CHAP. XLV.

An A£t for ir.cloftng and improving Mcrrion-Square, in the City of DubFin•

^rTrTHER.EAS the (pace of ground lying whhin the V \ fquare, called Merrion-Squarc, in the county of the city of Dublin, is become, and mull continue to be a very great nutfance to the inhabitants furrounding it, unlefs a proper inclofure round the fame be made and fupported \ and whereas a confiderable number of the inhabitants and proprietors of the feveral houles and grounds furrounding the faid fquare, have fignified their earneil wiih and defire that the faid fquare (hall be properly inclofed, and the inlide thereof improved and ornamented for the convenience and comfort of the feveral inhabitants as herein after mentioned ; be it therefore ena&ed by the King's moll excellent Majelly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Tpiritual and temporal and common? in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this ad, it fhall and may be Commifiion-lawful for the perfons herein after mentioned as commifii- oners nercafcer oners, or any five of them, forthwith to contractor the named m .y con-making, finilhing, compleating, improving, ornamenting aud inclofiug the faid fquare, called Merrion-Square, in fuch on.Squaxe.Crn maimer as they (hall think moll proper.

II. And be it enaded by the authority aforeiaid. That A’l houres, towaids making, completing and finilhing faid inclofure and ^c. of Men ion-

improvements in manner atorefaid; and in order to create a ??ua,c chargta-*	fir.	c	11	i	.	,	r	bU with annual

permanent tund tor that puipole, all and every the houles payUlcnti.

and tenements on the nortn tide of the faid fquare, beginning at the houfc now in the occupation of Kobert Day, efquire, No. i. to the houfe of the right honourable the ma;qv*is of Antrim, both inclufive? alfo all and every the houles and grounds on the call tide of the faid fquare, bc-ginningat the houfe of James Bond, efquire, to the lot of ground at the fouth ealt angle thereof, demifed to, and now or late in the pofTelTion of Mr. George Kent? likewife all and every the houfes and grounds on the fouth fide of the faid fquare beginning at the corner houfe, now in the pof* feflion of Chriltopher Deey, efquire, and ending at the houfe of the well corner of feid fouth fide, both inclufive, as alfo the feveral houfes and tenements on the well fide of the faid fquare, beginning at the houfe of Mrs. Earbery, ar^oiuing to his grace the duke of Lcinller's lawn, aid X 2	ending

3*4

.A. T>.

1791. Chap. 45.

Camir.i!5or.<r».

The tkirty-firjl Ttar ef George III.

ending at the corner houfe of Clare-Street, now in the oc>-cupation of the right honourable lord Allen, both incluhve, as fet forth in a fchedule hereunto aonexed, (hall hereafter be chargeable with, and liable to the annual payment of fuel* fum aa the commiflionera herein after named or their fuccef-fors, or any five of them, (hall from time to time by writing under their hands and feals diredt and appoint, not exceeding the rate of three fhiBing* for each foot running meaihre, or for any lefs proportion ®f a foot, which the fronts of faid fevcral houfes and grounds (hall contain, astke admrafurement of them refpedtively are fpeeified in the faid fchedule, to the fevcral eommiffioners and their fucceffora, or their lawful attorney or afligns, for the purpofe of making, finilhing and completing a good andfufficient indofure round the faid fqtiare, in fuch manner and form as the faid commif-fioners, or any five of them (hall think moft proper ; and for improving and ornamenting the infide of the fard fquare, and for providing for and paying the neceflary rent and other cx-penccs which may attend the obtaining the ground within faid inclofurc, the faid fevcral fums to be paid, and payable during the term of one hundred and forty-feven years, by two equal half-ycaily payments in cvesy year ; that is to (ay, on every firff day oi November, and firft day of May; the fill payment thereof to be, begin and be made oil the firfl day of November next.

li T. And be it enabled by the authority afbrefaid, That the right honourable lord vifeount Lifford, the right honourable lord vifeount De Vefci, the right honourable William Biownlow, the right honourable Theophilus Jones, the right honourable Richard Longfield, the honourable general Stopford, the honourable Francis Hely Hutchinfon, Robert Day, efquire, Maurice Bsgenal, St. Legcr Keating, bfquirc, William Downes, efquire, Peter Holmes, ef-quiie, John Wolfe, of Forenaughts, Marcus Beresfor^ and Nicholas Wcllby, efquire, fir Samuel Bradftrcet, baronet, the reverend archdeacon Thomas Hafiings, Ifaac Corry, efquire, James Bond, efquire, Charles Henry Coote, efquire, Robert A(hworth, efquire, John Whaley, efquire, and Chriftopher Dcey, efquire, be, and are hereby co n ft i-tuted and appointed commiffioncrs for executing and con-du&ing the faid work, and for the other purpofes of this a& : and that they may appoint a treafurer, who (hall ferve without fee or reward 5 and like wife an infpedtor and col-leftor, with filch allowance, not exceeding one (hilling in the pound to each for regulating the faid work, and collecting the faid fund, as they the faid commilEoners, or any 4vc of them (hall judge proper.

Upon Heath, &c of a com-ano-1

The thirty-firJl Tear of George III.

IV.	And be it ena£led by the authority aforefaid, That tipon the death or refignation of any perfon or ptribns herein before named as a commifiioner; that then the fur-viving commifiioners, five of them at lead being prefent, fl all within three calendar months next after the death or resignation, or notice of the death or refignation of Inch per- nitffiancV fon, eled and appoint fome other fit perfun, at the time be- therto beeping the owner, proprietor, or inhabitant of any houfe or pointed as here-houfes of faid Cquare, to be a commifiioher iu the place and ia-ftead of every fuch perfon fo dying or refigning ; and as often as any vacancy fhall happen by tlie death or refignation of the perfon or perfons fo to be hereafter elected to fnc-ceed therein, that fume other fuch peifon or perfons ihall in like manner, from time to time, be elected during the faid term of one hundred and Forty-feven years; which faid perfon and perfons fo from time to time to be elected, fhall to all intents and purpofes be deemed and taken to be a com-miflioiier for the purpofes aforefaid ; as if his and their name and names were herein particularly infertpd,

V.	Provided ntverthclefs, That before every fuch elerSion Kotjccat eight days notice be firft given for that purpoie in the Duh-herein.

Jin Gazette, and alfo in inch of the public papers in the city

of Dublin, as the faid commiJTioners, or any five of them fhall think proper; and by writing to be left at the ufual ' place of abode of the furviviug commifiioners in the city of Dublin, or the fuburbs or liberties thereof.

VI.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Meeting it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commifiioners and as herein.** their fucceflbrs, if need be, to have four general quarterly meetings of the members thereof yearly in Dublin, at

fuch place or places, and at fuch time or times as they (hall think proper, to wit, on every firft Monday in Auguft, firft Monday in November, firft Monday in February, and firft Monday in Mayt and as many other general meetings at fuch place or places in the city of Dublin, as the faid commifiioners, or any five or more of them fhall appoint.

VII.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority afore- Commiffionen faid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid com-miflioners, or any perfon or perfons by them duly authorized and appointed, on default of payment of any of the

firms herein before enabled and dire&ed to be raifed, levied, and paid to them refpeflively, to enter into, and upon each and every, or any of the houfes now hldlt, or hereafter to be built on the laid feveral grounds herein before mentioned, and hereby feyerally charged or chargeable therewith, and to levy the fame py diftr^fs and fale of the goods of every inhabitant, occupier, or proprietor of fuch houfes or .	grounds

Digitized by Google

3*6	T'&r	tbifijjirfl	Tear	of	George	III.

grounds refufing or negle&ing to pay the fame, renderiqg the overplus, if any, to fuch inhabitant, occupier, or proprietor, after deducing thereout the (urn of one (hilling in tk pound, for the expence iucurred in coHe&ing the fatne ; or in cafe there (hall be no fuch houfe or building ereded or (landing on any part or parts of the faid ground^ every Toch fum or Turns fhall be paid by the immediate leffec of fuch ground, under Richard lord vifeount fitz william, hie or their heirs, executors, adminiftratovs, or afligns, and (hall be recovered by a£tion of debt, or otherwife, as the rent qf the (aid ground is recoverable.

Vill. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* •gaind plaintffs faid, That if any of the diftrefs or diltreffes made or tadcea in replevin. for t^c rentg OT flirng payable to the laid commifftoners by virtue of thi$ ad, (hall at any time or times hereafter be replevied, that the (aid commifuoners, or their bailiff or bailiffs,

Treble coftn

Deftroying, See. penalty as

herein.

Money may be railed as herein.

may avow or make cognizance generally, that fuch diftref* was made for reat due to them, by virtue of this a&, with** out fetting forth their right or title to fame at large, and if thereon judgment fhall be obtained againft'thc plaintiffs m replevin, fuch plaintiffs fhall pay treble cods.

IX.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That

any perfon or perfons who (hall wilfully or malicioufly deffroy or injure the iron railing furrounding faid inclofure, or any lamps, globes, or lights erecled thereon, or the done baf« fupportmg the fame, or fuch buildings as are now or fhall be hereafter ere&cd on any patt of thd faTd fouarei or de* flroy any of the trees or fhrubs "which fhall be planted in thq infide of the fquarc, or any of the railing, or climb over the railing fur rounding faid fquare, every fuch perfon fhall on due convi&ion thereof, in a nimmary way, by the tef-timony of one or more credible whnefs or witneffes, or by confefiion of the party accufeff, ox other fufficient proof upon oath before any two of his M?jelly’s juft ices of the peace for the county of the city of Dublin, forfeit the fum of five pounds fterling over and above all other penalties heretofore inflidled by law for fuch offence, and on default of payment thereof, be imprifoned for three months, without bail or mainprize, which (aid cc^yidlion fhall be fihal and conclufive to all parties.	1

X.	And be it further ewadfced by the authority aforefaid, That in order to raife a fufficient fum for the purpofet of the* faid inclofure, and the ornamenting and improving the infide of the (aid fquare, and foV t\\c parent or the rent of (he faid ground or purchafc money pf the determinable intereft in the fame, it fhall anff -may he lawful to and for the faid commiflioners and their fucceffort, or the majority of ihem, five at Jeift being prcfrntbt any general quartcily

f;>'	" ’ 0	‘ - '■	meeting,	'

Digitized'

>y io( lg *

Tiir tbirtpfrjt TmttfGtmgt III.

mtcctus^* by writim* wider their haiiA and fiab* to by JaTe ©w mortgage of all or any part of the £tid fu&4» or by debentures thcreoo* bearing mtereft at the sale of 6x pounds by tbe l*u«drcck by the ye&sy or by the yearly appropriation of any part thereof* focb film or femt of mooty » (hafl or may be fedficien* lor the parpofe of pur^ chafing the cflitey title* car intctcil of a& aad ttcry the tenant or under-tenant of the finds lying within hid fyarc^ and nf paying for thefiud railing* and for the improving the laid iofide, or for the payment of the rent of the ground wkhif>-£& the fast fquare* to. the owner or owners* fobc-ritor or inherit or* thereof* or for aay other ufcful or onzt* mental purpofe withnvfide the find fquare* or the expcnces mctdeirt to tbecreftiog* making* preferring* and eoattnning the fame.

XI.	And where** the in&fe of the hid fquare t* now in pofleffion of foodry perfoas who have hafts or deniativeuK tcrefta thereof* whole intereft it a*ay he aeceflhry to por-chafe out* for the pofpofift of tbit aft ; and whereas k h neceffary for the purposes of tbit aft* to reft m the teen-mvffioncrs herein named* and their fuccefiots* the aftoq} jxdTeffioo of the ground wkhio-fide the faad figtmre* and to enable them to agree for the porchafe of the (ante* or .for a leafe or kafes of the fame* at a certain rent to be paid for the fame* to the inheritor or inheritors* owner or owner* thereof* or of any intereft therein t he ft enafted therefore

by the authority afore fetid* That k Ml and may be lawful	___

for the commissioners* or any fire or more of them* to treat* erMMj-tre^r ^contra ft* and agree from time to time with the inheritor or with p*rf«m in-inheritors* and with the fevcral owners* proprietors* cecti- teieOcd in us&de piers of* and perfoos interefted in the feud i&fide ground* for I101™*

fnch recompence and iatisfafttoo to be made foe the feme* either by porchafe or an animal rent* aa they fcr any five or more of the faid commiffioners and the faia interefted pet-font (hall agree npdn* which laid purchafe money or annev&l rent (hall be paid out of the fond hereby created as afore-bad ; and if fnch inheritor or inheritors* owner* proprietor* occupier* or peHon interefted (hall happen at the time to be an infant* idiot, Iunatich* or married woman* or labouring under any legal difehiEtr, that then and in fuch cafc the gu&idian, committee* or hufband of fuch perfon or perfong (ball he at liberty, and have full power and authority to treat* coot raft* and agree touching the premifes with faid commif-fiohcr9* in as full and ample manner as fuch perfon might* if notlabouring under any difahflity/

XII.	And be it enafted l>y tlie authority afarefoicl, That PerA»ns re-

if the inheritor or inheritors, owner or owners* proprietors* jtfcciingio inrat or occupies* or’any fuch’ peiibn or perfons fo interefted at	le*

aforefaid* piocteckdau** ben: in.

Co

Digitized by L,ooQle

s* .

A. D.

The thirtyfhrJL Tear of George III.

*791-Chap. 45.

aforffaid, upon fourteen days notice to him, her or them, given or left in writing at the dwelling houfe or place of abode of fuch perfon or perfons, if rdident within the city • of Dublin, and if fuch perfon or perfons /halljiot have any known rcfidence within the city of Dublin, then fourteen days after, notice given ia writing to the known agent of fuch perfon or perfons at hi« or her place of abode in the faid ' city, and after notice by advertifement inferted in the Dublin Gazette, /hall negle& or refufe to treat, or /hall not agree to fell or demife the fame, or any part thereof, to the faul commiflioners, for the purpofes of this adfc, then and in fuch cafe the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, may ififue a warrant or precept to the iheriffsof the county of the city of Dublin, and proceed upon the valuation thereof, in the like manner as by the fcveral laws now in force for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by making wide and convenient pafiages through the fame ; and that the faid commiflioners hereby authorized, /hall have on fuch proceedings touching the premifes, all and Angular fuch powers, authorities and privileges as the commiflioners have or ought to have, when adling under the feveral adts nude and now in force for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by making wide and convenient pafiages through the fame.

XIII. And be it further cna&ed* That it /hall and may award as herein, be lawful to and for any jury to be impanelled by virtue of this a&, to aflefs and award fuch fums of money as to them /hall appear juft and reafonable, for the value of the intereft of fuch perlon or peTfonq ferved with fuch notice, and who have determinable interefts in the ground within the faid Square, and to aflefs and award fuch annual rent, to be paid and payable by the faid commiflioners and their fucceflbrs, to the inheritor or inheritors, owner or owners of the faid ground, as they /hall deem reafonable out of the fund provided by this ait; and every fuch perfon having fuch determinable intereft, (hall upon payment of fuch fum fo awarded, make and execute proper conveyances thereof to the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, and their fuc-cefTors, to and for the ufes and purpofes of this a&; provided, that no inhabitant or proprietor of any houfe or ground in faid fquare /hall be capable of ferving on faid

And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That when fuch jury /hall have aflefled and awarded the annual rent to be paid and payable by the faid commif-fioners, out of the funds provided by this ail, the owner or owners, inheritor or inheritors of the faid ground, /hall duly make and execute to the faid commiflioners, one or

Juries may

Demife or demife* to he executed as herein.

more

•	'	D

Googl-

The thirty f/f Tear of George III.	3*9

more demife or demifes of the faid ground within the faid fquare, for the term of one hundred and forty-feven years, from the firft day of May next, at and under the rent fo to be afTefied and awarded by fuch jury, and fuch taxes, charges, and impofitions as fuch ground may be fubjed to.

XV.	And to prevent all doubts concerning the number of Houfe*, &e. feet contained in the front of the houfes or grounds around rated a» herein, the faid fquare; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That the faid houfes and grounds (hall be rated and pay according to the number of feet and parts of feet refpedively Hated oppofite to each in the fchedulc hereunto annexed, and that the fame.be deemed and taken to be the menfura-tion of fuch houfes and grounds within the meaning of this aft, unlefs fome mateiial error (hall hereafter appear therein, in which cafe the fame lhall be finally redified by the faid commiftioners, or any five or more of them; and that the fame and the fchedule hereunto annexed, (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public ad, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other persons whatsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- A&ionstofce faid. That if any a&ioh (hall be commenced again!! the faid commenced as commiffioners, or any of them, or again!! any perfon em- crc,n* ployed by them, or ading under their authority in the pre-

miles, for or by reafon of any ad, matter or thing done in purfuance of or by authority of this ad, that fuch adtion /hall not be maintainable unlefs the fame lhall be commenced within three calendar months next after fuch caufe of action (hall have accrued ; and further that it lhall be lawful for the defendant or defendants in fuch adion or adions to plead the general ilfue, and give the fpccial matter in evidence.

XVII.	And whereas there is no area funk at the gable end of the houfe, marked No. 1, in the faid fquare, and it is doubted whether as the laws now (land the owner of the faid houle hath a right to rail in the walle ground lying between the footh-path and the faid gable end, or the dead wall behind the laid houfe, or to ered any projedion upon the faid ground : and whereas it is fit and reafonable that individuals fhould be accommodated where no inconvenience can arife to others or to the public; be it enaded by the

authority aforefaid. That it lhall be lawful for the owner of The owner nf the faid houfe to fink an area at the gable end thereof, or to the houfe. No. rail in, inclofe, and occupy the faid wafte ground, and to ered a porch or projedion thereon, any law or ftatutc now in being to the contrary notwithllanding.

XVIII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained No encroach-(hall be conftrucd to authorize any encroachment upon the mcuf torbe nu<*e

r . ou the foot*

foot path.

A. D.

1791-Chap. 45.

Digitized by

Google



TA# drrtpftfl ¥*** *f Georgfc- m:

A. R f#6t path of lower MciTiMi-Strt^t^ bat that' the foot ptf|

1,791. outfide ©F foch inclofure ©r psoprclion ftraH be of ad 45^ bxadth with the icft of' thje foot path o£ the faid ftrcct*

SCHEDULE of the	houfes	and	ground	irotof

Merrion-Square* specifying by whom inhabited, opcopied or taken, hi&or herrepresentatives orafltgns, as allq the mmibef of feet and parti of fett cajftain$d in their fe> ▼ml fronts tefpedfchccly;

N*

i: Robert Day* efquire* a The Rev. Archdeacon Thomas Haftings*

3	Sir Samuel Bradftreet, baronet,

4	• Right Hon. Lady Maflareeu,

5	The Hon and Rev. John Pomerdy*

6. Nicholas YPdtby, efquije,

£ Henry Wettenra, efquire,

R The Right Hjww Theophfluft Jones,

9‘Amos StretteS, efqdire,

M> Thomas Twigg, cfquire*

1.1 Mrs. Moore Coote,

Right Hon. WilHam Btowntow,

1	j The Rcvd. Dudley Charles Ryder, r 14? I’he Revd Dean Ryder,

If Mrs. —	  Fitzgerald*

16	Robert A fh worth, cfquire,,

17	Gedrge Hatton, efqmre.

Colonel Montifbrd Longficid*

19 Lady Elizabeth Tynte,

%Q Sir Frederick Flood, baronet,

21 The Hob. General Stopford,

2	2 The Right Hon. Richard, Longfield,

25 Henry Cope, cfqnirC,

24	John Wolfe, efquife,

25	rrhe Right Hon. Lord YHc. DcVcfci, ifi William Downes, cfquire,

27 The Right Hon. Lord Callao*

2	8 Rowland Bateman, efquire,	•*

29	William Gore, cfquire, *

30	Hie Right Hon. Lord Lifford*

The Right Hon. Lord Lauda if.

The Marquis of Antrim*

James Bond, cfquire,

Edward Kent, efquire,

Humphry Bidler, efquire*

James Farrell, cfquire* • t

Bset. Whei,

**	a
2&	0
30	Q
4S	Qt
3°	a
30	0
3°	0
3Z	0
3»	o'
3®	a 1
4°	0
6 8	s
30	G‘
3°	a
30	Q
26	0
25	*
28	a
28	0
28	0
28	<*
3<>	0
30	0
30	Ct
3»	0
35	o'
35	0
*9	o’
»9	a
*9	0
3®	0 .
84	d '
35	0
3°	Q-
3°	a'
z9	0
Robert	

Digitized by Google

The thirty	tc

Hubert Dceyr efqpire,

Charles Henry Cootc, efquire,. Edward Kent, efquire, 1	*>

Mr. Nicholas Le Favre, #•

Mr- James Mcr Mahon,

Mr. George Kent,

Cbriftopher Deey, efqyire, * Mr* James Doyle, * -The Right Hop* Lord Fit z william, Mri Joiq>h Sandwith,

Mr. Hall Lamb, - c Mr. John Smith, -	*•

Mr. Crabriel Whiftlcr,

Mr. Peter £oe, -	•

Mr. James Doyle, - t Mr. Humphry Worthington, GuftavUs rfumc, efquire,

Mr. John Connell, ' *•	^

Mx^8. Earbery, Widow,	*

The Hon. Thomas* Knox,.	*

Peter Holmes, efquire,

Francis Hely Hutchinfon, efquire. The Hon tV^r- Jufyice Hcnp,

Mrs. Forde, Wido.w,

'The Hight Hon. Lord Allen,.

m

F#«t lidiu	A* a.
28 <v	*7W«
» 30 0	
• 17 6 • 103 6* - X03 6 - I03	
- 140 0.  39.0  * 80 0. - 66 x>.	
56 O' 56 0 * 90 0 • 56 0 - 56 0 #4 0. 136 c 152 0	
27;  38* O, • 27 o> 39-0  • . 31; 0;.	
30 <5  39 0	

XIX* And whereas;by an aft pafled iathe.thirtieth year	^

of his prefent Majefty*? reign, entitled, • dn ad for. further	3.

amending an adt entitled, dn 4$ for continuing, and amending r an ad pajfitd in the tweptyfecond year, pf Ins prefect Mayeflft reign,. entiled, •/* aft for the improvement of the city if £)&b+r fin, by pushing wide and convenientfafages through the faulty and for regulating the, coal trade thereof and for other purpofet { it is ena&ed, that as often as there, (hall .on any twenty^ fourth day- of Jupe, or twenty-fourth day. of December, after the ye^r one thousand feven hundredand ninety, her any furplus pr exceeding? pf the duty in the- faid a& men*. tioned, after payment of the.intereft bn the the*debenture* * to be ifljued in purfuance of the^ faid aS, and all eXpeaces' <* that might accrue in ,the exccutipn.of the ads therein jnea*^ tiopedy and of -the faid 4^1,-or authorized by the -famey amounting to one thoufand poupds, fuch furplos entanytbf •• the faid days is to berapplied to the pay ment of the faiAde~ bentures,,vin $he manner in the?Jaid afl mentionedtuand o: whereas & may be expedient ,to .vary the manner of jdqfttt»<a taining the? debenture: which from time to t*me are~requirv

33*	thirtyfirji	Tear of George III.

A. IX	ed by the laid aft to be paid; be It enafted, That fo often

1791.	as there (hall be any furplus of the (aid duty by the faid a6k

applicable to the payment of the (aid debentures, it (hall ftirplos of and may be lawful for the commifiionerS in the faid aft then-cited a^ma be	from time to time to apply the fame in difeharge of

applied at here- the faid debentures, either in the manner prescribed by the in.	faid	aft,	or, if the^ (hall deem it more expedient for.the

publick good, to difcharge fuch debentures in regular numerical order, beginning with number one, and proceeding in regular fucccffion until all the faid debentures (hall be paid off and difeharged, any thing in the laid aft to the contrary notwithilanding,

CHAP. XLVI.

An AS for fettling and preferring a Public Obfervatory ami Mufeum in the City of Armagh, for ever.

An obfervm-tery and mufeum built by the primate, and ao acres laid out for the keeper, dec.

WHEREAS the mod reverend father in God, Richard lord archbiihop of Armagh, primate and metropolitan of all Ireland* out of his generous inclinations to the good of this kingdom, and for the encouragement of the liberal arts and fciences, very lately at his own coft and charges erefted and built fuch obfervatory and mufeum and laid out for the prefent twenty acres in or near the faid city of Armagh, intended as an endowment for the keeper of the faid obfervatory and mufeum, and his fuccefiors for ever; which faid twenty acres are the eftate of the fee of Armagh, and are now in the polTeflion of the reverend doctor James Archibald Hamilton, lately nominated and appointed keeper of the faid obfervatory and mufeum: And whereas the faid Richard lord arch-bifhop of Armagh, in^ tending that the keeper of the faid obfervatory and mufeum (hould be under the government and vifitation of the primate for the time being, the reverend the dean of Armagh for the time being, and certain other perfons herein after named, and their fuccefiors, who by an aft of parliament made in this kingdom in the thirteenth and fourteen years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, were at the petition of the faid Richard lord archbiihop of Armagh, incorporated for the better regulation of the public library of Armagh, then alfo lately erefted at the cods of the faid Richard lord arch-bi(hop of Armagh, and for the prefervation of the funds thereof: And whereas the faid Richard lord archbiihop of Armagh, did by a certain indenture, bearing date the fifth day of April laily fo far as in him lay, velt

1

Digitized by

Google"

The thlrtj-firjl Tear of George III.	$35

the faid obfervatory and raufeum, and the faid twenty acres A. D. of land, and an aftrtonomical and philofophical apparatus, 179I* intended by the faid lord arch*bi(hop to be depofited in and Chap. 46. bellowed upon the faid obfervatory and mufeum, in the go-▼emors and guardians of the faid public library, upon trulls fimdar for the regulation and prefervation of the faid obfer-▼atory and mufeum, to thvife with which they are invefted by the faid adl of parliament, with refpe& to the faid public library, and all things depofited therein ; and the faid lord arch-bilhop did Ihortly after the execution of the faid lafl mentioned deed, nominate and appoint the reverend do&or James Archibald Hamilton, the firft keeper of the faid obfervatory and mufeum : And whereas the faid Richard lord arch-bilhop of Armagh, doth intend further to endow the faid obfervatory and mufeum with lands in fee firaplc ; and as it may be doubtful whether fuch gift can be valid without a licenfe to alien the fame in mortmain, at the fuit therefore of the faid Richard lord arch-bilhop of Armagh, and to remove the faid doubt and all others which migh arife for want of an incorporation of the governors and guardians of the faid obfervatory and mufeum, as well as thofe of the faid public library, be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and,by the authority of the lame. That the faid obfervatory and mufeum, and the	°J^r*

fabricks thereof, and the ground on which they Hand, and ycfteJinthe all appurtenances to the fame, and the faid twenty acres of archbilhop, Ac. land, and the faid aftronomical and philofophical apparatus forthatime of the faid lord arch-bilhop of Armagh when lodged there-in, and alfo all other aftronomical inftruments, optical glafles, and natural or other curiofities, as {ball be given and placed therein by the faid lord arch-bifhop of Armagh, or any other perfon or perfons, bodies politic or corporate, and all other things of what kind ox nature foever which (hall at any time from thenceforth be given or difpofed of, whether perfonally or by deed or will, to the ufeof the faid obfervatory or mufeum, or to the office of the keeper thereof, be veiled in the arch-bifhop of Armagh for the time being, the reverend the dean of Armagh, and the other* members of (he chapter of Armagh,, and their fucceflbrs feverally for the time being for ever in trull, and to and for the refpe<Slive ufes and purpofes herein before mentioned, to be intended concerning the fame refpeftivcly, to the ufe of the faid obfervatory and mufeum, and the keeper thereof for ever, and to fuch other ufes, intents and purpofes as (hall be declared, or appointed by the perfon and perfous giving, graining, and deviling the fame, and to no other ufe

"	or

Digitized by L,ooQle

JJf	The	ihtriyrfif/l Yearif &eorge TIT.

or irttemt or purpdfe whatfc&Ver, dtid that the Tame '(ball ft* main, continue, and be in the fatd trtMaes ittd their ftic-eefTors for ever unalienable attd without their befog capable of forfeiting, fefliog, incumbering or otlierwife cbTpdfittg of the fame, (otherwife than as herein. after mentis tied) the faid houfe fo founded by the find Richard lord arcb-bifhop of Armagh, as an obfervntory and mufetitn, and the IhiS tw enty acres Of kind in the feid irfty df Artnagh* ta and remain free from all manner of tixes mrpofed, 6t hereafter to be impofed by a6t of parliament, dicept ibt fome fhall be charged exprefsly and by name* any law* ufage or cuftom to the contrary thereof in *njp ifrife Uotwitb* Handing.

________ II. And for the better prefervatioA of tfce fatd dbferva-

$c, lor the time tory and mufeum, with their and evefy df thtir kppurte-being, incorpo- nances, and every matter and thing therein to be depOflted, am* for making the fame more ufefid to the public, be ft vcrtHMsof thc°* for‘^cr cnaft-ed by the authority afortdaid. That the lord ujufeuin.	arch-bithop	of	Armagh for they me being, the reverend t\St

dean of Armagh for the tim* being, together With tire other members of the chapter for the time being, feverally fotf ever, be created a corporation or body politic, for the pur-poles contained herein only, and he appointed governor* and guardians of the faid obfeivatory and mufeum fo lately built, and in part founded by Richard lord arch-bifiiop of Armagh \ and that the goveruors and guardians be authorised to eleCl two perfons to be joined with them in the aforefaid truft, as governors and guardians of the faid ob* fervatory and mufeum, and upon the death or refigriation of any fuch elected governors or guardians, from time to time to ck& other fit perfem or perfons to be governors or guardians in their room, and that the faid governors and guardians for the time being, in their own names and deferipti-ons ns aforefaid, as well as by the title of governors and guardians of the obfervatory and mufeum, erc&ed by Richard lord arch-bi/hop of Armagh, (hall have power, and be authorized, empowered and enabled to accept, take and receive all fuch gifts, grants, and legacies as aforefaid, and, that they fhall have a capacity to take from the faid Richard lord arch-bifhop of Armagh, and from any other perfon or perfons, bodies politic or corporate, by deed or will, or teftamentary difpofition, lands, tenements or hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly valnc of three hundred pounds, and to (land and be feized and poflefled thereof for ever, to the ufes and under the trufts aforefaid, and be capable to fite for the fame in any court of law or equity, the ilatute of mortmain, and all other laws, ibtutes, ufages or cuftomt Ip the contrary in any wife notwith Handing $ and that they z	the

A, D. '*79*.

Gup. 4 6.

Archbiftion

Digitized by

Yeofqf George IJL

tire laud ^o^cmpTs ur jguardians, or apy three or Tpopeof *hep* U»c »rch4?ifhop of Armagh, for the tipac being, being prefect Wiof that number, but m cafe of *hU beiqg jfick, or abfent out <>f this Jtiogdom, or during the 'sf the faid fee, th^t then any tfive *pr more pf th$ (aid gj> yeruarB or guardians {ball have power authority, apd\>t anthomed to tneet together from time to time, and #s often is there (hull be occauon, to oondder of *mi to make ft^h ceaTo«rable rules and orders for the better government 33ft tnaaagemcifc of the faid dbfervntory and inafeugi, and the aftronomcr and keeper thereof_for the time Wing, as they fhaH thirik oeoeflary and convenient s to which rules autf -prdersmadeas afocefarid, the ^ftronomer for the tixn^bdpgs Jffiall for ever be fubject, and (hall from time to time obferve, on pain of being fidpeuded from the fa id office or employ -tnent, and from the -income, profits and lodgings thereunto belonging, at and during the jpleafure of the faid governors and guardians.

JH-	Further	tna&ed	bT	the authoAty albit*

Ciid, That %n cafe the fard astronomer and freeper of -the mufeum fhaH continue obilinnte fevea days after his being fufpepded ms uforefaid, and will not obferve the orders, rules and direftforts of the faid governors and guardians, tliatthen <md in foch cafe the faid governors and guardians, or uuy fire or more of them, the arda-bilhop of Armagh* for the time being, beipg prefect and of that clumber, (hall have power and be authorired to meet together* nnd to deprive and remove tfte faid uftronomer of and from the faid office or employment, and to take from him the income, profits lodgings to the faid office belonging, from the time of bis continuing and being declared obit hinte as •aforeihid ; and tolfo that another aftrooomcr and keeper of the faid obferva-tory and mufeem be nominated and appointed, in like manner as if the faid afteoaomer fo deprived or removed was naturally dead.

* IV. And be k further Cnadted by the authority afore-taid, That the nomination and appointment of an aftrono-imer and keepot of the (aid obfervatory and mafeiim, upon a Vacancy of the faid office, now filled by the faid doftor James Archibald Hamilton, and of his fucceffor and fuccef-fors from time to time, fo often as there (hall be occafion, upon the death of fuch aftronomer and keeper of the faid obfervatory and mufeura for the time being, or upoft the Surrender or forfeiture or other avoidance of the faid office, be vetted in the arch bi/hop of Armagh for the time being, Und that the perfop fo nominated and appointed, and none other fhali be a(lronomer or keeper of the faid obfervatorjr and m*ifewm for the time being, and hold that office during bis good behaviour, and be iutrtlci to the lodgings and apart

Aftroitfnio* continuing obw ttinatc *7 d*ys, govern*** nn<y remove him.

of aftrom>tiMrr Vrft d in the archbifimp.

menta

Digitized by

Google

$3<5

A. D. 179*. Chap. 46.

Otth to I* take*.

ArchMftiop, may a4miuiucr oath.

Governors may charge things be ft owed to the obferva-tory.

Governors, &c. as herein, to vifit the observatory every year.

The thirtyfirft Tear of George III.

merits in (aid houfe, allotted for the keeper of the {aid oh* fervatory and mufeum, and to the faid twenty acres of land# and to fuch falary as may be allowed to the office out of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, with which the faid otv fervatory or mufeum (hall hereafter be endowed as aforefaid ; provided the faid aftronomer and keeper of the faid mufenzn fotobe appointed, (hall the nett meeting of the governors 01 guardians fucceeding fuch his appointment, produce a certificate from the aftronomer royal of England for the time being, of his due qualification for the faid office, which certificate (hall be entered in the regiftry of the corporation ; and if fuch certificate is not produced at the firft meeting of the corportion fubfequent to fuch nomination, the appointment (hall be void and of none effeft, and fhall alfo before his admiffion give to governors and guardians fccurity to tlie value of five hundred pounds by recognizance, with two fufficient fecurities, that none of the fcveral particulars already given or bellowed, or hereafter to be given and bellowed on the faid obfervatory or mufeum, or cither of them, (hall be loft or otherwife embezzled, and (hall alfo take the oath following, videlicet.

/ A. B. do /wear, that I will ufe my utntoft care and en* deavour to preferse all and every of the particular! matters and things which have been already given and bellowed, or which bereajter during my time in office /hall be given or id beftowed to or on the obfervatory and mufeum, erected by Rich* ard lord archbi/bop of Armagh, and that I will net wittingly or willingly fujfer any of the faid particulars during my continuance in the office of aftronomer and keeper of the faid #4-fervatory and mufeum, to be lent abroad, given away, or embezzled, or be in any wife damnified through my fault.

80 help me God.

Which faid oath the arch-bifhop of Armagh for the time being, or in cafe of his being ahfent or fick, or of the va* cancy of that fee, any two or more of the faid governors or guardians (hall be authorized and empowered to adminif-ter and to tender the fame.

V.	Provided always, That it may be lawful for the (aid governors and guardians, or any three or more of them, to change any of the particular matters or things beftowed or hereafter to be beftowed or given to the faid obfervatory or mufeum, or either of them, any thing contained herein t& the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the (aid governors or guardians, or any three or more of them, whereof the arch-bifhop of Armagh, unlefs

1	fiok

Digitized by

Google

The tJtirtytftfL Tear of Gcorgc-lfl.

ssr.

fick <jr out of the kingdom, or that the faid fee (had )($>-	AiT D.\

pen to he vacant, (hall always be one, and in cafe of fubh* 1791*

abfence or ficknefe that one of the governors aforefaid, whom, Chap. 46. '

the aijph-bifhop (hall unde* his hand and archiepifcopal Teal r

appoint to be prefent and of that number, (hall on the da^t

preceding, or next after the vihtation of Arqaagh, perfon-

ally vifit every year the faid obfervatory and mufeum duly

and refpeftively, and infped the date «md,condition of the

fame, and of every thing therein contained, and at fuch

their vihtation make fuch rules and orders, and gfve fuch

direftions concerning the fame, as to them, or the majors.

part of them, (hallfeem neceffary and convenient.

VII.	Provided always, That fuch rules and regulations Rules and for the government of the faid obfervatory or mufeum, or regulations not either of them, or the aftronomer and keeper thereof, contryy to the which have been already made or (hall be hereafter made by ^^^nlMered* indrument or inftruxncnts, under the hand andfeal of the as tending rules* aforefaid Richard lord arch-bifhop of Armagh, and which ' Vl .

are not or lhah not be contrary to the true intent and mean# ing of this aft, (hall be considered as (landing rules of the . faid obfervatory and mufeum refpeftively, until altered or ' repealed by the joint fufL ages of two-thirds of the whole corporation affembled together, the aich-bifhop of Armagh for the time being, being prefent at the faid meeting or viiitation.

VIII.	And whereas it is neceffary that ths faid governors or guardians (hould have due notice of the time and place ‘ for their meeting, to execute the truft repo fed in them by this aft, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That the arch-bifhop of Armagh for the time being, or in Two days

cafe of his abfence or negleft, that then any two of the notice of meet*

faid governors or guardians be direfted to give due notice, big to be fent

and to fend fumraons to -each of the faid governors and ******

guardians, .of the time and place intended for the meeting

of the faid governors and guardians for the purpofes afore*

faid, two days at lead before the time of fucii meeting *

faring neverthelcls to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors,

and hiving to all other pci ion and perfons, bodies politic

and corporate, their heirs, executors, adminidrators and

fucceffors, other than the faid Richard lord arch-bifhop of

Armagh, and hie executors, adminidrators and fucceffors, -

all fuch right, title, or intered as they or any of them ^

had, or may or might have in to or in any wife con#

cerning the premifes herein before mentioned, or any parfc\

parcel, or particular thereof, intended to be iavelled in the

aforefaid trudees feverally, for the refpeftive ufes, intents

and purpofes before mentioned, as if this aft had never been

made.

Voi. 1X1	Y	IX.	And

Y

v

JjS The tUrtj-jirfiYear «/G«orjre III.

A. D. tt. And fee it ena&ed by the Authority xforidaid, Thit 179r. this1 a& fhull be deemed, taken, and allowed in all courts within this kingdom, as a public ad, and that as fneh all lipobkid^ jiidges (haU take notice thereof^ without fpecially pktdis^ the fame*

C tt A P. jCLVtt.

Ah Ab Is enable the fevered Grdnd Junes within the Province of Munflcr, at their AJJvces^ to prefect competent Sums of Money for the Repair of Trackways along neroigahle Rivers wifhht their refpeftive Counties y and alfo to enable tie Grand Jury of the County cf Kilddre, to ehcrcdfe the Salary of the \County Treafurer.

tremble;

O/ifid jiffies in fhc province «»f Mnnftrrroay pr^fent fufricient fum* to tyake I *od 6r repair * lb we-piths of track-way 3.

5-1 per aim. «jt the county rvafurer.

WHEREAS it will mtfch fcontribifte to the eafe and convenience of navigating the rivers of this king-ddm, cm whifch boats have been accuflomed heretofore to bn towed by horfes, that the towe-paths and track-ways belonging fo the fztt'ne. Should be kept inr fufficienr repair : be it ena&ed by the king's mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and coment of the lords fpiritftal and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled* artd by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twentieth da^ of frfareh, one thoufand feveh hundred and fttocty-onc, it (hall ftad may be lawful fbr the fevefel grand juric3 within the province of blunder, at the fpring or Turn-mer afTiz^s irt ea'ch year, to prefent fuch firms of money oh their refpe&ftrc baronies in* which fuch trackways arc fituate* (liall and may be fufficient to make good or repair of widen fueft toWe-^pathi and frack-wiys within the faid re-fpbdivc Counties 5 the faid towe-paths to be of the full breadth of fifteen feet at the leaft, and faid prefcrrtfflents to fee made, and faid fnamey to be levied, mifed, and accounted for, under the fatne regulations and reflricffons, as monies to he levied and raifed for the rocking or repairing of roads pur brant to the laws rfow in being' in this kingdom ; provided that nothing in this a& {hall be conftrued to extend to the repairing the track-ways of canals, or of riteis whet con tolls arc paid ot payable to corporate companies.

II.	And he it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That tl^ grand jury of the county of Kildare, may prefent a furn not exceeding fifty pounds per annnm% as a falary for flie treafurer of tic faid county of Kildare.

CHAP.

The tbiriyfirjl Tear of George HI. ' C H A P. XLVIII.

jin A& for the Divi/ton of certain Baronies of gretU Extent in the Counties of Donegal and Meath.

WHEREAS the county of Donegal is of great Freaptblo*

extent, and divided only into five baronies; and	*

whereas it will tend greatly to the better and more equal difpofal of the public money, and eafe of the public cefa,	N

that the laid baronies fhouM be fubdivided :, and whereas the barony of Boylagh and Banagh, one of the (aid baronies^ con frits > of the pariihes of Enver, l^illymard, Killaghtee,

Glenn, Kilcar, Killybeggs, Enifchiel, Lettermacaward, and Temple Croan, which are rated in the county books, in the proportion of three (hillings and five pence for every twenty (hillings levied off the county at large : be it enadfc-ed by the King's moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afferabled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the fummer afc After fammer (ize«, which (hall be held for the (aid county, in tne year affixes 1791, thq one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, the pariihesof Enver, Killymard, Killaghtee, Killybeggs, except that	£*00%

part hereafter excepted, Glenn, Kilcarr, and fo much of the parifh of Enifchiel, as lies fouth of the river Onea, and weft of the river Aontakcr, (hall be to all intents and purposes a diftindt barony, and be called and known by the name of the barony of Banagh, and be rated by the trea-furer of the county in the apportioning of all money presented tp be raifed on the county at Urge, at the rate of two (hillings and three pence in the pound, and no more, and the remaining part of the faid barony confifting of the parifhes of Templecroan, Lettermacaward, that part of Enifchiel, lying north of the river Onea, and call of the river Aontaker; together with a fmall portion of Killybeggs, e*ft-ward of the Aontakdr, and the town lands of Cam and Stra-na crofs, (hall be to all intents and purpofes a diftindt barony, and be called ahd known by the name of the barony of Boylagh, and (hall be rated by the treafurer of the faid county in apportioning of all public money prefented off the county at large, at the rate of one (hilling and two pence in the pound, and no more, and of the faid money fo apportioned on the faid barony of Boylagh, the parifh of Templecroan (hall pay two-fix tbs, and the parifh of Lettermacaward one-fix th, and no more.

Y 2

II. And

*4*

A . D.

„ W'

©“P-. 48*-'

G. juric* may divide my other baronies in laid, eo. as herein.

Obfervirg the fame phapcv

tWns.

»

Sneh portion deemed an entire barony.

Tbe lands herein thall be, deemedanrntirc barony, and called upper SUne, ice.

TV	George HI*,

II.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the grand jurie* of the (aid county may at any affixes, within three years from the firft of May, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, divide by presentment any other of the faid baronies, and afeertain the limits of the fame, and what payifhes or portion of pariffiet (hall belong to each of (aid baronies fo to be divided.

III.	Provided always, That in applotting and apportioning fuoh money as (hall be prefented to be levied on the (aid divided baronies, the fame proportion or rate (hall be maintained between the faid baronies lo divided and the other ba* tonics and the county at large, as was kept and maintained between the faid divided baronies before the divifion thereof, $nd the (aid other baronies and tbe couhty at large before Such divifion thereof.

IV.	And be it enaAed, That fuch half barony or portion of barony fo divided, (hall from the time of fuch presentment be deemed one entire barony.

V.	And whereas the barony of Slane in the county of Meath, is very extenfive, and rated in the county books at twenty-one thounfand one hundred and fix acres, and it is expedient for the eafe and more equal difpofal of the public cefs, that it (hould be divided into two baronies, to be called and known by tbe name of the baronies of upper and lower Slane; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the Summer affizes, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, the feveral town lands in the parifhes of Slane, Gornonftown, Stackallen, Douth, Moricknewtownf Grange-geath, and fuch part of the lordfhip of Mellefont, as lies South and wed of the Mattock river, and which Several lands are bounded on tbe South by the river Boyne, on the. cad by the Mattock river, on the north by the Mattock river and the parhh of Killary, and on the weft by the baronies of Navan and Moy gall ion, (hall be Separated from the reft of the barony of Slane, and (hall be deemed one entire barony, and (hall be called the barony of upper Slane, and (hall be rated by the treafurer of the county of Meath in all prefentments for public money, as containing nine thoufand one hundred and fixty-three acres, and no more, anl that the parifhes of Killary* Mitchelftown, Jvoghbrackam Siddcn, Iuuifhmote, Dromconrath, Ardagh, part of ’Enuifkeen parifh, and part of Nobber parifh, being the remainder of the fijid barony, (hall be deemed an entire barony, and (hall be called the barony of lower Slane, and irvtll be rated by the treafurer of the county rof Meath is. all piefen* nients of public money, as containing eleven thousand nine huudred and forty three acres, and no more.

'	CHAP.

Digitized by

Google

The ihirtyfhfi Teat if George IU,

C It A P. XLIX,

yfo Ad to emend On Ad fbr improving the Ttirkfike Road Amended 3* leading from Ktimegad to Athlone.	0*3	•

- "o

HE RE AS bj no act made in the thirtieth year of his prefent Majcfty’s reign, entitled, /in ad for	*

the improving and repairing the turnpike road leading from dCmugad to Athlone, h w amongft other things ena&cd.

That the commiffioners therein named, (hoidd affemblc at twelve o’clock at noon, on the firft Monday after^affing thp feid a6l, at the parliament houfe in the city of -Dublin, dr ill cafe of failure thereof, on tbd Mondays rieii'fucceeding,

*ndfhould atfuch meeting ek<ft by ballot from^airiongft the

commiffioners in faidaft n**med, five perfons to be direftpra

for the fupenntending and managing the faid ^bad, and fbi

tranfa&itfg all buGncfs relative to the feme ; "A qd* whereas the

feid meeting was not had, and the repair of-the feid rooA

has not been made, to the great inconyenktic* of iraVeDers:

be it therefore ena&ed by the king’s moll excellent Majefty

by and with the advice and coqfcnt of 'the lbrds fpiritugl

arid tempo!al, and commons in this prtfent parliament

aflembled, and by the authority of the famt. That the

time for the meeting of the feid commiffioners for the "put- Meeting of

pofes in the feid a £t he, arid the fame is hereby enlarged to commiffioners

the fecopd Monday after pafflng of this act ; or in cafe of

failure thereof, on die Moriday next fucceedirig* arid fo from

Monday to Monday, until a fufficient number (hall bepitS

fent,and that feid meeting (hall be held in the town of KH-

beggari, in the county of AVefimearh.

II.	And be it further hereby ena&ed, That Laurence Perfonthertim Harman Harman, efquirc, Thomas Shuttle Clibborncs*, named to*bc efquire, reverend Joftiua Clibborne* James CHbborne*, ef- commiffioners quire, ' George Robin fen,' Rofs Tully, JofepH Rdbinfoij,	v

George Meacbam the elder, James Ruffd, George Morlfey,

John Robins, Edward WhiteGeldv. and Maurice O’Connor, , be added to the commiffioners in thq feid *6^ riiamed^ tt qarry thq feid a^ into Cxequrioriv *	~	*	‘ 1 ; - !

‘■■v	•	...	•	•	•	•	1	'	1	-VA‘ *	•' V	\

,	_	f	tt. «i <. v ^	\fc* *\\ '“Cft

yi V*. •	'	*	.	*	‘	*	^	.;'V^ -V *•*«

.	.-v	-	>	'	*.	/•	'. «5:	V. \	\	-\*

•	..	•	:	*■->	*.	•-	-	-V

.	// V-G^Alk

Digitized by ^ooQle

54*	The	ikkiy-Jrfi	Tear	ofQ&tgp	III,

A> D*'\

«W*

An ASfor Mending the fever A Layis for making, widening, r- .	and repairing the floeul from Dublin to Mtdfihide, and the

AmSBom $1	other Iload* leading to Dublin over Bally bough-Bridge, in

.3. c. 37.	the faid A8s mentioned, «/z^ ybr enabling the Tru/iHi for

the fold purpqfei, to borrow further Same of Money for fufb Purpofcs, and for continuing the faid A8s for a Jur* ther T*rm> and for improving the Neighbourhood of Bally* bough-Bridge*

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in tb$ twenty-fixth year of his Majcfty’s reign, entitled* An a8 for making, widening, apd repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to fdaladdix apd for erc&tng turn* pike gates, anpreceiving tolls thcesopt* in^id of the barony pm fentmeuts, pad for appoinli ng truftees for carrying the f$sd pur* pg/es iffy exertion, feveral perfons therein named are ap* pointed truftec^for amending* keeping in repair, and orderr f *ng the foad l^ding frpm the pity pf JDublin to Makhide, an the copnty of Publin, and fpr putting in execution the feveral powers apd authorities contained in the faid aft 5 and by another afl pf parliament* inade ifi the twenty.eighth year of his Majp(ly?s reign* entitled* An aS for extending 19 the roads' leading tp Dublin% through Raherty and Qhntarf, "> the provifiofUi of an p8 ppjfedia the twentyfxtb year of hut f&ayflft reignT entitled* An a& for Jppkwg* widening and repairing the road leading from^uhfrrpo Mala hide, and for ereding jurnpike gptesf apd receiving split thereout, in aid of the barony preferments, and for Off Voting trujkesfor carrying , , M ? 7 fie faid furpofef into execution, dqd olfo for gontihftigg the f Ind •	•	.	all,	other perfons therein named, together withMhq tuitfec*

named : in the faid firit ^ mentioned aft, art appointed tru£

-	tees	for ^mending, keeping in repair, and ordmug the faid

feveprl roads,' pnd for putting onto execution the feveral powers and $pthori ties fnentio'ued and-contained in the faid feveral aft8yyidJ>y another aft of. parliament, made/io the twenty-ninth year of bis j^Iajcfty^s. reign, entitled, - An a8 for rendering fnore effeflual two feveral aos, rne faffed in the twenty fixth year *f his Mnjejlfs reign, entitled, An a3 for making, wideningand repairing the road leading from the cky of Dublin to Mala hide, • and jqr ere Sing turnpike gates, and receiving toll thereout, ’in Ad of the barony prefentmenti, and |	for	appointing trvjlees for carrying the fold purpofes into execu-

tion } and the other pejfed in the twenty-eighth year of his Ma-

Digitized by

Google

The thirty flrfl Tear of Gporge lit,

roya* entitled* An aB for extending to the road* leading from Dublin, through Rabeny and Clontarfe, the prpvi/icys df ft* aB pajftd i$ the twenty fixtb year of his Mayfly's reign, entitled* An aB fqr rqalpng, •widening, and repairing the rqud Itadlng front Qubit* tq ftfalahide, and for ereBing turnpike gates ^ and receiving tqllf thereout, i* aid of the barmy prefect* meats a and for appointing tnflees for carrying the fold purpofts into execution, and qlfq for continuing the fold at*, other pc*.

• ions therein namcfl are appointed trullees {or putting the laid afts into execution ; §r\d whereas frqm there being roads nearly parallel, which Jead irorp Qublin to Howdi, and fro ip Raheny to Raldpyie, doubts have been entertained as to the fituation pr ljnc of tfye roads, to which the powers qf the (aid truftee* by tl\e faid laft recited aft extended, and thefefo^e, ap4 ¥ it 'yas intended that the roads from Hpwth aju( Baldoyie* fp put lender the direction of the faid tn\{lpe6 as aforefai‘4, ihauld be the. njads. which are tl^e rtiortell and moil convenient to, periorui gravelling from the faid towns to Duhhn, a^d returning, and fuch as the faid truAecs rnay be a^le moft effectually to amend and l^eep in repair, it i«t neceflarymore accurately to deferibe the fame* and it is reasonable that t^e leading from the town of Cloqtarfr, through the. iheds qf Ckmtarfa to Crablakc, fyould, he amended, kept in repair, ordered by tl\e (aid truftee* in, lil^e manner, as the other toads in the faid aft mentioned i wherefore bp it raided by the

‘Kxagts mqft excel^n* Maje{ly# by and? with the ^iyictrand

fqfcat of the lords fpiruu4 and temporal, and oainraons in it prefent parliament affenabUd and by. the authority of c fame, 'That the roads leading from Bal^loyle «nd Howth ' refpeftivcly, by the Warren-Houic, through the to>vu of Raheny, and from thence through' the tlack-Qiian y tb' ^^rc^iquld Dublin, fo for as the Circular-Road, on Summer-Hill, tai* tiufte«, as get her with the road ieadtpg fawn the. faid rpadajt KiHeften^ ^«ein, through the town of Clonta^fe, and faon^ thenice along the*

North-Strand to ^Uybpugh-fridge are, and the lame art.

.hereby declared to be. the rp^ls, which together with the. find road from Dublin. (o, Nfalakicfc, are by the laid lall mentjoped aft* put under the dir$ftian and management of thejfwd troftee* and th*fc tuc. laid, toum^s, and fcicht perion and? pprfoqp; as (hall from time to time be npmmat*ll, trullees, in purfujtnc? of the powers in the; faid afti contained, flisll alfa amend keep'm.	apdfojder tfee isid

road leading from the.town of Clonujfe, through thefheda^ of Clontarfe, to thg$ pvt thereof oppofite; thf dwelling* houfe called Crabjake oi; Crabjougb^ and have and exercifc the fame powers and authorities in rdpeft,of the faid, roatk •a by the laid afts Qt.fttbcc of them;tbcy arc .OTpowertd .to

cxercifcji

Digitized by v^ooQle

1344

7'At: tbiriy-foj! Tear cf George III:

A. I>•

1791. Chap. 50.

exerdfc, in refpe£t of any of the roads mentioned in \fae laid a£h, or either of them.

II. And whereas by thefaid a€t patted in the twenty-

eighth year of his Majefty’s reign, the (aid truftees were impoweredto affign over the toll and duties by the (aid ads granted at a fecuritv for anv fum or (inns of money, not ex-

;ing .the roads in the faid ad mentioned; and by the faid ad ,the (aid i trufteea are required yearly, and every yey after -the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven bundled an^ ninety, until the whole thereof (hoidd be paid, to fet out 1 part of the tolls and duties to be received by them,* pot left than one hundred pounds, and yearly and every •year to pay off and difeharge at kail one hundred pounds rdf fiich fum, until the whole theteof (hall be repaid; and -ht.purfusnce of the faid power, federal fopis amounting to ipne thoufand pounds, were borrowed and feenred, as by the • {aid a& is preferibed: and whereas'by the laid a<ft patted in thetwenty-ninth year of his Majefty’s reign,, the faid tru£ tee* were empowered to borrow any further fum or fums, .not exceeding in the- whole one thoufand pounds, and to fc--cure the fame in like, manner, and with foch intcreft as in the faid former aft is mentioned, with refped to tb* fum of: one thoufand pounds therein mentioned, and by the faid faff mentioned ad it- was epa&ed. That in cafe the faid fum of, one thoufand potlnds, to be raifed in purfuance thereof, or .any ?part thereof, (hould not be discharged before the twenty-fifth day of MafcH, one thoufand eight’ hundred,' the find I[rn -truftces (hould yearly, and evetyyedr after the faid twenty-, ifth day of March, until the whole of the faid fum fboukl . be paid, fet apart out of the tolls and duty to he received 11 'f hyfthfcni, not lefs than one hundred pounds, and ihould' yeady, and every year, pay off and difcl.arge at lead one diundred pounds of fuch fum, with the iatereft thereof, until: the whole thereof, fhoukj he paid t and whereas* federal ifukns amounting to one thoufand,pounds, have been borrowed and fecured in pprfuanc* of the faid faft recited aA ; dtsid whereat fa. order to enable the faid truffoe) more fpetdily* -‘tywiden and mal^e the faid roads,' it t^l^be necclfary to pro--wde other means for payment aiddifeharge of the faid fa-* ’ver^prmcipalffams of one thoufand pounds each, by autho-fri?ing thy fajd!truttces tohotrowat-iid^reft, Upon the fe-•ointy of the faid totfs and duties, futfbfums as may be ne-Ceflkry to repay * or replace the faid two fums of one thousand pounds eih, ad&to authorial the faid truftteano bor-«rbw over and-abqveJ the faid two fume of one -tftoufand

v by them borrowed with intereft, not exceeding lawful in-tereft, to be applied and ddpoled of in widening and mak-

Truftee* map

Ttk thirtxJfy ¥*ar 6/ Qeorge 1H.

poundsteich* faek farther Turn or fums not^exctcdfcg feut thoufand pounds, as may be ncctflhry for.the purpdfes of the fatd ads; be it .therefore further enaded, That the trustees and fuch perfoa and perfong as hare been, and (hajl be focceffively nominated purfuant to the powers in the (aid	.

q&s, truftees fn the dead of any iniftce or truftees dying dr refigning, or any five or mon? of them may, and they aih ^ beratfed, ut hereby impowered by writing under their hands and feals? intereft thenpia, from time to time, to afiign over the (aid tolls and duties* as *• herein, a fecurity for foph fum and fumsof money,. withJntfereft for the fame, not exceeding the rate of fix pounds bf the hud-dred by the year, to be paid half-yearly, as they may think nccefivy, to raife and borrow for the purpofe of replacing or paying off the faid federal fums heretofore borrowed, ana fo required to be p^id off as aforefaid, amounting to twp thousand pounds; and alfo at anytime or times in like manner, to raife and ’borrow at fuch intereft as aforefaid* fuch further fum op fums of moneys riot exceeding the-fum of four thoufand pounds, as may be neceflary to enable^the fakj truftees to carry the purpofes of the find ads ipto Execution, and from time to time, upon payment of the faid fums of two thoufimd pounds, and four thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, to Paife and borrow in like manner, and at iuch intereft as aforefaid, fuch fum and fums as may be^ne-ceffary to replace the fum or Turns which (hall haye been fb paid off; provided that no greater principal fum than the fum Of fix thoufand pounds, (hall be outftanding, due arid owing at any one tithe. ' 1 r ^	*	*•-

IiL And be it enaded, That in eyery debenture or writ- „ T ^ ^ ing to be finned by the (aid truftees for fccuring every fum to pay^t°l0 be borrowed in purfuance of this ad, the time when the prin- Jpecified in de-cipal money thereby Tecured (hall be agreed to be repaid, (hall bentures. be fpecifiedin fuch debenture or writing.

IV. And be it enaded, That the feveral rates, duties ToUfta and folfa,1 by any of the faid recited ads granted, rind by fcavitj, this rid continued, (hall ftand a fecurity in the firft place for as herein, the payment of the intereft of the feveral principal fums heretofore borrowed, and to be borrowed, m purfuance of this ad, and of ffleh principal, fums, as the fame (hall reJpedivdy become payable j and that the treafurer for the time being, of the faid duties and tolls, fhall not pay any (urn of money, or ,.	.	*

any order of the faid truftees, whereby be (hall be unrible out of the duties and tolls paid into his hands, to difcbarge the faid intereft and principal fums, at the times1 they ate, or ihail be refpedively payable. ^	*	■

* Vi. And be it enaded. That if the intereft whiclrfliriH be when intereft payable on any debenture or debentures, to be iffoid in pur- dueondeben-

fuance-of thisaQ, or any <part thereof, 4haU be autoii& by ture*fhall re-X* .*'■	■■	f	main ai daftun*

The tUrtyrfift George ffL

As Jit the tretfurer, to the iud truftees, for the (pace of tmat* x^9 u qnc day* after any: of the days appointed, tor the paynett Chap* 50. th^retrf, the lord highcbamcellor, lord keeper, or commif-fioUcrvofthe great fcal may, and is, and try hereby required, poM, chancellor upon a petition qf one or mare of the holders of the laid de-rosy appoint a bentures, jkating the intereft due upon fuch debenture or de-JwS'cordcr a»	ben tuned* and when the fame became due, and op an affidavit

Jhu^in.	verifyfjrig tfe* truth of bach petition, appoint a receiver tore-

peiye froj^i the gate-keeper? on the faid roads, and cqpedtan of the faid rates, tolls aqd duiicfy lb much of the (aid rates, Jtplls and duties, as (pay be nec^ffary to pay fuch mtersnf and the receivers ftps, and all realbnable cofU attending fiich application, or may pike fuch order fojr fequeftering the faid duties and tolls, or fuch monies 'as may be in the band* of the faid tyeafuyey for the payment thereof, at to juftice (hall appertain; and fuch receiver (hall have fpeh and the like aid of the fajd court, to enable him to enforce pigment of a fufficiency of fu(d> tolls, rates and duties fot the purpofc^fbrefajd, as is ufuauy £tycu to receivers by the bid pourt appointed for the receiving thj$ rents of mortgaged « dates.

Truftesstopay VI. And be it further ena&ed. That the f|k| troftea offfumspor- (ball, as foon as they conveniently can, pay off and dif-rowed as herein. cjjargc fuch part of the faid fomo of one thousand pounds eapht heretofore borrowed upon* and fecured by debentures jffqed in pqrfoance of the faid recited afts, as novy remains due ^nd unpaid \ and that whenever the iaid truftees (hall be minded to pay off all, or any of the fame, they (hall girt notice by advertlfemeot ip the Dublin Gazette, (sgned^uH 1	ihe name of their treatyrer, qf t^eip intention to pay the

(aipet aind all intereft accrued thereon, and of the day when tliq fame (hall fee paid off* which day (hall not he; kfs than twenty-one days from the day of publiflijng fuch adyntife* irient, .and th* feveral holders of fuch debenture* ft*all refpec-r’	tiv^lyr^ceiyufrpmt^e	(aid	tryafuryr,	>11	principal and interdl

then due 99 tlie fame, and the intereft payable by virtue of fuch debentures’ffiall ceafe, from t^e day by fuch notice appointed for thy payment thereof, and upon payment thereof the faid debentures (hall be delivered to the (aid treafurer, who (ball 4$hcel the fame/

Truftces may VUt And be it ena&ed, That it (ball and may he lawful leaf* tolls as * for the faid tryftw, or any $ve or more of them, by indny herein.	turc tfftder their hands gnd leak, to leafeqr demiic and fet

the toU^ $tnd duties by the f^l'afts granted, and by this a& continued, for any term or time they (had think proper,

, . ,	at tjie beft and higheft rent which can be got For tAe fame,

from a folvent tenant or tenants, and fuch leafc or demife Ml be goc^d ^ valid in l^w, aepord^g to th* tenor or ' *	f	im^

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thwtyfbjl.Ttar of George HI.



import thereofrefpeftively; provided that no fruftee fhall execute Any fuch leafe or demife, unlef* it {hall appear by an entry in the book of the proceedings of the faid truftees for the time bang, kept by their cWk, that at a meeting of not lefs than five of the truftees on one of their ufual days of meeting, fucji leafe or demife waS agreed to be made,

•nor (hall any aft or thing which by any of the faid afts is to be performed of executed by more thfcn one truftce be performed ot Executed, nnlcfs it fhallr appear in manner afore-faid, that the fame had been agreed to at fuch meeting as aforefaid,

VIII; And be it further entfted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid truftees at any public meetiug to be held by them, faiiiy."’ " to appoint and allow to be paid to the furveyors of the faid wads, a yearly falary, not-exceeding the rate of four pounds for each mile of fuch of the faid roads, as £uch furveyors rc-fpeftively (hall be appointed to fuperintend, any thing in any formet aft to the contrary notwithftanding, and fuch falary lhall be paid quarterly.	•	•	’

IX.	And be it cnafted, That all powers aqd authorities which by any of the faid recited afts* were appointed to be	°*

executed by any overfeer or overfeers of the- faid roads, with all powrps, (hall and may be executed by the fevend furveyors of the See. faid roads refpeftively, as fully to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch furveyors bad been exprefsly named to execute the fame



X. And be it further cnafted, That if any perfon (hall feour, deepen, widen, or fjll'upany ditch 6r drain on the	^cnaIrL°n1

fide of any of the faid roads, without the confcnt or direc,	IThtrcu),

tion of the fajd truftees, or any three or more of them, or (hall omit to febur or deepen any ditch or drain, cbmtnuni-eating with any ditch on any of the faid roads, fo as to give full liberty to the tdker to pafs away,' or to pale in or fence any funken void fpacC at the- fide of adv of the faid roads, within ten days after notice {hall be given to him or her, by any furveyor of the faid roads fo to do’refpeftively, or (hall eaufe any water to be drawn into or upon any of the fait) roads, by making any dfain br pafiage* for fuch wafer into; the fame,* or (hall permit or fuller the free paflage of the water on any fide of the faid .roads to be obftrufted, by making or having any wayorpaflhge from any of the faid road^ into theiands adjoining^ or to Any hbufe without a	4r

£ipe,' fewer, or gullet* underneath it, of (hall fteep or dry any ft ax, or. burn any bricks or lime, or ^ny weeds or vegetables,: or permit the fame rto be Heeped,: dried, or burned ©Vi his ob bhr landj within 'fifty feet of the fide of any of thfe faid roads, or (hall lay any dirt, dung, turf, ftraw, rubbiib, oe'flouring of any ditches Qr drains** or any lioue^

- **	t	•	*	•	•	-	•	tkrir*L£i.

Digitized by

Google

$49	Thrtbirtj-Jiift Ttar George HI.

A. D.	bridkt, timber, fluid* day or Kmc,	oh any of the find road*,

.f ygi.	without fuch confent sr wforefaid,	or (hall leave on any of the

£hap- 50c	(aid chads, or permit to be left on the fame oppdfitt to or near

V^V"***^	any houfe or offices, any plow or	harrow, or any cart, car,

or dray, or other carnage, without the horfe or horfes, or other beafl or beads being hameffed thereto, itnfefa filch carnage (hall have been accidentally broken down there, or ihall fpread aoy linen, bbnket, orudoth for Winnowing corn, or fhall hang linen or woollen on any tree, hedge, or line, within fifty feet of the fide of any of the faid roads, or fhall have any dead bead or (kin, or permit to be fkinned the carcafe of any bead, on any of tht faid roads, or within fifty feet thereof, unfef* in a houfe 6r yard enclofed with walls* or (hall beat any . flax, or win no W any corn, or erect any may-pole, mayvbo(h, or figir-pofl, on any road* •or fhall keep; any cur*dog, tnadiff, or bull-dog, withour baring a block - of wood of the weight of five pounds at the haft, fattened to the neck of every fuch dog, at any hoiifc within fifty yards of any of the (aid roods, or fhall f	ferape	aity	Of the faid roads, or cut away any fods or turf

on the fide of any fuch roads, 6r fhall dig-aoy pit within ten feet of: the fide of any of fuch roads, or take away any earth, day, ft ones, gravel, or other matter from, or which (hall have been feraped or gathered on any of the faid roads, without the confent or diredion of the laid truftees, or XUy three or more of them, or fhall lead or drive any car or carriage with timber, boards, or iron, laid acroft, fo as that cither end fhall project beyond the wheels and fidcs of the carriage, or fhall draw any timber or millftone along any part of a publick road, without being fopported by wheels from touching the fame, every perfon (o offending^ (hall, upon convi&ioa by his or her confeffion, or by the evidence of one credible witnefs, upon oath before the faid truftees, or any three or more of them, or before any justice of the peace, or upon the view of any fuch juftice* forfeit a fom not exceeding ten (hillings for every fuch offence ; and it fhall be lawful for fuch truftees or juftice re-fpe&ivdy, to levy the fame by difbrfs of the goods and chattels of the offender, by warrant under their or his hands, and Teals, or hand and feal, and fuch diftrefs maybe foWK nnlefs the fame (hall be redeemed within fix days.

' ^Yiuftees may XI. And be it further enafted. That it (hall be lawful fiU ur fcour for any of the faid truftees to fill any ditch or drain which ditches, Stc. fhall be fcoured, deepened, or widened, or to fqour any drains which have been filed on the fide of any of the (aid toads without fuch direction or confent as aforefeid, and to fcour or deepen any ditch or drain leading from any of the fait) roads which fhall be omkte^to fpoured ordeepeUcd^ and to pale in or fence any void funken fpace at the fide oK

s	m

Digitized by v^ooQle

Vbe thfrft&ft Xw *f Ceorge III.

any of - theiaid joadf which fbajl he omitted to be.p>s4ed in* or fenced after fuch notice refpe&ively as aforefaid, and. to fyl up any fuch pit as aforefaid, or remove any way or paf-fage from, any road into any adjoining land, or to any houfe which may obftrud the free paflkge of the water, and to re-make the fame by building a gutter, fewer, or arch therein, and to. remove, any bricks, or limekiln, weeds or vegetables .which (hall be burning, or any flax which (hall be deeped or drying within fifty feet of any of the laid roads, and to pull down any fign-pofl, may-pole, or may-bu(h, and pull down, or fill up, and level any wall, drain, or ditch, which (hall be built or made, or begun to be made, built, • or made coutrary to this ad, and to remove the carcafe of any dead bead which (hall remain in or near any of the faid roads contrary to this ad; and that it (hall be lawful for the faid trudees, or any three or more of them, by a warrant under their hands aiijd feals, or any judice of the peace, by warrant under his hapd and (eal, to levy the expcncc of fo doing, bydidrcfeof the goods of the offender, or of the occupier of the lands whereon fuch way, paffage, drain, or pit (hall be, and fuch didrefa may be fold, unlefs the fame (hall be redeemed within fix, days, and one (hilling in the pound paid for the expence and trouble of taking fuch dif-trefs; and if any overplus (hall after fuch (ale remain* the fame (hall, be paid to the owner, deducing the (aid one (hilling in the pound.

XII.	And be it ena&ed, That all dirt, dung, tarf,

draw, rubbifh, or fcouring, and aU clay, (tones, bricks,	rwi

(and, or lime which (hall b,e laid on any of the faid roads forfeited, a# without fuch confent as afbrefaid, (hall be and is hereby de- herein, dared to be forfeited, and it (hall be lawful for any perfon whatfoever to take, carry away, and convert the fame to his or her own ufc, as alfo all com which (hall be laid on any of the faid roads for the purpofe of being winnowed, or dial! he winnowipg thereon, or r^piain there after being winnowed thereon, together with the (acks or winnowing cloilis whereon the fame may happen to be, and all flax which (hall be beating on any of the faid roads, or be laid their for the purpofe of being beaten, and any may-pole or may-hnfh which (hall be cre&ed on any of the faid «oads, without the let, fuit, trouble or hinderance of any perfon what-' faever.

XIII.	And be it ena&ed. That for every cart-load of

dung, rubbifh, or fcouring, which (hall have been laid on nuiiances as any of the fai4 ro^ds within thirty feet of the center there- herein, of, contrary to the provifions of this a&, and which (bail be drawn away by the dirc&ion of any of the faid furvey-. ora after having regained there for twenty-four hours, the

pCl U 418

Digitized by Google

Curs, &«. may be killed, if kept contrary to this*#.

Any Twine or beaft may be impounded.

Vo huUdingi tebcereAed, a* herein.

The ttirijfrjl Year of Ctorgt IIL

perfons by whom, or by whofe order the film* was laid there, upon convi&ion before the-faid truftees, or any three or more of them, or any juftice of tlie peace by tlic oath of one credible witnefs, fhall forfeit the fum of one fhilling for every day the fame (hall remain there, to be levied in manner afore fatd.

XIV.	And be it ena£ted, That it (hall be lawful for any juftice of the peace, or any of the faid truftees, to kill any cur-dog, maftiffj or bull-dog, which (hall be kept near any of the faid roads contrary to the provifions of thin ad, or to ifttie his warrant to order any luch dog to be killed, and the faid furveyors fftay feize Or kill any fuch dog which (hall be kept near any of the faid roads contrary to this a$, and if any perfon wbatfocter (hall be annoyed in palling or re-pafling any of the faid roads, by any cur-dog, mattffF, cr bull-dog, which (hall be kept near any of the (aid roads cot-trary to the provifions of this adfc, it (hall be lawful for fuch perfon to kill fuch cur-dog, maftiff, or bull-dog, without being filed or profecuted for fo doing*

XV.	And be it further enadted, That it (hall be lawful for any juftice of the peace, or fuch perfon or perfont as fhaH be by him authorized thereto, or for any of the kid furveyors to feize and impound any fwine or bead which fhall be found wandering upon any of the faid roads, and in cafe the fum of five (hillings, and the expences of impounding and detaining the fame (hall not be paid within four days after impounding the fame, to caufe fuch fwine or beaft to be fold, and out of the money arifing from the fale thereof, to pay fuch penalty, and the expences of impounding, keeping, and felling the fame, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, notice of fuch fale, in which fhall be inferted the name of the panfh and town-land where fuch fwine or beaft was feized, being fir ft pofted up in fomc con-fpicuous place in the pari(h where feized, and at the place where impotinded forty-eight hours at the leaft before the time of fale.

XVI.	And be if further enacted, That no houfe, or part of a houfe, or building, except a toll-houfe, (hall be built or ere&cd within fifteen feet of any of the faid roads or of any foot-path adjoining any of the (aid' roads, unlefs by the authority of the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, fignified in writing uuder their hands ; and if any houfe or building, or part of a houfe or building withing fuch dif-tance, (hall be erefted or built, or begun to be ere&ed or built, or the building thereof proceeded in, it (hall be lawful for the faid truftees, or any five or mote of them, by warrant under their hands, to- order that the fame be pulled

dows

Digitized by LiOOQie

Penalty on

Tie thiriy-firfi Tear of George I1L

down, and to caufe the fame to be pulled down accordingly* and removed*

XVII.	And be It mrtbeV tnafted, That if any perfpn fhall willfully deftroy, pull up, deface, or injure any mile-ftone, mile-poft, or direction-poll, or any bridge, battle- ^ ment, wall, railing, mound, or fence on any ot the faid l$unn*g^lc roads-erefted of repaifed bjr presentment or other wife, or1 ^ fhall wilfully break, deface, pull down, or take away any

llones out of any fuch battlement, wall, mound, or fence, or out of any bridge, pipe, arch, or gullet, built or repaired by prefentment, or otherwife, fuch perfon (hall M every fuch offence, upon conviftion by confefiion, or by evidence upon the oath of any credible witnefs before any three or more of the faid truftees, or before any juft ice of the peace, or upon the view of fdchjuftice, forfeit fuch fum not exceeding five pounds, as fuch truftees, orjuftice of the peace fhall think fit, the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale in manner aforefaid of the goods of the offenders, by warrant under the hands and Seals of luch truftees, or hand and Seal of fuch juftice.

XVIII.	And be it enaded, That if any offence againft .. -

any of the faid afts, or this aft, fhall be committed by any	c^!!

perfon riding Or driving any car or cart, for which any penalty muted a»herein, is inflifted on fuch rider or driver, fuch penalty fhall and may

be IcviecNmt of the goods and chattels of the owner of fuch horfe, car, or cart, in the fame manner as by the faid afts, the fame may be levied from the perfon riding or driving the feme* |

XIX.	.And be it ertafted, That the faid truftees fhall and -

may by their clerk fummon any perfon or perfons to appear fumJ^cvi?1*^ before them to give evidence touching any complaint againft deuce* and <*f-any perfon charged with any offence againft any of the faid fender*, afts, or this aft, and alfo in manner aforefaid fummon any perfon charged with any fuch offence to appear before them, and in cafe any perfon fummoned to give evidence fhall not appear, or appearing, fhall refufe to take oath, or to give evidence, every' fuch perfon fhall i:i fuch cafe forfeit fuch fum as the truftees, or any three or more of them fhall think proper, not exceeding the fum of twenty (hillings; and if any perfon fummoned to anfwj:r any charge againft him, fhall not appear, the faid truftees, or any three or more of them, fhall and may notwithftanding, hear and determine the matter of fuch charge, and proceed in the fame manner as if fuch perfon had appeared.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That the fatd truftees

may purchase or take at an annual vent, any pieces of Truftees nity-ground which they may deem necdVary, adjoining any of ftorin^ke ** the faid roads, for the purpofc of ftoring and laying up

gravel,

in

Digitized by

Dogle

Trufbes may take ptrel, fitc. at herein.

When corn-pen Cation (hall DC claimed, to be determined

T%g thirtyjfc/t Tear of Gcoige JIL

gravel* Hones, or other materials for mending and keeping in repair fuch roads; provided that no greater quantity of ground at any one ])lace than oi\e rood (hall be fo purchafcd or taken, and that the faid truflees (hall, out of any monies in their hands, from time to time, pay the purchafe monies or rents of fuch pieces of ground,

XXL And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful for any furveyor of any of the (aid roads, to cany away any loofe gravel or ftones thrown up by the tide, on any beach or fea fhore; and to raife and carry away any gravel, (tones, fand, or other materials, from any beach or iea-fhore, fuch beach not being a bulwark or defence to any town, profitable land, or publick road adjoining the fame 9 and if any doubt (hall ariie whether any gravel, (loaes, or other materials on any beach or fea fhore, be neceflary as a bulwark or defence to any town, profitable land, or publick road, it (hall and ra?y be lawful for any neighbouring juftice of the peace, to fummon three fubflantial landholders in the neighbourhood, to view and determine In the premifes upon oath, and if the majority of them (hall find and award in writing, under their hands, that fuch gravel. Hones, or other materials, are not neceflary as a bulwark or defence to any town, profitable land, or publick road, it (hall be lawful for any furveyor of any of the faid roads, to draw away and make ufe of fuch gravel, Hones, and other materials.

XXII. And in cafe any compcnfation (hall be claimed by any owner or occupier of auy land, or other place for damage by digging, raifing, and carrying away gravel, Hones, (and, or other materials for any of the faid roads; be it enabled, That at the requell of either the furveyor or occupier of the land from whence any fuch materials have been, or are to be drawn, to any neighbouring juHice of the peace, fuch juftice (hall ifliie a fummons to the parties to come before him, with a fubHantial landholder as their arbitrators, at a certain time to be therein named, and fuch juftice naming a third fuch landlord, he (hall fwear them to be appraizers to determine what is a reafonablc price to be paid per fcore of cartloads or carloads of fuch gravel, fand, Hones, or other materials, according to the value or rent of the ground or other place, and likewife to determine area* fonable fum for any damage that may be done by paffing through the land, in order to draw fuch gravel, fand, Hones, or other material, and the award of fuch three per-fons, or any two of them, in writing under their hands, and the fum to be fo awarded (hail be final, and may be recovered from the furveyor by civil bill, at the quarter feffion* of the county.	*

-	XXIII.	And

Digitized by v^ooQle

Advantageous

The thirtyfrjl Tear of George III.

.. .XXIII. And whereas it will be of advantage to the pub* lick, and a great improvement to that part of the neigh-* hour hood of Dublin, if part of that fptice of ground overflowed by the fea at high water, laying eaftward of Bally-bough-Bridge, between the wall cnclofing the ground formerly taken in from the fea, called the North Lotts, and t0 cncl?ff ***? the weir wall on the North Strand, and which at low water la oflonfive to the inhabitants of the adjacent parts, were enclofed and taken in, and converted to ufeful and profitable purpofes, and the laid truftees by means thereof be able to make a new and more commodious Communication between the city of Dublin and the country, on the other fide of the faid bridge; ami in order to provide a fund towards defraying the expence of ericlofing the faid ground* arnd making a new communication with the country, it will be necefTary to veil the faid ground which fhall be between the new intended communication and Ballybough-Bridge, in the faid truftees : be it therefore enafted. That unlcfs, & claim fhall be made within fix months from the palling of this a&, by fome perfon or perfons, body br bodies politic or corporate, of fome title, eftate or property in, or to the laid ground, fuch claim to be made by notice to be publifhed in the Dublin Gazette, within the faid time, fo much of the faid ground as the faid truftees or any five or more of them, fhall judge neceflary and convenient to be endofed and walled in, or fo much thereof as fhall not be fo claimed , or if claimed, and a title thereto not eftablifhed in manner herein after mentioned* fhall be, and the fame is hereby vtft-fcd in the faid truftees and their fuccefTors and afiigns for ever for the purpofes aforefaid.

XXIV.	Provided always, That this a& fhall not extend A	^

to empower the faid truftees to enclofe the faid ground in water to be fuch manner as that a fufficient channel or paflage fhall not preferred.

be preserved* for conveying to the fea the water running under Ballybough-Bridge.

XXV.	And if it fhall appear that any perfon or pejTonS, bodies politic Or corporate, have any juft or lawful right to the faid ground, or Sny part or parts thereof: be it enadlcd,

That it fhall and may be lawful for all fuch perfotts, and pejfon*inte* bodies politick and corporate, guardians, truftees, execU-.fcftCft jn tors, and adminiflrators or others, whb are or fhall be ground* may feized, poflefied of, or interefted in the faid grbund, to trcat wit^ treat, contract, and agree with the faid truftees, or any five lccl* or more of them, for the fale and purchafe thereof, or bf their intereft therein, and to grant and convey the fame to the faid truftees; and all fates and conveyances fo to be made, fhall be valid to all intents and purpofes, and the grantors Vol. IX*	Z	therck

Digitized by

Google

to per&m nc-glctf t<J treat, &« trtftenmay proceed as herein*

Whm faid ground lhall he vetted mtruUccs they may grant, fee.

To continue in force a* herein.

A public a$

The thirty-jirjl Tear of George III.

therein (hall bf# and are hereby indemnified in refpeft of the fame.

XXVf. And be it enabled, That if any fuch perfbw or bodies fhall, upon fourteen days notice in writing ^iven to them by the clerk of the feid truftees, or left at their dweh lfng-boufe, or with the head officer of any\>ody politick or corporate, negleft or refufe to treat or agree for the pur-chafe of th{ (hid ground, or fuch part thereof as they are refpeftively inthled to, or fhaH not convey the fame to the find truftees, the faid truftees (half, and may proceed to ascertain the value thereof, by a jury oi juries, in fucb manner, in all refpefts as the ford^rriftees are authorized by the (aid aft, paffed in the twetety-eighth year of his Majefly’s Mfigu, Vo afeertain the value or recompence to be given for ground neceffary to be pnrehafed for widening the (aid lOadn, and fuch further proceedings (hall and may be pro-fecuted and had thereon, for the purpofe of veiling in the the faid truftees, the property of the faid ground, as by the faid Uft mentioned afrt is preferibed with refpeft to thi grounds which they are thereby authorifed to porchafe, at folly as if the fame were fpecifically pr.*fcrrbed in this aft ; and that the faid truftees, and aH others interefted, (hall hate on and by means of fuch proceedings, the feme benefits am) advantages, as by the faid aft are given, rcfpedmg the grounds thereby to be purchafed.

XXVII.	And be it enabled, That the feid truftees* or any uve or more of them, (hall and may from the time the faid gfound (haft be abfolutely veiled fn them* grant ?nd convey the fame to fuch perfon or perfons, and for fuch confideration or confidcrations as they (half think proper. Of * grant And demife the feme, in fuch manner, and at frich rents as they (haft think proper, and every grant, Itafe, or demife fo to be made, (hall be good and vaEd in. tli<? law, according to the tenor or import thereof.

XXVIII.	And be it enafttd, That the faid feveral recited acts, fo far as the feme are rot altered or varied by this aft, afnd this aft (hall continue for and during the term of forty years from the expiration oF the term mentioned in the faid a61 paffad in the twenty-eighth year of h»'s Majeftv's reign, and to th« end of the then next fcffion of parfia-merit.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled, That this aft fhatfl be deerhed, adjudged, and taken to be a public aft, and *e judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons, without fpecially pleading the fame.

4

The

7%i thMyfeetrid T)ia> ttf George lift

■	>■	<	—— . im

’jftie llurty-FecoHdt Year of CEOk&E lit.

its

A; D.

ttt a?, in.

An Ai to explain the *trtijh for which certain hc&orics Impropriate, and Tithes forfeited\ by Reafon of the Rebellion,	.

in this Kingdom in the Tear One thoufand Jin hundred ana 3*^3. ** eighty-eight, were conveyed to certain Trufees nominated by the feveral Sjfhops in tuhofe Diocefes fuch RcBories Impropriate, and Tithes ate Jituatcd.

WHi ed:

r H £ R E A 3 ly fcTCral deeds, indented and enroll? „ , ed in his btajeljy’s high court oFChaucery of thii Icingdopi, fir Cyril Wick* knight, Francis Annefley, John Baggs, John ‘Frenchard, John Iffiam, Henry Long* ford, James Hooper, efquires, John Cary, gentleman, lit Henry Shere, Jcni^ht, Thomas Harrifon, William Fellows^ and Thomas Rawlins, efquires, Surviving truftees of the efiatea forfeited in this kingdom, on account of the rebellion in the year one thoufand fix hundred and eighty-eight,. in purfuance of a power in them veiled for that purpofe, did at the nomination of certain archbilhpps and bilhops, bargain, fell, and align unto William Neave, one of her then Majefiy’s ferjeants at law ; Marmaduke Coghill, and Morlcy Saunders, do&ors of the civil laws, Samuel Dop-ping, John Ifrhcr, and Stephen Ludlow, of the city of Dublin, efquires, of the {bird part, feveral redories impropriate, with all and lingular the titbe9, oblations, obventi-ons, glebes, advowfona of vicarages thereunto feverally and mfpc&ively belonging or appertaining, or accepted, reputed, taken, ufed, letten, or enjoyed as part, parcel, or member of them, or any of them, forfeited by reafon of the firid rebellion, together with the profits thereof, from the facond day of November, one thoufand fix hundred pinety-niHe, in truft, that the profits thereof (hould be dif-pofodof, and employed from the faid fccond day of November,* one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-nine, for the fpace of twenty years thence next enfuing in rebuilding or repairing fuch pari(h churches within this kingdom, as the lorda jpUfces, lieutenant general, or other chief governor or go--	?£	this	kbgdoxa	for	the	time being, by and with the

Z 2	confeht

Preamble. 33 O. 3. C.4*.

Digitized by

Go9gle

j 6(	The	thirty-frond	Tear of George III.

A. D. confent and advice of the bifhop of each refpc&ive diocefe i **02. for the time being, fhonld dire&and appoint, and after the Chap. 12. expiration of the faid term of twenty years, for the perpe-tual augmentation of fuch fmall rhetorics and vicarages ia thja kingdom, as the lords judices or otlier chief governors of this kingdom, by any writing under their hands and Teals, x " with the confent 6f the bifhop of each refpe&ive diocefe, wherein any fuch augmentation fhould be made, fhould direct and appoint: 4nd whereas by an inilrument bearing date the nineteenth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and two, the then lords jufticts.and.chief governors of this kingdom, with the confent of the then feveral archbi-fhopsand bifhops of this kingdom, did appoint and dire&, that the feveral and refpe&ive fumar therein mentiofed, of the clear rents, iflues, and profits of the faid forfeited rectories impropriate, with the tithe*, oblations, obventions,

, glebes, advowfons of vitarages, fhould be applied to the huilding and, repairing of the feveral and refpedive churches ,	therein mentioned, in the feveral dioccfes of this kingdom ;

and did with the like confent, direct and appoint, that from and immediately after the expiration of the faid term of twenty years, the profits of all and every the faid forfeited rectories impropriate, with the tithes, oblations, obventi-tons** glebes advowfons of vicarages, and all other thing* thereunto federally and refpeftively belonging or appertaining, fhould be'difpofed of, and employed for the perpetual Augmentation of the feveral reftories and vicarages thereia "mentioned ; and whereas the faid forfeited re&ories impro-'priate, tithes, oblations, obvention*, glebes, advowfons of vicarages, lo veiled in the faid William Neave, Marmaduke ^Coghill, Morlcy Saunders, Samtfel Dopping, John Ufhc^, .and Stephen Ludlow, in trufV'for the purpofes aforefaid* having been by the faid laft reeijed inflrument, annexed to ' the feveral and ?efpe<flive redories and vicarages therein mentioned, for the perpetual* augmentation thereof, the ufes va J11 uft for which the faid forfeited re&ories impropriate, tithes, oblations, obventions, glebes, advowfons of vica^-sges, were veiled in the faid William Neave, Marmaduke CoghiU, Motley Saunders, Samuel Dopping, John Ufhcr, 'and Stephen,Ludlow, were after die expiration of the fakl twenty years, fully anfwered and accomplifhed ; wherefore be it declared.aud enabled by the King's mod excellent Mn-

*	jc fly, by and With the advice and*confent of the lords fpi-: ritual and temporal, and commons in this prelent Parlia-

*	ment affembled, and by the authority of the fame: and ‘ it is hereby declared anct ena&ed, that the feveral redone*

The reflarie* impropriate, with the tithes, oblations, obventions* glebCs* rm[fcpr;atc, ' advowiofil 'df vicarages, and. aH thing* th etc onto feveraly

with me tyti t*/	"	- **	and

\

s

Digitized by

Google

The thirty ficond Tear •/ George X1T.	35	'

and refpefiiVdy belonging or appertaining, directed and ap- A. D. pointed by the faid inltroment, of the nineteenth day of 1792* March, one thoufand feven hundred and two, to be annex- Chap. 12. ed, and bj the faid inflrument annexed to the fcveral re&o- C——/ riei aad vicarages therein mentioned, be deemed and taken deemed ap * to have been immediately from and after the expiration of the faid twenty years appendant, and (hall for ever coutiaufc rios.fcc. aa tp be appendant to the fcveral redories and vicarages, to bcicia. which the fame were refpedtively fo annexed, and to the advowians thereof refpeCtively, and that all rights, title, ufe, aod truft, which becarpe veiled in the faid William Neave, Marmaduke Coghill, Morley Saunders, Samuel Doppin^, John Ulher, Stephen Ludlow, and the furvivors aod farviyor of them, and their or any of their heirs, (hall-be deemed and taken to have ceafed and determined, to all intents and purpofes whatsoever, immediately from aod after the expiration-of the faid twenty years,

II.	t Provided always, and it is herchy declared' and cn- ^ot to afrc^ a£led, That nothing herein contained, (hall affcA the right the rght, title, or title to the advowlona or prefentation of, or to the feveral •» any,e»-rcdlories or vicarages, or any of them, to which the faid im- ^^in^named. propriate tithes, or any of them, are by the faid inftrument or their Uku annexed, favc and except fuch right, title, or claim, as by virtue of the trull repolcd as aforefaid, in the faid William Neave, Marmaduke Coghill, Morley Saunders, Samuel Dopping, John Ufhcr, and Stephen Ludlow, is, or may he claimed by their, or any of their heirs, which faid truft, and all right and title there under, are hereby declared to be fatisfied and determined, but the right of all perfons whatsoever, (favc as aforefaid,) to the advowfoas and prefentations of, and to all and every the faid fcveral rectories and vicar-age* (hall be, at*d remain to all intents and purpofes, in the like (late and condition as if this act had never been made, any thing herein contained tq the contrary ]n any wife uot-^ithftaxiding.

C H A P.

✓

. Digitized by CjOO^Ic ^

7he tfsirty-fecofid. Tear of Geprge JIIf.

GHAPf xm.

An AS to explain and amend on AS faffed fa the 7evenly-fiinth Tear of HU Majefy’s &eigny Entitled, An As for the Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation^ fo far only as refpeSs the Navigation from Belturbet, by Lough-Erne to the Sfa, and to conffitnte certain Pcrfont therein named, a Corporation for the rvrtofe of carrying on and completing /bid Navigation

- Recital *9 XlfTWEREAS by an lift of Parliament paflfed in thf G. 3. 33. 3.	twenty-ninth	year	of	the reign of his prefent Ma-

jefty, entitled, Ap aft for the promotion and encouragement if inland navigation, it was among other things enfi&ed, Thai debentures to the amount 6f five thpufapd one hundred pounds, bearing an intereft of four pounds per centum fer annum, fhould oe iffued to fuch petfons as then were or jfhould become undertakers for completing a navigable canal from Belturbet by Lough-Erne to tie fea, purfuant to their petition prefen ted to the houfe of commons in the then feflion of Parliament, ^nd that no fuch fubfcribers or undertakers refpeftively* as in the fqid a6t qf Parliament mentioned, fhoujd be eptitled to any fuch debenture, ot to any benefit whatsoever under tbe faiil aftj who fhould not have depofited with ^he governor ‘^nd company of the bank of '	Ireland,	one-tenth	part	of	their	refpcftjve fnbfcpptrons or

government fecuritics for fuch tenth-part, or any proportion of the fame, fuch fubfcriptions rcfpeftively, being double the fum for which fuch fubferiber* or undertakers refpec-tiyely were by the faid aft entitled to receive debentures, and that fuch depofites fhould be made by fuch fubfcribers or undertakers refpe&ively, withiq fix calendar months after the twenty-fourth day of June then next, fubjeft amongft other provisoes and conditions in the faid ^ft mentioned, to the forfeiture of one moiety of fuch depofite, or of fuch part thereof as fhould hot have been expended on faid work, within eighteen calendar months after fuc)i depofite fhould have been fo made,' to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors: and whereas, the undertakers for completing faid navigable canal, from Belturbet by Lougjr-prne to the fea, named in their faid petition prefented to the houfe of commons u afore fa id, have made their refpeftive depofites with tbe governor and company of the bank of Ireland, in conformity to faid in part recited aft. of Parliament, but from unfore-

35?

V D-

, The tbirtpficond Tear of George III*	$££

^ccn accidents, have been prevented from commtnchig the- A. D. vork; and whereas ft will be highly beneficial for tlvat part 1791. k>f the kingdom, tha* faid navigation fliould be completed Chap, i y on its original plan, be it cqa&ed by the King’s tnott ex-ecllent Majefty, by and with the advfce and con Tent of the lords fpiritnal and temporal, and commons in this p re font Parliament aflerpbled, and by the authority of the fame,

That m cafe the perfons who in faid feffiona of I'adinment, Pcrfmn \yha prefented the faid petition to the houfe of common., for aid pefenteda jatl-towards carrying on aqd completing faid work, or any of foll^'.comn "n* them by tbemfelves or jointly with others, fli.aH before the ]£r aiil,°coni]>ly-twenty-fourth day of June next enfuing the puiTing of this in* u« herein* ad, commence faid work, and Expend thereon the amount bt *i> itlcd of faid depoiite, and comply with, and perform the feveral ^a*‘ other terms and conditions in the laid recited act mentioned, they and their affigns ihall he entitled to, and have, receive, and enjoy all and every fuch aid, bounty, benefits, privileges, ana advantages, as they woukf have been entitled to, if they had complied with, and perfonued the terms and conditions in the faid ad in that behalf mentioned and contained.

II. And be it further ena&ed b.y the authpri.ty aforefaid, . Pcrfon* here That the right honourable William Willoughby, earl of for^T body po-Enniikillen, the right honourable Ralph eavlr of Rofs, the litink anacorpo-jigbt honourable John e^l of Eriii, the right honourable rate fur tarry William Conypgham, fir John Caldwell* baronet,. Kidney l,1£ op na'‘‘katJ-Townly Balfour, Wiliam Barton, Gorges Irwine, j!rw*{ne " Johndon, efquires, and the reverend dodor faint Geovgp^ j^fac.to thcTci, the perfons named in faid petition prefented to the houfig of commons, and their afitgds, and all fueh other p£rfpn$ as now have, or hereafter (hall have any (hare or fhares in the joint llock herein after mentioned, (hall be one body politic and corporate, in deed and in name, and have continuance for ever, for the purpofe of carrying on and completing faid navigation from Belturbct by Lough-Erne tt> the fea* and fo* the leaking fuch navigable cuts and off-, branches as thty fbjaU: think fit, by the name of the Lough-Erne and Bally fhartndn navigation company, and Ihall have perpetual fucceffidn, and 4 dot^rAori fea^ and by that nank; may foe and be fued,

HI. And be it further enaAed, That the capital,ftoefe of 15,300b cvs. the faid company Ihall be the fum of fifteen thbufand three phal,* as fietZC hundred pounds, that is to fay, the fum of five thoufond one ip* hundred pounds, granted by the aforefaid recited ad, and the fum of ten thoufand two hundred pounds, fobfenbed by the faid undertakers, purfuant to their faid petition pre-fcnted to the houfe of commons.

IV. And

Digitized by

Google

$6*

The thirty-Jccond Tear of George {II.

IV.	And be it further eni&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid company, by any aft or afts to be pailed at any general meeting or meetings of the faid company, to open any further fubferipcion or iubferiptions, and thereby to raife any further fum or fums of money which they (hall find Decenary for the purpbfe of carrying on and completing the faid work, which further fums when fubferibea* lhall be added to, and become a part of the |oint flock: of the faid company.

V.	And be furthe'r enaftedt That the faid company be., enjoy like poW- and are hereby jnvefkcd with, and that they (hall froopi

V	herein,	henceforth hold and erjoy all and every the like powers^

■	,	privileges; advantages arid authorities, in all things what-

ever/ for the purpole of carryingon iht faid navigation and off branches in manner aforefaid, as (ball at the clofe of this prefent feffion of parliament, be veiled in the corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland, ancj in the company of undertakers of the gf&nd* danal, and in the royal canal company, in as full and airfplc* manner, as if all and every the faid powers/ privileges, ad% vantages and authorities, and all and every covenant and clauie relating thereto, in any of the ftid ads contained/ wfcre enafted ip this hft, any thing herein to the contrary* jiotwithflanding'. * ?	v

Cpmmiffion-	And	be	it it enafted, That the faid company (hall be

m ofimpreft’ allowed by the cortimifiloners cf irtiprrfl accounts, as pm atcount* to al- of the expenditure which is to entitle faid company to the debentures authorised by the faid aft, of the twenty-ninth herein. 'year of Ac reign of his prefect Mayfly, to be iffued on the terms therein mentioned, the expences of procuring arid p-fQig this and the faid aft, and of any other aft relating to any other navigation or canal, in which faid company are, or may be concerned or iritcrefled, and a!«o of theit charier of incorporation, any buy to the contrary not-witbflanding '	'	1

perfon* fued	be li ^arthcr cnafted? That if any fate (ball be

luay plead the ?» commenced or profccuted againft any perfon or perform, general illuc.; for any thing which (hall be done in purfuance of the powers/ *	‘	privileges,	advantages, 'and authorities granted by this

aft, 1‘uch perfon may plead the general illue, and give thje fpccial matter in evidence, and that this aft lhall be deem-* td and taken to be a public aft,	**	^

Company miy rec< ive further fub-feriptiont, #rc.

Company to

a p.

Digitized by

Googk

*	T*

The thirty^econd Ttar of Qeprge III,

CHAP. XIV.

jfft A3 for granting tbt Sum of Five Thcifand Founds ft the Dubl.n, Society or (he Purpofes therein mentioned.

V. "^T TfTHEtCEAS by the thirteenth report of the com-V V mifiioners of impreft accounts, it appears that there Is an arrear of nearly feven thoufaqd pounds, due so the faid fociety, on the annual fubfciiptions of the members thereof, at the rate of two guineas per annum, and the laid arfear has lince encreafed ; bie it further enafted. That Anvars the fums fo in arrear (hall ant} may be fued for and reco- fukfcriprio® vered by civil bill, jn the name of the fccrctary or treafq-	rcc.®t.	‘

rer of the faid fociety, for its ufe, in the fame manner as	m	,

finy debt or demand may be fued for and recovered by civil bill ; provided that no appeal fhall be brought from any decree on any fuch civil bill, unlels the fame lhall be brought before the enfuing affixes or feffionsi of the peace, as the cafe m+y be.

VI.	Provided always. That if any perfon fo in arrear for What peHbot any fiixn.not exceeding fixteen guineas, (hall before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feyen hundred and ninety-two, pay to the faid fociety, the fum of fotfr^guineas; and if any perfon fo in arrear for more than fi^^en guw peas, (hall before the faid day, pay to the (aid fociety, one-fourth part of the arrear which (hall be due by him, every fuch payment (hall be deemed to be in fqll fatiifadtion of j^ll *arrear cue by every fuch perfon, and he fhaR be difeharged from all further demand on account thereof; or if any fuch perfon (hall 6t\ or before the Taid day, ,pay unto the faid fo-Viety the fum of twenty guineas, fuch* perfon (h ill be deemed a fubferiber for life, and be alfo difeharged from all ai*-rear, and from all further annual payment^

VII.	Arid be it further enabled. That all money which Topnwftft fhall'be (o paid, (hall be applied by the faid fociety, to-. wards the purchafe of a cabinet of mineralogy, and of models for the drawing fchool, arid the eftabhthment of a fcotanlc garden.

VIII- And be it further enatted. That all fums which Arrear*

(haH at any time after the paffing of this a& become due* or ^^«vcred hv be in arrear by any member of the faid fociety, on account	**

' 6f the annual fubfeription, (hall and may, from time to time, be fued for and recovered in like manner by civil bill 5 and that every member of the faid fociety, except a member for life, or an honorary member, who (hail not with, draw himielf tlierefrorh, by entering .with the fecretary thereof. * notice (igned by himfelf, of his withdraw* lg . him lei f, lhall be deemed to continue an annual fubferiber thereto, from the day of his admiffion; provided that no

""	xnembv.

tized by Google

Digitized

3«a

A* ». »79*-

77i/	tbirtyfte»nd	Ytqr*f Gwg, III.

member (ball be allowed (b to withdraw himfclf, ontil he (hall have paid all arrears due by him, and the treafurer (hall have certified to the fecretary his receipt theneuf.

CHAP. XV.

btalnmt'

nir* baveby diflarent sdi, bars iowfted with like paw ers as corporation for promoting tnlmnei

narration.

An A cl to explain and amend certain Laws /dative to Inland Navigations of this Kingdom*

^IITHEREAS under and virtue of fevera! afts of * * parliament heretofore made in this kingdom, the Company of undertakers of the grand canal and royal canal company, and other companies, and perfons who have re-fpe&ively undertaken the making and finilhing ot canals and inland navigations* have been inverted with the like powers, as by the feveral a&s of parliament theretofore made in this kingdom, relative to inland navigation, had been veiled in the corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland, for enabling them to fummon juries, as by the faid lart mentioned a61$ were di-reded, and it is found expedient to vary the faid powers; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, By and with the advice and content of the lord* fpirituaj and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That whenever it (hall hereafter happen, that it (hall be neceffary for the Company of undertakers of the grand canal, the royal canal company, and other companies, and perfons who have re-fpc&vely undertaken the making and finilhing of canals, dad inland navigations, or (hall hereafter lawfully undertake the fame, under and by virtue of any ad of parliament, or oharter to be granted by his Majefty, his heirs or faccejTors, (ha(l find it neceflary, or judge it expedient for any purpofes for which the faid corporation for promoting an inland navigation in Ireland, was heretofore, or the faid companies ana perfons, Qr any of them are now under, and by virtue of any of the faida&s of parliament empowered to caufe juries to be fummoned^ in all and every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch companies re. ipettively, by precept, warrant, Or inftrument in writing under their common feal, and for fuch perfons refpe&ivdy, by precept, warrant, or inrtrument in writing unejer their bands and feals, to be dire&ed to the (herift or (herifrs of the county, or county of a town or city* wherein fuch lands, houfes, tenements,or hereditaments, (hall befiioate, to command fo^li (hcrifF or (hcriffs to fummOn and retain, find fuch iherifF and (herifFs are hereby required1 to fummon and return at lead, thirty-fii able and	perfons.



TU thirtj-fecoud Year (^George. II I,

qualified according to the Laws aid ftatotes of this realm, to be returned for trials of iJjoes joined in his Majcfty’s courts at Dublin, and twelve at lead of which perfops (ballbe either juftices of the peace for fiich counties or counties of towns or cities refpe&ively, or perfons who (hall have ferved oo £ome grand jury of filch County, or county of town or city, to appear before fuch fheriif or fheriffs at fuch tipie and place, as by# Cuch precept, warrant, or inflru-ment in writing as afbrefaid, (hall be dire&ed or appointed, (of which time and place, fuch perfons fo fummoned, (hail have forty-eight hours previous noriqe, to be ferved as in fuch cafes ufual and required by law,) and ahb to return in fifties upon every perfon fo fummoned and returned, the fum of five pounds fttrling, at which time and place fuch fheriff or (heriffs, his or their under-fheriff, is and are hereby required to attend, and to call over the names of the feveral perfons fo fummoned, impanelled, and returned, and the firft three perfons who upon the ciliing over of the faid names, (hall there appear, and who (hall be then juf-tices of the peace, or (ball have been fummoned, and have ferved on grand juries as aforefaid, to whom no legal caufe of challenge to ferve as jurors on fuch inqueft would lie, (hall be commifiioners for prefiding at, and holding fuch enquiry or inquifition as by the adts now of force relating to fuch navigations pr canals are dire&ed, and the next twelve perfons who upon the calling over the names of the perfons fp fummoned, impanelled, and returned, who (hall there appear, and to whom no legal or jurt caufe of challenge (hall lie, (hall be the jury for aff. fling ar.d ascertaining what fums, compensation or recoinpenfelhaU be paid or given, to all and every perfon or perfons, bodies politic or corporate, for fpeh proportion of his, her, or their properly, as (hall be made ufe of for any of tjie ptirpofcs aforefaid, and for the damages which he, (he, or they may Attain by the making faid work* refpe&ively ; and in default of the appearance of a fuflicient number of the perfoos fummoned, impanelled, and returned, fuch theriff or ihc-riffs, his or their under-theriff, (hall return other honeft and indifferent men of the danders by, or that can be fpeedily procured to attend that fervke, to make up fuch jury to the number twelve, and all parties concerned may have their lawful challenge againrt any of the faid jury-men : and fuch commiffioners to be from time to time appointed under and by virtue of this aft, or any two of them (hall be inverted with, and ufe and exercife the like powers and authority for holding enquiries or inquifitions, and for ad-mioirtcring oaths to fuch jurymen, and witnefles and others, and for pronouncing and making judgments and decrees on the verdi&s of fuch juries, ana for aH other purpofes as by the faid adbof parliament, or any of them, were heretofore

3$* A. D.

*79*-

Chap, ig

Digitized by

Google

A. D.

1792. CHap. 15/

Perfeni —ho •all acl under this ad, in-dauajuhjtd.

All ct<jd1*

CK>, v .iua cion#, *cc. before this before or bjr conun^fionm

thirty fecond Tearaf George 111.

tefore veiled by law in the faid corporation, fof promotisg" and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland, or in the commiflioners by the laid lafl mentioned corporation appointed for the purposes aforefaid, or ary of them : and the judgments and decrees to be pronounced and made by them, fhail be fet down in writing under (he hands and feals of the commiflioners, who (hall pronounce and make the fame* and be preserved and kept in the like manner, and hare the like operation, force, a*d effect, a^d be earned into exe* cution in like manner as judgments and decrees of the cotn-miflioners heretofore appointed by the Odd corporation, fer promoting and carrying on. an inland navigation in Ireland ; and fuch Iheriff or fheriffs who (hall diiobey or negled fa obey fuch precept, warrant, or inftrument in writing to him or them directed, and fuch perfons as fhail be 1cm-moned, impanelled, and returned ag aforefaid, as fhail net duly attend upon fuch jury or juries, upon being fummoned as aforefaid, or at any lima to which any fuch enqui.y or inquifuion (ball be adjourned by fuch commiflioners, or any two of them, (hall be refpedively liab’e to the like flnrj for fuch offences as fuch ihetiff or (herfts, and per-ions fo fummoned would be liable to for the like offences, under and by virtue of an ad of parliament made in the thirtieth year of his prefent Majefty** reign, entitled, Aa act fer the better enabling the Royal Canal company, to complete the Royal Canal, from tie city of Dublin to Tat mcnlury, tn the river Shannon ; fuch fines to be ixnpoftd by fuch company or perfon as fhail duly make and ilfue fuch precept, warrant, or inffrument in writing as aforeiaid, and to be eftreated and levied in fuch manner as is in and by faid kill mentioned ad direded.

II.	And be it cnaded by the authority aforefaid, that this ad (hall be fufBcient to indemnify, as well the faid ccmmifffoncrs to be appointed in purfunnee of this ad, as the faid companies or perfons who ha\e undertaken, or (hall lawfully undertake fuch works as aforefaid ; and all pc Lns employed and authorised by them, agairft the owens o( the premises fo valued, their heirs, execute rs adroinillra-tors and cfligns, for any aft, matter, cr thing by them lawfully done, undet ana by virtue of this ad ; and if any fu t (hall oe commenced cr profecuted againft asy perfon or perfons, for any thing which (hall be acre in purfuance cf this ad, or the powers or authorities hereby grrnted, ft-ch perfon or perfons may plead the general iffue, and give the fpocial matters in evidence.

III.	And be it further enaded, that all and every enquiries, if.quifiticns, ruinations, verdifts, judgments and decrees, had, made, givon, or pronounced before the psfling this ad, in refp d of the matteis a*orefaid, or any of their, b?fore or by any commiffioiyaT appointed by, or in pur-

•	fuar.ee

igitized by Google

_UIII 1^1 ■

*Tht Mflrtj-jftmd Ytar •/ 6eorge III.



foante of the faid ads of parliament, or any of them, nn- A. I>. d«r and by virtue of the powers heretofore by law vetted, .179*. or intended to be vefted in fuch commiffioners, and in re- Chap, lfu (petI to which no fuit at law or in equity hath been here-tofore commenced, (hall be, and be deemed to be by all anderfaid courts of juftice good, valid, binding, and fuAcient in law,

10 alb intents and purpofes whatfoever; and that in cafe the Aims of money by fuch verdida aflefied and awarded, have been paid to the perfons entitled tbe^to refpedively, or in cafe the fame have not been paid, then and in fuch cafe, tipon the payment of the fums of money by fuch verdids aflVfTed and awarded to the fcveral perfons entitled thereto, pr tendering and depofiting the fame, in the manner by .faid ads ol parliament, fome or one of them direded, the feveral houfes, lands, tenements and hereditaments, for arid in refped of which fuch fums of money have been afleflrd and awarded, are hereby and Ihall be deemed to be absolutely veiled in the faid companies or perfons refpedively,

.for whofe ufe, or by whofe procurement the fame have been valued.

J V, And be it enabled. That all and every enquiries, in-	En< pririct,

quiiitions and valuations which have been commenced be- inquifition*, fore the patting this ad, and are or may be now depending and valuation* in refped to any of the matters aforefaid, and any verdids and judgments which ihall be hereafter made, given, or pro- and now denounced upon fuch enquiries, inquiiitions and valuations, pending, valid! by or before any committioners appointed by, or in purfu-ance of the (aid ads of parliament, or any of them, under or by virtue of the faid powers heretofore by law vetted, or intended to be vefted in luch commiftioners, Ihall be, and be deemed to be, by all courts of juftice, in like manner good, valid, binding and Efficient in law, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, if otherwife duly proceeded upon, though the commifliooers a&ing therein be members of fuch companies refpedively.

V.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained, Ihall Net to ore.

binder or prevent any perlon, who may be affeded by any van* fuits by

verdid or judgment to be made, given, or pronounced upon P^fonsaffcd-r \	•	t	*	b i • *	. v ed, from com-

any fuch enquiry, inquifition, or valuation commenced be- ni^nci wi ^ fore the palling of this a£l, and now depending, from com- in 3 month* mencing within three months, from the time of making, of verdidt giving, or pronouncing fuch verdid or judgment, any luac at law, or in equity for relief agatnft the fame, upon any caufe or matter, other than that fuch enquiry, inquifition, and valuation were held, and fuch verdid, or judgment pronounced under the aforefaid powers granted by the faid ads.

.•VI. And be it enaded. That in cafe any a&ion or fuit	aa'.™*■

whatfoever, Ihall be brought or commenced againft the for any thing aforefaid companies qt perfons, or any jerfon or perfons Cone «ndcr this,1

adihg aforcftid

digitized by

^66	'Jbt	III.

A. I*

KJ^^J •a*, lo'tetmA-Aieaotd with^ in 3 months •fur caufe.

Former afts

ill force, Sec.

A pnt>Uck

oft.

Net to af-feft fir Fitx-gcrald Aylmer or his undertenants.

afting utider them, or tny of thelft, for Of in refpflft 6f any enquiry, inquifition, valuation, verdict or jadgibeat, held, made, given, 6t pronounced in porftiance of the powers in this aft contained, or for or in relpect of any matter or thing by them, or ally of them, done of ext* cured, by virtue of or in purfusmte of this aft, or any other of the aforefaid acts patted in this kingdom, relative to inland navigation, or the making canals, inch aftfton or fuit (hall be commenced within three months after the •fledged caufe of fuch aftion or fait (hall have commenced, And not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants in any foch acdon may plead the general ittoe, and give this aft, and the faid Other afts, and the fpecial matter ta evidence on any trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of and by authority of this aft, or fome other of the faid herein before mentioned afts, relative to inland navigation, and the making canals.

VIJ. And be it enafted. That the ftveral afts heretofore patted relative to inland navigation, and the mtk-ing any canal or canals within this Kingdom, and all and every the cltufes and powers in the faid afts refpeftively contained, except fuch parts thereof as are altered by this prefent aft, (hall remain, continue, and be in full force, as 4f this aft had never been paf&d.

VlH. And be it enafted. That thii aft fhfcH be a public aft, And deemed and taken notice of as futh, by all judges, Joftiees and others, in all courts and places, without pleading the fame.

' IX. Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained, ihall be conflrued to affeft the right of fir FitzGerald Aylmer, baronet, to atfy portion of the land through which the grand canal, or any branch thereof, now runs, nor any demands which he or his tenants, or under-tenants have againft the company of undertakers of the grand canal, nor any other matter or thing now in cor.troverfy between the ftid company, and the laid fit Fnz-Gerald Aylmer.

i

c h a p: xvr.

i

4* dftfc'r regulating the Office of Conjla&le, and for trtfer enforcing th: Pr ccfs of tbe <,rimitud Law in certain Parti cf this Kingdom.

WH&R'bAS it will tend, to the better enforcement of the execution of the law, to put the office of con-11 able muter proper regulations : and whereas it is thought

expedient

, Digitized by Go.Oqle ^

*

THk ilirtp-fiemd. Tw-of 6«pcgt IIL	5ft

expedftfct td make certain alterations and amendment* iff. <A*	Q*.

the fame ; be it enafted by the fling** moft exceHeoC Mi- 179** jeffy, by send with-the advice and cwrfent of the lord* (pi* Cb#p* *fiy ritual and temporal* and commons in this prefer! parbameot	1

adtnbird, and by the Suthoritv of the (awe, That it (ball grand juriesef and m*r ** WdV*£ «•* rand j0fy of «**/ cWpty, « eept the Ceuntiet of Wexford* Ferminagli, Carlos, TyrQpe, eXceptcd, may Done^bff Mayo, Down, Kildare, the King’* coppty, and nppoim con-the cotynties of SiigQ, Armagh, Jvlq>agh<m> and VVipklow, ftables in baro-91 the aflfzcs thereof, to make and appoint any pumb^r of "*^*?^half» con ft ablet not exceeding eight, in any or in every barony or *i^0IIICi• half-barony wjthinfoch county, fuch conftaWe* to be in lieu, and in the place of all conftables appointed, or to be appointed by fuch grand ji^riet for baronies, according to the laws no\y. of force : provided that nothing contained in this 9^, fhaJt be conftrued to annul the otf^c, or leficn the power and authority of fuch high-conftables as are now/ appointed by law» to raife and cojleft fuch fums of money as are pre-fented by the different gr^nd juries on the counties at large, or on the refpeftive baronies or half-baronies thereof, or to repeal any part of an aft palfed in the twenty feverth year of his prefent Majefty, entitled. At aclfor the better execu-lion of the peace within counties of large ; and provided that the grand juries of fuch counties wherein the faid aft one-rates, (Kail not have a power of raifing any other cpnftt-bles than fuch as they are empowered to raife by the (hid aft.

11.	And be it enafted, That fuch cpnftables appointed by - nfoble* this aft, fhall at all times be aiding and a (Siting in preferviug co in the peace, and executing the law within every ft|ch barony ferving thc^ or half-barony, or in any other part of fuch county, and pc*c«. Sec.

(ball obey fuch la.vful direftions as they fhall from time co time receive from any magiftrate within fuch cow njy ; and if any of the aforefaid conftables (hall negleft or refute to obey as a fore faid, or (hall be g.uiky of any negleft or violation of dwty, he or they (hall be liable to be removed by any fuch grand jury, or (ball be liable to fuch penalty, not: exceeding forty (hidings, to be levied by djftrels and file of the goods of rhe party, by order of the juftices at the quarter fcflnns of the oc^ce for laid county, ?nd fuch irn-prilbnmcnt in the common gaol, not exceeding one month* as the (aid juftices after examination and proof upon oath, of oot or more credible witnefs or wieners, or on the cqn- . feflion of the party fhall impofe or direft.

HI. And be it enacted. That the faid c.o-iftable* rsfp?c- ConfUbleto lively, ftull have all powers, privileges, and authorities, have *i! pow. and ftiall be fubjeft td the fame penalties and regulations, frij anj! iub* which any conftable is by lav/ now fubject or entitled to, p^n/lttea™!* and: (hail act a* minifterial oncers of toe peace ; aacr lor coofUblei now

the are, flic.

Digitized by Google

,61 Yk tUrtyftetkd Ytdr Geottil.

4l «*T V:

prcfrrtcd at <ach affize* for conftahk.

Conftable* to produce cevtlfi-utM m herein.

v

the tetter preventing the commiffion of offences, and tha more fpeedy and certain apprehending of offenders again! the peace within fuch county, and for abiding in the execution of the law therein, and fuck con ft able* (hall be provided with proper arm* and accoutrements, the expence thereof, not exceeding forty Shillings for each perfon fo appointed a conftable once in twelve years, to be raifed and levied by fuch refpc&ivc grand juries on fuch refpc&fve baronies or half-baronies, for which fuch conftable* (hall re-' fpc&ively be appointed, as to fuch grand Junes (hall (cea meet.

IV.	And be it ena&cd, That the grand jur^fcf each county at large, (hall and may at each affixes, prefent any fum not exceeding four pounds, for every fuch conftable in eveiry fuch barony or half-barony, wherein fuch conftable ftiall be appointed, the fame to be raifed and levied out of every fuch barony or half-barony, in fuch proportions as the pTefcntments of the county at large are raifed on fuch baronies or half-baronies refpc&iveljr, fuch fums fo to be prefented and raifed for fuch conftables, to be paid tp them refpe&ivcly, by the treafurers of faid counties rc-fpe&ively.

V.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That no fum wbstfoever, prefented for any inch conftable, fball be paid to him, unlefs upon his producing a certificate from the clerk of the peace of fuch county, that he had at fome quarter ftfitons or adjournment thereof, for fuch county, ftocehis appointment to fuch office, duly qualified himfelf agreeable to an a& patted in the fecond year of her late Majefty Queen Anne, entitled. An aft to prevent the further growth of popery5 nor unlefs it (lull appear by the certificate of the juftices, who attended the quarter feffions, obtained at Io$ft, once in every year, or of three magiftrates refident within fuch barony or half-barony, for which fuch conftable is appointed, ot if fuch magiftrates be not refident in fuch bfcrouy or half-barony, then and in that cafe, the certificate of fuch three magiftrates as refide neareft and mod contiguous to fuch bafony or half barony, that fuch conftable dnly executed the duty of his office, and behaved properly therein, and unlefs it (hall appear to the grand jury, that the arms and accoutrements of fuch Conftable appeared td fuch magiftrates to be in perfect good order, unlefs fatisfa&ory reafon fhall be given for their not being fo, and the judges of aflize refpe£lively, may then and not before, difeharge the quere on the fum prefented for fuch conftable, who (hall appear by fuch certificate to have duly executed his doty, and behaved properly in his office as aforefaid.

VI. And

Digitized by Google

The thirty-fecond Ttar of George III.

VI.	And be It enaded, That there (hall be paid to every Oonftable, who by virtue of a mittimus under the hand and feal of any juftice of the peace, (hall carry to and fafely lodge in the county gaol, dny perfon or perfons charged with any treafon or felony, and committed to fuch conilable by fuch juftice, the fum of three pence per mile, for each mile the perfon or perfons fo committed (hall be carried ; and alfo that the like fum (hall be paid to each of fuch number of proteflants armed with fire arms, as fuch juftices of the peace (ball think neceflary, for guarding fuch prifoner or pri-fbners to the county gaol, and who (hall go along with fuch conftable to the county gaol with fuch prifoner or priloners, which faid fum3 (hall be railed by the grand juries of the re-fpedive counties, in the fame manner as the county charges are raifed.

VII.	Provided neverthelefs, That rio fuch fum or fums (hall be paid by the treafurer of any county, unlefs fuch conftables or fuch proteftantsTo employed in conveying pri-foners to any fuch gaol as aforefaid, (hall produce a copy of the mittimus under which fuch prifoner or prifoners were committed, and a receipt from the gaoler of fuch county gaol, acknowledging that fuch prifoner or prifoners were (afely lodged in gaol; and provided that the number of conftables orproteftant guards formployed, (hall not exceed fix on any occafion.

YHI. And be it enacted, That no perfon whatfoever, (hall be entitled to fill the office of conftable under this ad, unlefs he (hall have previoufly obtained a certificate from three magiftrates, refldcnt in the fame barony or half-barony, or if none fuch are refident therein, then of any three ma-giftnltes contiguous thereto, that the faid perfon fo to be appointed, is in every refped qualified to difehafge the duties 6f the office of conftable.

IX.	And be it enaded, That no perfon (hall be entitled to fill the office of conftable under this ad, unlefs he (hall have taken the following oath, before one of the judges of aifize, or before the juftices of the quarter feffion :

3d. per mile to be paid to conftablei, &c.

Not to be paid, unlefs copy of mittimus, See. be produced.

Certificate qualification to be produced, at herein.

/ A. B .do /wear, that I will well and truly fervt our fovereign lord the King, in the office of confiable, in the county	Conftable’t

of	that	I	will	fee	andcaufe	bis	Majcfifs	oat^'

peace to he kept and prefervedy according to the hejl of my power, without favour or afiedion, malice or evil will; that / will to the bejl of my power remove, or caufe to be removed, all nuifances from the public highwAys, and prevent any objlrudions or encroachments from being made thereon ; and that I will prevent to the bejl of my power, any bridges, or the battlements thereof from being injured or profirated; and that I with to ' Vol. IX.	A	a	the

Digitized by

Google



370	ffc thirty-fxond Ytmr of George III,

A* IX	tbebefi of power, cuforpc nil Unas tnaftedfor the prefer**

1793*	of highways and bridges, and enforce the penalties prtfcribel

by the fame ; and that / «w/7 well and truly execute all •warrants and precepts to sne dircGed, from the ju/Sces of the peace if faid county, according to law, and / wifi well and truly, according to my power, knowledge and ability. do and execute ad other things belonging to the office of a confiahle, as long as fJhaS coutmiit in the faid office»

judge or juttiee* And the fil’d judge of alTitcf ot the juftice* of* the q«ar~ ciriu^nd^ ter ^®on8*	herety required to adtnimfteT the faid oath,

certificate dlerc^ an<* 10 gIVC a certificate thereof, according to the foQo*r-

oL	iog fon»;

Form of ©ei- /or we, (as the cafe may be), do hereby certify that A. B. ********	has taken the oath pr/feribed by an afy entitled, sin aft far re-

gulating the office of conflable, cmd fir better enforcing the fro-cefs of the criminal law, to Qualify h 'm to fill the office if cm-fiabh in the barony of	and	county	of

And fuch ctmftsble is hereby required to deliver fuch certificate to the treafurer of the county, who is alfo required to enter the fame in a hook, to be kept among the records of the county, and to produce the fame before the grand jury, at each and every ailizes, that they may examine and infpeft the fame.

Further duty X. And be it enabled. That all fuch conllables (hall be of cofiftabk*. aiding and afTifting in removing nuifances from the public highways, and in preventing encroachments and obilruft'on* from being made thereon, and in preventing bridges, or the battlements thereof, from being injured or proO-rated; and that they (hall, to the heft of their power, enforce ail laws enabled for the prefervation of the public highways and bridges, and enforce the penalties prescribed by the lame.

CHAP. XVIIt.

An Aft fir confirming the Powers of the Society of King'* Inns, Dublin, and to repeal an Aty entitled, An Aft tor* gulate the Admiffion of Batriflers at Law.

^n^HEREA S an aft pafTed in the twenty-firII year of ** bis prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An Aft to regelate the admiffion of larrijlers at Jaw : and whereas his Ma« jefty has been fince gracioufly pleafed by his letters patent, bearing date at Dublin, on the t wenty-feventh .day of feteWh

.Digitized by

Google

The thirty fecor^d Tear of George 1JL 4	.37	J

fbrnnnr, in thpthi/ty-fecpnd year of his reign, to confirm to A* !)• the fociety of the King’s-Tnns, Dublfti, their antient 1792. franchifes, powers, and privileges; and to grant to them fuch further powers as were neceffary, and fitting to enable therrwto regulate the admifiion, condud, and pradice pf perfons defirous to ftudy the law, and to be called to tfye bar, or to pradife as attornies in his Majefty’s courts of judice, .whereby the provifions of the faid flatute are become unneceflary ; be it therefore enaded by the authority afore&id, That tfye fa/d ftatute, and every part thereof, be. The words and the lame is hereby repealed, (and that the faid letters between paren* patent, and the feveral powers and provifions thereof ^33 0*3* c. thereby granted are hereby confirmed.)	44.

CHAP. xxur.

An /IQ for the further Encouragement of the Fijhencs on the Continued to Coajls of tbit Kingdom.	*J March *^99*

'IITTHEREAS by an ad pafied in this kingdom in the * ▼ twenty-fifth year of his Majefty’s reign, entitled,

An aftfor the further impro'vement and extenjon of the fjheries on the coajl of this kingdom, certain bounties were given, and it was therein enaded, That the feid bounties (hould be paid for and during the fpace of four years from the firft day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, and to the end pf the then next feflion, and no longer: and whereas an ad pafied in the twenty-feventh year of his Ma-jt fly’s reign, to amend the faid ad, was continued by an ad palfed in the thirtieth year of his Majelly’s reign, but the bounties in the faid firft recited ad fo amended, were omitted to be continued ; be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent M a jelly* by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afftmblcd, and by the authority of the fame,

Thor the feveral bounties given and allowed by the faid hrft

recited ad, on conforming to .the regulations therein men- f;nilp5hirin'

tioned, (hall be paid until the twenty-fifth day of March,

one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, except fo far

as the fame kave been altered by the faid recited ad of the

twenty feventh year of his Majefty’s reign, and that the faid

lail recited ad of the t>venty-feventli yepr pf his Majefty’s

reign, fhall continue and be in force until the faid twenty-

fifth Jay of tylarch, pne thoufond feven hundred aud ninety-

five.

,A.# 2	...	,

1

f

Digitized by Li OO

%

Claimants who have performed requi

The thirty fecond Tear of George III.

II. And whereas many perfona may have been induced tm incur great expcnces in profecution of the fifheries, on a fup-pofition that the continuance of the faid recited ad continued the faid bounties, be it enaded, That all perfona wlu> termed requi have c^aimet^ or (hall claim, to be entitled to bounties*uiu3er (ites, ei.titicd to the (aid ads, or either of them, and (hall have conformed* bounties as	or (haH conform to the feveral regulations therein pteferibed*

ht'icuL	(hall ^ cntuled to, and (hall receive the bounties granted by

the faid ad, a# fully and effedually to all intents and ptir-poft* from the firft day of February, pne thoufand feven hundred and ninety, as if the bounties in the faid recited ad of the twenty-fifth year of his Majefty’s reign, as well as the faid ad of tire twenty-feventh year of his Majefty** icfgn had been continued by the faid ad of the thirtieth year of his Majcfty’a reign.

CHAP. XXIV.

Am Aft for the better enabling certain Perfons to open and wort Mines, and to raife Coal, Culm, Minerals and Fo/fils in this Kingdom, and to open and improve the Harbour of Arklc'iv, in the County of IVicklow, and to form a Canal front the faid Harbour of Artlow, to the Meetings Bridge» and to extend the fame towards the Kilkenny Collieries, and the Gienmanur Mines.

Hibernian mine company incorporated, &e.

TX^THEREAS the following perfons, viz. Turner Ca-. ^ * mac, John Howard Kyan, And John Camac, have already made difeoveries of a copper mine, in tlie county of Wicklow, and arc working the fame under the name ahd firm of tire Hibernian mine company : and whereas if the faid company were invefted with the fame powers and privileges of the royal mining company, k would greatly facilitate the carrying on the lame, and encourage the faid company to undertake the working of other mines in this kingdom ; be it therefore enaded by the King*s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That immediately after the palling of this ad, the faid Hibernian mine company (hall be incorporated under the name and firm aforefaid, and be invefted with the fame powers and privileges as the royal mining Company, as by an ad pafled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, cn -titled, An aft for the better enabling certain perfons to open and work> mines, and to raife coal, culm, mine rale and foffils in this

kingdom.

Digitized by

Google



Tbi thirty futmd Tear of George HI.

373

Company in*

: a har-

timgdom, and Hand in vefted with, and hold and enjoy all and fin^ular the like powers, privileges, advantages and authorities, in all things whatfoever, for the purpofes of working and manufacturing all mines of coal, culm, and of different ores, jninerals and fulfils, quarries of marble, and alfo all V>cdLs of clay, flint, and other matters ufually found in the earth.

II.	And as it would greatly tend to encouragement of commerce, and the adxantage of this kingdom, the opening' and improving the harbour of Arklow, and making a canal or inland navigation from the aforefaid harbour to the Meetings bridge, near Rathdrum, and extending the fame canal •or navigation towards the Kilkenny collieries, and Glen- w malur mines; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That, the faid Hibernian mine company (hall (land, and are hereby reded with invcfted with, and hold and enjoy all and fingutar the pow P«wcr» (°r ers, privilege.*, advantages and authorities in all things, for Jour ^c the purpofes of opening the harbour of Arklow, and car- herein, rying on the aforefaid navigation, as were before the paff-ing of this ad veiled in the corporation, for promoting and carrying oil an inland navigation in Ireland, and as were then vefted in the company of undertakers of the grand canal, and as were vefted in the royal canal company for the pur-pofe of enabling them to carry on the fame navigation, as by an ad pafTed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, ad for the better enabling the royal canal company to carry on and complete the royal canals from the city of Dublin to Tarmonbury, of the river Shannon ; and further, that the faid company be, and are hereby empowered and authorized to make fuch navigable cut or cuts, from fuch part or parts of the aforefaid line of navigation, up the Aughrim river towards the collieries, and up the river Avonbeg towards Rathdrum, and the Glenmalur mines; and to open all rivers, and make all fuch outlets and other off-branches, cut3 and navigations, refervoirs, pafTages, dams and weirs in the diredlions aforefaid, as may by , the faid Hibernian mine company, be judged neceffary for carrying on the (aid works, and fupplying the faid navigation and on* branches with water.

III.	And be it ena&ed, That the joint ftock of the faid company (hall be the Aim of thirty thoufand pounds, to- flock, which gether with fuch further fum or fums as the faid company bc cncrc»f-at fome general meeting (hall judge neceffary to be railed by fubfcriptioQ, for the purpofe of carrying on the faid works, which fura or Aims when fubferibed, (ball be added to and become part of the joint ftock of the fajd company.

may I ed by don.

fub&rip-

37+

A. D.

179*. Chap. 24.

Stock to be divided into (hare*, at herein.

Duties herein to be paid to company.

2d per mile for pafleugcrh,

&c.

The thirty-feeond Tear 0/ Gedrgd ltl.

IV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the joint dock of the faid company (hall be divided into fhares of one hundred pounds each, and each member (hall have a vote for every {hare he (hall hold in the faid (lock of the faid company ; and that every fubferiber Or member of the faid company may appear either in perfon or by proXy, fach per-fon as (hall be appointed as proxy being a member of the laid company.

V.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That in confideration of the expence, rifque and trouble, which the faid company {hall be put to, in making and maintaining the faid harbour and navigation, and the off-branche* thereof; it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid company, and their fucceflbrs, from time to timy, and at all times hereafter to afk, demand, receive, and fue for to the nfe of the faid company and their fucceflors, the feveral rates and duties herein after mentioned, (that is to fay), for every {hip or other veflcl entering the faid port or harbour, drawing more than five feet water, the faid Company {hall be entitled to levy a toll not exceeding two fbiltirtgsper ton; and'for every boat or other vtffel navigating the faid navigation and off-branches, or any part thereof, cither upwards or downwards, in which any goods, merchandizes, or commodities, or other matter whatever (hall be carried, fuch rates and duties as the faid company (hall ordain and appoint, not exceeding the fum of two-pence for every mile, for and upon every ton of the burthen or tonnage of fuch boat or other vefftl ; or fofr every ton weight on all corn, meal, malt, flour, lime, lime (lone, coal, and citlm for the puvpofes of burning lime,''brick, or for hmrfhold pur-pofeS ; and the fum of four-pence for every other article which {hall bb carried upwards or downwards, upon the faid navigation, at the diferetion of the faid company; and an additional rate not exceeding two pence per ton, for every lock which {hull bt pafTcd by any*fuch veffel through the communication of the faid navigation.

VI.	And fie it further emi&ed, That the faid company may in like manner aft, demand, receive, and ftfe for to the ufe of the faid company, for each paffengcr in any vef-fcl navigating upon the faid canaf, any fikfi not exceeding two-pence, tor every mile fych ' paffenger (hafl be carried: provided that if at any time heteafter a grant of money fhall be made in purfdance of any aft or afttt of parliament in this kingdom, of a moiety of fuch furft or fuiws of money as (hall be proved before the ccfrdtni^ners of public accounts to have been expended, which proof they are hereby required to give every year, till the yvhole work is completed by 4ke faid Hibernian mine company, in improving

the

?%tthirtrfea>+dr**rsf Georg* lit.

the fearbottr of Arklow, purfwrat t& tberr petition prdtftt-

ed to the houfe of commons this feflion of parliament, lb as that no greater ftim of intntj (hall be paid on account of faid moiety than the fum of ttro tboufiSnd five hundred pounds, that then and in that cafe ho greater toll &att be taken ©n any veflfel entering the harbour of Arklow, than three-pence per ton on all coafting vefieU, and fix-pence per ton on all other veflcls, together with fueh wharfage as is allowed to the company of undertakers of the grand canal, by an a£t patted in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An a3 for Sreltingtbcfurther application of the fum of two hundred themfand founds* granted by an aQpuffed in the twenty-ninth year of his prefeat Majejly.

VII.	And he ft further eira&ed by the authority afore*

faid. That the (aid Hibernian mine company fhaH be aotho- mar ofe Arklow rifed, and arc hereby empowered to make ufe of the bridge	**

of Arkiow to erc& fluices and other works for the improvement of faid harbour, provided that they (hall make good any injury done to faid Bridge.

VIII.	Provided alfo, That if at any time hereafter a fur- j£

thcr fum of one-third of the faid company's expenditure, fum be framed, which flraH Be proved before the coramifRoners of impreft company to reaccounts, provided the firm IhaR not exceed the fum of five	“

thoufand and fixty-five pounds, be granted to the faid Hi-	.

bernian mine company, for making the aforefaid canal, that then and in that cafe it may not be lawful fbr the faid Hibernian mine company, to receive a greater foil than three half-pence per ton per mile, on all goods carried oh the canal, and" two-pence per ton for every lock, and three halfpence per mile fof every pattenger.

IX.	And whereas great difficulties havearifen to the pro-

prietors of ttiines, and to companies carrying ort the working of mines in this kingdom, from the want of convenient pattages to carry their feveral ares to any road now m being, and no appearing noW to bex in force empowerihg grand juries to prefent fbr faid roa^ta ; be it ena&trd by the authority aforefaid, That each arid every mining company affo- Companies ciated far the ptirpb&s of working airy mines in this king- maVn^f doan, (hall be empowered to mske at their own ex pence, ****	44 crein*

any road or roaxh froni their refpeftrve mines, to the next

ptibfic rOad, or to the fea, provided fuch road (hall not exceed two miles ; and provided alfo, th^t tbe damages ddne to any lands through which faid ruad may be carried, (hall be valued and paid for to the proprietor Or proprietors of (Kid kinds* in fatrie taianhet as is no\V by law dire&ed fbr the payment of damages, in carrying on the royal canal,

and

Company

■ - — — —Digitized by

Google

t '

376'

A. D.

I793>

Suits, 6cc.

The thirty fetond Tear of George III.

and fubjed to fuch further regulations as are in (aid lA pm-vided.

X. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any fnit (halt be commenced or profccuted againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing which (hall be done in purfuance of this ad, fuch perfon may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, and that this aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a public ad*

CHAP. XXV.



!



An AB to explain, amende and render more ejfedual am AB faffed in the Twenty-frvcutk Tear, of Hu Mvjejlf* Reign, entitled, An s*B for the better ColleBion of His Majeftfi Revenue arifing from Forfeited Recognisances, as aifo an AB faffed in the Twenty-ninth Tear of His Majejly's Reign, entitled, An AB to amend an A3 faffed tn the Tweedy-feventh Tear of His Majefffs Reign, entitled. An AS for the better ColleBion of His Majejly’s Revenue arifing from Forfeited Recognisances, and to extend the Provtfions thereof, and for enlarging the Time for John Howard Kyan, Efquire, to account furfuiwt to bis Recognisance^

\7t/ HEREAS by an ad paffed in this kingdom in the V V twenty-feventh year of his Majefty's reign, for the more cfledually colleding of his Majefty’s revenue arifing from forfeited recognizances, it is goaded, That the fcveral colledors of forfeited recognizances to be appointed by virtue of the faid ad, to whom theprocefsof thefecond fum-mons of the pipe (hall be direded, (hall have the fame power to levy the debts therein to be comprized, and in executing fuch procefs as (heriffs in this kingdom have by law for executing the fecond fummons of the pipe: and whereas doubts have arifen whether fuch colledors have a power under the, faid recited ad, to fuipmon and impannel juries for enquiries to determine claims bf property, in cafes where colledors (hall feize goods by virtue of the faid procefs, or to enquire and prelent the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereof any debtor of the crown comprized in fuch procefs, are or may be feized, poffefled of, or entitled unto, be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afiemUed, and by the authority of the fame, and it is hereby declared to be the true intent and meaning of the faid recited ad, Tl*at the fevcral colledors appointed, or to be appointed by

virtue

\

Digitized by ooQle

The thirty feamd Tear George III;

377

Co)le&or» of

virtue of the (aid aft, to whom fuch procefs hath been or (hall be direfted, have the lame powers to fummon and impanel juries, and hold enquiries' upon the* feveral matters aforefaid, as fheriffs of this kingdom are by law invefted with.

II.	And whereas by the faid recited aft, and alfo by one ^^nces *****" other aft pafTed in this kingdom in the twenty-ninth yearof have powers at his Majefly’s reign, to amend Ihe faid firft redted aft, and herein, to extend the provifions thereof, it is provided, that the Recital *9 * clerk of the pipe (hall comprize in the debit of every fuch *9^ 3* coHeftor, the amount of the feveral forfeited recognizances, and fines levied by him, and (hall allow to every fuch col-leftor the fum qf two (hilling and fix-pence on every twenty (hillings which (hall have been aftually levied: and whereas ic is expedient for the furtherance of juftice, and the more cffeftuaHy collefting-his Majefty ■ s cafual revenue, that the faid allowance or poundage heretofore made tp the faid feveral colleftors fhould be encreafed, be it therefore enaft-cd. That the clerk of the pipe in making out the debit for cjcrk . every fuch coileftor, in purfuance of the faid recited afts, to allow 3*. on (hall allow to every fuch coileftor the fupi of ti\ree (hillings every it on every twenty (hillings, which (hall have been aftually le- (**»<! °* vied by him, in lieu and (lead of the faid fum of two (hillings and fixpence, direfted as aforefaid by the faid two recited afts.

III.	Provided always. That in cafe any of fuch fines and recognizances fo levied, (hall be reduced or mitigated by his recc**c Majefty’s commiflioners of reducements, that then and in ^ ^ every fuch cafe the clerk of the pipe (hall not make any al- pedeesd. lowance or poundage in the faid debit for uqy fuch reduced fines or recognizances, but that the faid poundage or alloww ance of two (hillings and fixpence fo provided by the faid former afts, (hall be paid to fuch coileftor by the perfon in whofe favour or for whofe benefit the order of reducement (hall be made, which (hall be fo exprefled in fuch order, and every fuch coileftor may accordingly deduft the faid poundage of two (hillings and fixpence upon repaying the fums fo levied, any thing in the (aid recited afts notwith-(landing.

IV.	And whereas by the faid recited aft of the twenty-feventh year of his Majcfty’s reign, itisenafted, that every fuch coileftor (hall within ten days after the end of every term, in which atiy procefs direfted to him (hall be returnable, pay into the receipt of the exchequer all monies with which he (hall be chargeable, and (hall depofite an acquittance for the fame with the clerk of the pipe : and whereas it will tend to the relief of feveral perfons who may have,	*

pr (hall inadvertently forfeit recognizances, or on whom

fine*

io«. rail. 6d.

Colle&or

Digitized by-'

Goo«

mftxai of paying vfuhin 10 4*5*6. after pio-*el* <V.aH pay within b Biontbs.

Cferk of pipe in making out debit of flwriff, ro *8ow ou •very 20*. as

filtTeUK

x Ctotyii 6dL fdondoge t* nctiJTs, if hnest <S*c be reduced.

No povodbge

to collector.

& e tuilef* i'nm paid in witbixi 12 mouth*.

Recital 2$ 6c H G. 3. c 1.

T& thirtyficond Tear sf GeOrgt HI.

fines rhary be impofrd, if the time for payment of fodi

monies, fhould be enlarged, fo as to give them zm opportunity of applying to the rommifHoners of rednceme&ti far mitigation of fuch fines, or forfeitures, be k therefore ena&» ed, That every fuch coRcclor fhall (in lieu and ftead of the {aid ten days fo provided by the faid recited a&) withia fix months after the end of every fnch term, in which any proctfs dire&ed to hina fhall be returnable, pay into the receipt of the exchequer all monies with which he fhall he chargeable, purfuant to this and the fakl reerted a&s.

V* And he it enabled, Thrt the clerk of the pipe in making out a debit of any money with which any fheriff fhall be chargeable, on any procefe to him diretfed, for fines impofed on aft peefona who fhaH not at the time of impofiog finch fines, be committed in a&oal execution for the fame and forfeited recognisjances, fhall allow to every fiich fheriff the fnm of three lhiflings on every twenty M-Iniga which fhall have been a^ttalfy levied by him, in lieu and dead of all other allowances to which fuch fherifk oaay kave heretofore been entitled to by law.

VI.	Provided always, That m cafe any of foch fates of recognizances fo. afhialty levied fhall be reduced or inki-gated* the dark of the pipe (hall not make any allowance or poundage in faid debit* for aay fuch reduced fine* or re* cognisances, but that fuch fheriff fhall have' the poundage ©r allowance of two fhiftings and fixpence, to be received or dcdtr&fd by hrm in like manner as bereia before k dirc&ed* with refpeft to the faid colle&or*

VII.	And be it enafWd, That r»o colleftor or fhenff fhaH have, receive, or be entitled unto any benefit of poundage or allowance on account of his debit, under or by virtue of this a6t, tttilef* fuch colle&or and fheriff relpc&ively fhaH pay into the receipt of the exchequer the fum with which he fhall be chargeable, within twelve months next after puffing his account, in the court of exchequer.

VIII.	And whereas by ana& pafled in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his Majedy’s reign, entitled. An aSt for granting /a bis Majejiy, bis heirs and fucerj'orsj an additional duly on *ivine% hides, beer% alef and other goods and mirebahdine therein mentioned, and for prohibiting the importation of ad gold <t*dfiber lace, and of all cambricks and IwartOy except vf the maOufadure of Great Britain, and cf all hops* except of' the growth of Great Britain and the Brittfb pfantati-iniy and of allglafsy except from Great Britain ; the fum of five hundred pounds, amongft other grants, Was granted to John Howard Kyan, efquire, to be expended in budding a fmelting-houfe and flatting, mill at Ballymurtagh and Cjone-baWn, m the county of Wicklow: and whereas by one

other

Digitized by

Google

tfOrty-fccoiid Ttar of Gttw’ge III.

37$

other aft pa fled in the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Ma- A, D« jefty, entitled, An ad for rendering effectual a grant made	17$*.

formerly by parliament for the encouragement of the copper ma- Cfcttp. if* nufadure of this kingdom, it is ena&ed, That fo much of the aforefaid ad as relates to the building of a fmelting-houfe recital <6 O. and flatting-mill ort the land* of Ballyirlrartagh ahd Crohe-bawn, bfe made null and void, and that the faid fmfclting* houfe and flatting-mill may be built either on the larids Of Ballymurtagh or Cronebawn, without prejudice to the recognizance entered into in his Majefty's court of exchequer, by the faid John Howard Kyan, eftjtiire, and his fecurities, fave With refpfcd to the fituation of the fmEltiiig-houle and flatting-rtVill as aforefaid, and vvith'refped to the ffmfc Kmit-ed therein for his account irig before the comrtiflfoners of impreft accounts, which time waS thereby enlarged tb tH* firfl day of May, orie thoufand fcven hundred and eighty’-feven : and Whereas the fard John Howard Kyan hath not yet laid out arid eipended the faid fdrti of five huritfred pounds, or any part thereof, in building thC faid (hrelting-houfe and (tatting-mill on the faid lands of BaflyUturtagh efr CrdnebaWn, in corifequence whereof his faid recognizance is become forfeited : arid whereas the faid John Howard Kyatt hath pfbpofed, and is wtUirig to lay out and experid in building ftrtehirig-houfes and flatting-mills, kilns, or houfes fofr the	of	burning	ore,	*nd	rtXmifa&trting	(topper	6r

copper Ore, flW firth of one thoufand pounds, infteird 6f th* faid fiim of five hundred pounds, provided the tihie for Expending the fame (hall be enlarged; be it therefor* cria&ed,

That it the faid John Howard Kyari, his Ireits, executors, ft j. Howard or adminirfrators, (hall on or before the fn4t day of May, Kyan ffoll lay which will be in the year onC tbbuferid foteit hihUfrEd and ?ut !ocx^: ** ninety-three, lay out arid expend the futrt of On* thOufand cogniz’aiice ftiil pounds in building fmeltirig-horttes and flatting-ttfills, kilns. Be void.

' or houfeX for the purpofe of burning ore, afrid maritifti&Uritfg copper or copper ore, and fharfl duly account fot the fame, according to the courfe of the exchequer, before the cOrh-miflkmets of impreft accounts, Within fix rttontlft hEXt aftbt the faid laft mentioned day, that then and in fobh UaTe th* laid recognizance* and all pfOceEdirigfe had thETebhV fhhfi ceafe, determine, and be abfblutdy null *hd Voifl, Xnf thfhfg therein or in the faid recited afkit WhtalWtd	tit* fcdWWaty

notwithlHrtdiug; provided that fuEh ftaeMrtg-ftdtiflb kihis, dr hbtifes for th* purpofe of bftrilirig <Hbj Of Sf itit-nufad bring copper or Copper-ofe, (hall b* Eov*t*tf «lfl fo ' coriftrufted With proper retfcfodrs, Us to ptdveiit th* ciods tfffcdfo of the WpfturBOitt t&poiir.

eft Ah

j, ized by

Google

-7*he thirty-fecund Tear of George IIL

3*9 *

A. D.

CHAP. XXVI.

An A3 for enabling (be Royal Canal Company, to male Docks on tie North Side of the River Ljffey, under certain Con-ftthorns.

pream^Ci TT THERE AS the making of floating and grating VV docks for the building, fafe lying and repair of (hipping, will be of great advantage to the trade of this kingdom; be it ena&ed by the King's mod excellent Ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Vice»treafurer debentures to the amount of twenty-three thoufand pounds to give deben- ^d no more, bearing an interefl after the rate of four turesforajjoool. pounds per centum per annum, be iflued by the vice-treafurar at $ per cent, to or vice-treafurers, paymafter or paymafters-general, his or paoy fornuddog t^cir deputy or deputies, to the royal canal company, for docks.	making, completing, and finifhing floating and graving

docks, for the (afe lying, building, and repair of (hipping at the propofed termination of the royal carnal at the river liffey, purfuant to their petition presented to the houfe of /	commons the lad feflion of Parliament: provided that no de-

bentures (hall be ifTued to the faid company, unlefs they (hall a&ually have expended of their own proper money, on the faid floating and graving docks, and on the quays and wharfs belonging to the fame, a fum equal to the full amount which they (hall demand of the public money, and that the faid company (hall not be entitled to receive a debenture or debentures for any part of the (aid fum of twenty-three thoufand pounds, until proof (hall be made by, or oo their behalf, before the commiflioners of imprefl accounts, of the expenditure of a fum equal to the full amount of the fum for which they (hall demand one or more debentures purfuant to this a& *

II.	Provided alfo, That when the faid company (hall have expended of their own proper money, the fum of feven thou (and five hundred pounds, npon the faid floating and graving docks, wharfs, and quays, and (hall have made proof iffued to ** expenditure thereof, before the commiffioncrs of i ruts	prcft accounts, that then the faid company (hall receive de-

bentures for the (aid fum of feven thoufand five hundred pounds, part of the (aid fum of twenty-three thoufand pounds; and that when the (aid company (hall have expended the hft mentioned bounty or fum of feven thoufand

r When company (hall have expended 7,$ooL debentures may be

The thirtyfecond Tear of George III.	3I1

fand five hundred pounds, for which debentures fhall have A, D. been iffued as aforefaid, together with a further fum of 1792-fifteen thoufand five hundred pounds of their own proper Chap. 26. money, and fhall within two years from the firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, finifh the faid docks, containing accommodation for the fafe lying of three.hundred fail of fea veffels, with a fup-ply of fixteen feet depth of water at the leaft, and fhall have made proof before the commifUoners of impreft accounts, of the expenditure of the feveral fums herein mentioned, * and of the completing of the faid works in length, breadth, and fituation, agreeably to their plan laid before the houfe of commons the lad feflion of Parliament, that then the faid company fhall receive debentures for the further fum of fifteen thoufand five hundred pounds, to complete the fum of twenty-three thouLnd pounds herein before mentioned.

III.	And be it enafted, That if any other company or other corn-

undertakers of any canal, to whom debentures for any fum	may &

are in like manner to be iffued on completing any dock in ceive deben-any manner prescribed by law, and within any certain time, turc*> herein, fhall complete the fame in fuch manner as is preferibed with

refpeft to the fame, on or before the faid firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, fuch company or undertakers, fhall upon performing the requi-fites by law preferibed for obtaining fuch debentures, receive the fame in the fame manner as if fuch docks were finifhed within the time originally preferibed for that pur-pofe.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That if the whole of the

faid fum of fifteen thoufand five hundred pounds, fhall jqqI be not hot be expended on the finifhing of the faid works, to be expended, de-performed by the faid royal canal company, that then and bentures equal m fuch cafe the faid company fhall only receive debentures j° 1 ™lctT on-as aforefaid, equal to the amount of one moiety, or half of Z-nde^'fli^rbe fuch £art of the faid fum of fifteen thoufand five hundred Sued to compounds, as fhall appear to the commiflionera of impreft pany. accounts to have been expended on the faid works, it being the true intent and meaning of this aft, that the faid royal canal company fhall aftually have expended of their own proper money, a fum equal to the full amount for which they fhall demand or receive of the public money, and fhall prove before the commiflioners of impieft accounts, the expenditure of a fum equal to the full amount for which one or more debentures fhall have iffued as aforefaid, before they (hall be entitled to receive any debenture purfuant to this aft, upon any further application.

V.	And

Digitized by

Google

Rates hereafter mentioned* to be paid for eiwry Tclfcl comity into, or going out of

Compaq inverted with powers to value and pur chafe lands, dec for making docks, dec.

The tbirtyfecond Tear of George ill.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That in confederation of the great charges and expences of making, building, evening, and providing fuch floating and graving docks, quays, wharfs, and works, and fupporting, maintaining, and leeping the fame in repair, there /hall be payable and paid to the faicl royal canal company, or to their co^&oYa or deputies for their ufe, for every (hip qr veflei coming into, or gqing oqt of the (aid docks, or unlading or putting op (hore, or lading or taking on board, any goods, wares, or merchandize, within the faid docks, by tfie /nafter or commander, owner or owners of every fuch /hip or veflel, the federal rates and duties hereafter particularly mentioned and described, that is to fay, for .eVery Irifh /hip or vefTel, coining into the fjaid .floating docks, on the hurthen or tonnage of filch ihip or ycffel, a Ann or rate not exceeding fix pence per ton, and upon the burthen or tonnage of all other (hips or veflels coming into the Card floating docks, a fum or rate not exceeding one /hilling per ton, and ppon the burthen or tonnage of every (hip or ve/Tcl coming into, or tiling the faid graving dockt, fuch graving docks, rates, and payments as ate paid or received for the like purpofes, for the entering of any /hip or veflel into, or u/iiig the graving docks at the p>rt of Liverpool, and that all goods, wares and merchandize, which /hall be landed or difeharged upon any of the quays or wharfs belonging to the faid floating docks, to the extent of forty feet from the edge of the water, and no further, on the north and weft quays of the fame, (hall be charged and chargeable with .the like rates of wharfage, and payments as are ufually taken or received for any goods, wares, or merchandize .loaded or difeharged upon ?ny quays or wharfs at the jport of London, which fcveral rates and duties /hall be, and arc hereby veiled in the faid company, as their own proper monies, and to and.for their own proper ufe and behoof, for the purpoCes aforefjaid.

VI.	And be it enafted, That the faid royal canal company, and every other company or undertakers of any canal, by whom any fuch docks are to be made, /hall refpe&ivcly be, and Hand in veiled with, and (hall hold and enjoy all and lingular the like powers, privileges, advantages, and authorities in all things, for the pmpofe of valuing by juries, and purchafing all fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments as may be from time to time neceflary to be ufed and taken in for the purpofe of .making all fuch c(qck*, w harfs, and quays, as are to be made by them refpe&ively, and for making, carrying on, managing, aqd regulating .the fame, as are now ve/led in them refpediyely, for the purpofe of valuingtxj juries, and purchalmg lands, tenements, and hereditaments,

-	-	—	■	|hir	!■—T *A*' 1

TbeJtiirtj-fctyud Tear ef George IIL

dLitfiments, neceflary for making any canal under their direction refpe&ivdy, and for making, carrying on, managing, and regelating the lame ; and that all and every ih,c feveral grounds, tenements and premifes, filiated in and upon the north lots in the county of the city of Dublin, which navr aye or (haH be legally veiled in the faid royal canal company, (hall ftand io veiled in the faid company, for the ufe and purpofes as well of the faid floating and graving docks, as of the faid royal canal, and the faid company arc hereby empowered to make life of, and apply filch ground^ tenements, and hereditaments, for the purpofe of making faid floating and graving docks, wharfs, quays, flore-houfes, locks, bafons, and other conveniencies, a$ well as for the purpofes of the faid royal canaL

VII.	And be it enaded, That the faid royal canal company, and every other company or uwdei takers of any canal making foch docks as aforefaid, communicating with the river Lifley, be and are hereby empowered to make all fitch fluices and locks in and throagh the w iHs, feparating the grounds vfrhere fuch docks are to be made, from the faid river or the fea, to the level of the bottom of the faid river, and to raife to the height of the banks of the faid docks, fuch parts of the prefent roads as run near or through the faid grounds, as may be neceffary fo to be fo railed, and to make fuch bridges as njay be neccfTary for the convenience and accommodation of the public, and all fuch fewers and drains for the difeharge of water, as they may judge neceffary to be made ; and in cafe any proprietor or occupier of any of the faid grounds, (hall think himfclf liamaged or injured by the m iking of any fuch fewers or drains, every fuch proprietor or occupier (hall be paid by fuch company or undertakers, as (hall require to make the fame, fo much as the value of fuch damage or injury (hail amount unto, the fame to be afeertained by the verdiil or ▼erdi&s of a jury or juries, to be impanelled and fwbrn in the fame manner, and with the fame powers and authorities in every rcfpe& relating thereto, as fuch company or Undertakers are empowered to do with refpeCt to afeertain-iftgthe value of any grounds or tenements, necdT-iry to he purchafed for the purpofe of making any fuch canal or dock, and upon payment of the value of fuch damage or injury. Inch company or undertakers, and all perfons a£ing under them* flhall (land dtfeharged from claims and demands on account thereof.

VIII.	And be it ena£led, That it (hall and may be lawful - for the faid royal canal company, by and with the content of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or gover-aoi? rf tWs kingdom for the time being, to be teftified

2	under

• & A. D 1792. Chap a’fc.

Dock* rom-muuicutiatf with the Lite?, to have lltuce*, See.

Company may alter doc let with confent of lord lieutenant.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1

The tlirty-fccond Tear of Georit I-

under hi* or their fign manual, to make any addition to the faid docks, or any alteration in the manner of coo-ftruding the feme, which maybe thought expedient; provided that the faid docks (hall not be of lefs extent or left depth than aforefaid, and that fuch docks fhall occupy an equal fpace or quantity of ground, which it is now intend* ed that the fame (hall occupy.

IX.	And be it enacted, That any veflcl entering the faid docks, and remaining therein for upwards of three months, (hall at the expiration of the firft three months, be liable to, and (hall pay to the faid company dockage a fecond time at the rates aforefaid, and fo on from time to time on the commencement of every fucceediog three months, fo long as fuch veffela (hall remain in faid docks.

X.	And whereas the fund on the part of the faid royal canal company, for making the (aid docks, hath been railed by fubfeription from certain of the members of the (aid ^ company ; be it enaded, That no advantage or profit to

do ks to be a ar*k ^rom	an<* graving docks, wharfs, and

pUcd as herein!*" cluay8’ fhall accrue to any member who hath not fubferibed, or (hall not have fubferibed towards the making and finifhing thereof, or who (hall not haye paid the fum or fums by him fubferibed, and that all fuch advantage or profit fhall accrue and go to fuch of the member* of the^ faid company, their executors, adminiftrators, or ailigns, as have fubferibed or fhall have fubferibed to the making and completing of the faid docks, wharfs, and quays, and paid their refpedive fub-feriptions.

XI.	Provided always, That nothing in this ad contain*

Bo,t‘*	ed, (hall extend or be confirued to extend to charge any

top^Mieran. bt»at> barg«> or lighter, deemed a canal boat, barge, or lighter, carrying goods from the faid canal into the river Liffey, or carrying goods from the river Liffey, up the faid canal to any difiance above the lock on the faid royal canal, next below the lock, commonly called Buckingham lock, with any further or other toll or duty for entering or palling through any locks, than in the fame proportion that fuch boat, barge, or lighter, (hall or may be liable to pay to the faid company for palling the faid canal, for any difiance or number of locks above (aid docks.

Nottoaffca XII. Provided always, That nothing in this ad coo-fuit& already tained, (hall affed any adion or fait already commenced in commenced. law or equity.

5*4

A. D.

1792. Chap. 26.

Dockage to be paid as herein.

Advantages accruing from

1	,	CHAP.

, Digitized by

Gooelc

fie ttirtpficbod Tear of Gepfgc III.

CHAP. XXVIL

jSk Ab fir the employing at bard Labour, Per jam feriteneed to be transported.

a

X^^^HEREAS it might tend tb reform and render * ▼ ufeful members of fociety, perfons fenteneed to be . tranfported, if fucli perfons were compelled under proper rules and government, to work at ufeful trades, or to labour according to their IkilLartdability i be it therefore ena&ed by the King's moft excellent Majelly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and tom mo ns in this preferit Parliament afiembled* and by. the authority of the fame, T*hat it {hail and may be lawful for ' lieut*? the lord lieutenant* dr other chief governor Or governors of toant rtuy ap-this kingdom for the time being* to appoint one or more po»nt peniten-houfe or houfes for the reception of perfons under fentenoe £'c™ti0n r tr rule of tranfportation, or pardoned on condition of tranf- perfons )ierei% portation, to be called penitentiary houfes \ and that it (hall ftc.

Su*d may he lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor* by warrant under his hand, tb order and dire& at his will and pleafure, any perfon of perfons now in this kingdom, Under fentetice or rule of transportation, or hereafter to be under fuch fentenoe or rule* or pardoned* or to be pardoned on condition of tranfportation* to be confined in any fuch penitentiary houfe* for any term not exceeding the tefm for which fuch perfon (hall be at tbc tinle of figfl-Jng fuch warrant tinder rule to be trail fported, there to be kept at labour or employment* in fuch manner as the keeper of fuch houfe (hall think moil fuited, to render fuch perfona tadi/firtoua and ufeful members of fociety.

II* Provided always, 'That it (hall and may be lawful to 3^ p&fyfo fend for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor* at any may be rerbov-time, by warrant under his hand, to order any perfons con- cti to the confined as aforefaid* in any fuch penitentiary houfe* to be re-moved from thence to the common gaol, and to be tranfported for the retiduc of the-term of tranfportation, according to the fentence or rule again ft him, as if he had never been committed to the penitentiary holife.

III.	And be it ena&ed, That if any perfon confined in Petfons wh# any fuch penitentiary houfe, (hall efcape or depart from fuch cfdpe from pe-penitentiary houfe, without the order of the lord lieutenant *dtentwry ■ or other chief governor of Ireland, before the time for aThcriio! ** Which he or {he was under fentence or rule of tranfportation be expired, and be found at large in this kingdom, fuch perfon being duly convidted thereof, (hall fofFer fuch puni/h-Vou IX*	B	b	ment

^ zecl by* Google

318	YhiiU&j'fecmd	feortfOtc^gt lit.

Ai D# nent tt» perfon duly tranfported and returning to this king-17$ Jr. dom, m now by law liable to fuffer.

IV,	And be it end&ed* That if any peHbn (hall receive vjhj® any perfon duly confined m fnch penitentiary boufe, or receive or aftrft 'm breaking open the fame, in order to free any per-«£!n braking 4b# tWcrtiri duly confined, Or*fhall afift any perfcfH fe •pen penitent!* duly confined in making his Cfcape therefrom, the perfon •nr houfe*, to fo offending being duly convf&ed, fhall be confident! fcBcf deetlv grfftty fcfony, tfnd Mkt delth II a ftfofc, Without bfc-ndit of detgy.

CHAf. XXfifc

jfo M to prtmtti Almfe* ni A Gdkdkm 4f Tots.

^rtTHEREA8 onrpomtlona frequently fofthdrfct perfort W of little Or no faBfttrtte to c6Sk$t tolls* to which they dfthb to be entitled s And whereto fuA toB-gatherent - compel diaay pevfons to pay tottrto which f«A corpora* t&nt ate not entitled by law, and when fufea have been in-Ahmed igiifrft ftfch ttdl-githtitrt for foch exa&octs, hf the petfous tj^ikval tkerroy, foch tofl-gathertia haye Been defended by* and at tbeexpenee of toeh anpohttior^ and after Judgment hid been obtained ngafeft fotft Wl-gatber-era* they have tm iwty> and the pfeirAfffe have been left wfthbnt any nefirtfo for the frtjdry they fufUfoed ; to prevent fnch pta&teea for the future* he it etii&ed by the Jt;ng*§ moft eaeellent Wajeffy* by and with the advice and con lent of the lords fplrftm and temporal, and Commons n! this rwCfeUt Partfamcnt affembled, and bjr the authority trK** rag «i. *6 A# fame* That from and after the firit day of Miy, dicrer* Ithsc * one thoufand feven htindredaod ninety two* Os dftert arfahy w»tt^ tOi-gftthtVen fhall feite or detain any goods or merchant cTiSw	dizet, for or upon account of any tolls cfernWd by a corpo-

&	ration* h fhall and may be lawful to arid for the pevfoa or

periesns who fhall think himfaf Or tfcmfeKea Sfgriefod thereby, to apply to the mayor or chief msgiltrerte ot foA cOr-pmanon, to be informed whether ftfch tolhgtitlWer hi* aded under the authority of fuch coeporatiotv, or left* and fuch mayor or chief tnagiforafe Is hereby tcqnirtd td give a certificate thereof to the peffonOr ptrfotiS fo applying 7 ahd ifr eatfe foc4i mayor or Aief rtagfttrate (haft tefidfe to gftC foA certificate, or (half certify that foch ttf&gitfterer ha* a&ed under the authority of luA corporation, then k fluff and may be fafvfol to and for the perfon or pCifonS who Hal! think hfafelf da themfclte* aggrieted tfittCBjV twibrn the

Ptawwr

/

tie fhkiy-Jkomt Tear of Georg* IQ.	jty

tveafurer or chamberlain of fnch corporation with fuch toll- 4* D-

rherer, in any aftion or replevin which he or they may >79*.

adrifed to Wing; and in cate he or they (hall obtain U judgment in fiich aftion of replevin, by default or. other*

Vrife, he or they (hall have the like remedy againft fuch treasurer or Chamberlain, as againft'fuch toll-gatberer, and fuch tretfurer or chamberlain (hall not be permitted to plead 4hemtfit in Ibch aftion or replevin; and in cafe fuch mayor or chief magiftrtfte (hall certify that fuch toll-gatherer did toot e*aft Tilth toll under the authority of fuch corporation then it (hall and may be lawful to profecutc fuch‘toil-gatherer for a mifdeme&nor, as a perfon railing money upon the libjeft without lawful authority-

C»A». XXX

An AS fot unphning and keeping in Repair the Roft Roadr of ^

tib Kingdom	G. J.C.4I. ' **

FO & the better Conveyance of his Majefty*s mails by mail-coaches, and the greater fecilrity of perfons tra-- eelHng therein t be it cna&ed by the King*s moft excellent Majdty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords f^iritual and temporal, and coifimons in this prefent parfia-tnent aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it fhafl be lawful for the grand jury of every county, county of a city, orcorfnty of a town, at any amzcs held after the waffing of this aft, to prefent any new road to be laid out new roada * n fuch county, to be made of any width not greater than as herein, fifty-two feet, nor lefs than forty-two feet in the clear, for the purpofe of (horteniog the diftance between the city of Dublin, and any poll town to which his M^efty*« mails are * at prelent conveyed, or (hall hereafter be conveyed} or for avoiding any hill or precipice, or othefwife rendering the communication between the faid places more lhfe and con* venient $ and alfo to prefent all fuch fums of mooey as Audi be neopfiary for laying out the feme, and making fences thereto, not exceeding the rate of fix-pence by the perch for laying out, and one (hilling and fix-pence for each perch of fence, to beraifedoff the county at large, or the barony Or half-barony, county of a city, or dOnnty of a town, in which the fame fitaH be fituate.

IL Provided always. That no prtffenttoent (hall be made	o prefent*

at any affixes for laying out any fucb new road, unlefs it ment to be (hall appear to the grand jury by affidavit of one credible made “til an jperfon, ftrorn before any^uftice of the peace, that a map

%	^	f

Digitized by

DOglc

$18

A. IX

' *79^-•Cluj). 30. ,

Affidavit flail fee made by t

pc foot, at herein.

The thirlyfecond Tear ef George Ilia

of fucb intended new road has been depoltted with the team furer of the county twenty-one day* at leall before the com-* Dh’lfion day of fuch affizcis and that a notice fetting for tit that application is intended to he made at fuch affiaes for fuch new road, diilinguifhing every town-land and barony, or half barony, through which the fame is propofed to be laid cut, and the number of perches it is to be made ia Jength, rfuough each town-land, has been perfonally ferved upon, or left at the houfe of each occupier of the land through which fuch new road is propofed to be made, and that a like notice has been alfo polled on the door of the county court-houfc, twenty-one days at the leaft before fiich com million day.

111.	And be it further enaded, That no money (hall be prefented for making any fuch new road, unlefs an affidavit fworn by two credible perfons, who can read and write, be* fore any two juilrccs of the peace, in the following form# be firfl. laid before the grand jury.

Form of affi- County of	7	of

davit.	3 and	°f

Jo f wear, that it will require the pim of Id male	perches	of the new road propofed to lr

latd Qutf for laid out as th$ cofe may be) from the pof town of	, io the poft town of

between	and	all in the barony

or balf-barony of	in	this	county,

feet wide in the clear of all ditches, banks, drains or fences, * and	feet	wide	at	the	leaf,	with gravel or JmaA

fanes. Icing at therate pf	by	the	pen	/>

•nhicfj fum is a rcafonabie charge to the bejl of their judgment and belief

Ho money to IV And be it furthefr enafted. That rto money ftall be be p.:;d, unltfs paid by the treafurer of any county, on account of any on ai' davit of fuch preferment, unlcfs an affidavit of one of the over-tn ovetker, Ac. £.tri thereof, (worn in like manner, or before one of the, judges of	in	the	form	following,	be firft laid before

the grand jury^ and delivered by them with the querc book to the court >

fmm of afg. County of	)	Whereas	the	fum	of	was

dswr.	)	prefented	at	affixes to

male	perches	of	a	new	road,	from the pop town

of	to	the	pcjl	town	of

between	and	,	feet	wide in the clear of.

all ditches, banks, drains cr fences, and	feet	wide at

the leaf, .with gravel or ftnailfonts, all in th^ barony or half *	...	barony

Digitized by

Google

The thirtyfecond Tear of Cieorge III. harrmy of'~	Now	I

- do fiuear, that / have faithfully and honejlly expended the fitm of	l(i	mating	perches	of	the	faid

ioad, and that every part of the faid	perches,	is

feet wide in the clear, between the di/chts, hanks, drains or fences, and is fafe and lev I throughout the whole of the faid width) for carriages to pafs and repujs on, and that	feet	at	the	leaf, of the faid wnhh,

is made with gravel or fmailJlones, and that every part of the faid work ti:a\ fanijhcdjwo clear days be fare the commiffion day of the prefeat qjfizes.

V.	And he it further cqaeled, That it (hall be lawful for any grand jury, as aforefaid, to prefent any j#art of raay lent old any old road leading from the city of Dublin, to any pod poft roads m be town on which his Majefty's mails are at prefeitt, or here-after (hall be conveye^ to be widened to any width not ex-	***

ceeding fifty-two feet in the clear, and not lefs t^an forty- ^ two feet.

VI Piovided always, That no fuck road (hall be pre*	.

fented to be widened to the width aforefaid, unlefs it (half	-

appear to the grand jury, by affidavit of one credible per- farcin, fon, fworn as aforefaid, that notice has been personally, ferved upon, or left at the houfcs of the feveral occupiers of the ground irfto which the fame is to be widpned, twenty-one days at lead hefore the commiffion day of focli affixes, fetting forth the intention to apply for fueh preferment a* jfuch affixes, and that a didinft and accurate map of fuch* part of the road, fpecifying the part to be widened, the fide on which it is to be widened, and thefize and lit nation of every houfe thereon, and of all walls built with lime and	v

done or brick, as may be nccefTary to be removed for the purport of fucl> widening, has been depofited with the treasurer of the county, twenty-one days at lead before fuph commiffion day

VII. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful Qnnd larks for any grand jury, as aforefaid, to prefent all fuch fumsof may pr< fent ne^ money as may be nccefery-for fuch widening of any fuch ceffary fums.H* road, to be raffed off the county at large, or the barony, uluah half-barony, county of a city, or county of a town, upon, the like affidavit, and fubje& to the like mode of account as is noV preferred by few, refpe&ing prefentments for-' widening roads, except only that the following words may be omitted in the affidavit tp.be laid before the grand jury - fdr grounding the preferment, yis^ and that no part of the. faid perches is twenty-one feet wide in the clear of ditches, drains.

$r fences, and enclofed on both fades with walls built jf lime, qsjdJlqttf qr trick five feet high«

■	*	YIII.Au*

Digitized by L^ooQle

Tto ttotyfroomd Tern. rfGmr^

A* D, VIII. And be i% further ena&ed, That in cyery prcCpd* 179a. ment for making any foch new rpofa yr repairing any fade Chap. 30, old one, the grand Jury njay prefent the whole width of the :	road, or fo much thereof al they ftiall think, proper, to he

Vr^ry	made with gravel or fmaO Hones; and that in the blank in

the affidavit fjpr accounting to be fworn by the overfcer, put of therpad	which k to fpecify the number pf feet in width at the leat^

to he made.	fo made or repaired with gravel pr fmall Hones, fuch width

fo prefontod (hall be inferted.

IX.	And whereat great danger ari£$s tp perfpu* travel Hng by night in, the faid coaches, or other wife, from the drains oy trenches of the fences on the fides of roads, and it would tend very much to the (afety of travellers if the lpacka or hanks were turned towards the. road, apd the dnu%

Crapd jurist dr trench to the fields; be it therefore ena&ed, That where-may prefcut for fver the drain or trench of any ditch fhall be fit uale next tp fpag^p df^in^ any part, of any pnhh'c rood whaifoever, whether the fame &c*	be a poft road or not, it ihall be Wfcl for apy gmaif

jury as aforefaidb to prefent fuch fum or fums of money ta be raifed, aa afovefaia^ pot exceeding one (billing and £x-pence by the perch, as may be neoclary for filling up Aida trenches or dews, and making a fumdent fenoe mi^cad thereof ' '	^	rrrrr*........................

X.	Provided always. That an affidavit fworu as afore*

Jpid, by any two credible perfoas wbo can read write, be inf bid	the flN^ jury, »n the form fol^

fauriig;

credible peiionf t* b«, firft laid t.eforc grand ‘

F«?ncf a^-	ff’	mul-

[flu	if	do/wear, thmttl^ tomwrfwxd

parches of the roadfrom the tomnt'eft ‘	Xdt

town of ‘ '	**	tiqom	J	md.	T

all io ikt barpMj ef	fo	this	andttot

r tometospf tfftdnmk or trerghes if ttofemei thereto mmedtoulf adjoin the fad rood* whhoot my tori or

Money not to XL Provided ako, That pp money #>aU to paid on *c-fe paid unlefs	count of anr fuch prefontment by tbc Wfofowr of any

an affidavit m	county, unlefs an affidavit fwprh asafarefaid, or before one

1.CCbffo«m of the judge, of «?U iy o*? of ***.?*°f** jury, &C,	read and wr,tc> » the foUowu\g form, Ihall to 1“ before

the grand jury, and by them jdch'wsd with the quere book to the courtj

IVhertot

09UM Datum* Ufm mm UK rws, mm n amt refmre eaejorn if	'	'	'	tfcfae, mdmtomfiffnent

feme, north mtrtndtor drakomitoj^fdei^a^ybm^mtto rate of •	'*	to	ttg	mod thauto find fum	it

a rcafonobU $argr> to the toft tftfajudgmomt*

Digitized by

Go<

Ths thirty fecond	or of George JI1.

Whereas the fum of	was	frefented	at

affixes far filing up	perches of ditches on

Jtdt of the road from the town of	to	the town

of	between	and

mil in the barony of	in Jaid county, and making

a fujfcient fence with the trench or draft on the jieldfidi thereoff injhad of thofe that may be dejlroyed. blow 1 one of the overfeers, do fwear that I have faithfully and honef-ly expended the faid fum in filing up the faid perches of aitches, and in making fujjicient fences injtead of thofe that are defrayed^ and that the Jaid perches of ditches have been completely filed, and the hacks are turned to the road in cilery part of the Jaid perches^ and that there is a Jujfuient fecuriiy to preferve travellers from danger, arifng from the drain* or trenches; and that there is a fujfcien; pffjagt for the water in every part

*krrvf'

XU. And be R further ena&cd, That no tooocy (hull be paid by the treafurer of any county* county of a city, or p^c^cpF county of a town, on account of any ditch to be made in as herein. ‘ purfuancc of this a&, utiicfs the following words (hall be infested in the affidavit to account, appointed to be fwom by the oyerfecr, via. and wherever the fence fo eroded is a ditch that the back or bank thereof is ftuaU next the road9 and the drain or trench need the folds % and that the width of the road it not thereby dminffbed.

XIII.	And whereas great inconvenience urifes from channels, for the conveyance of water acrofs roads being hit open, and carriages are thereby greatly delayed, and frequently injured: be it therefore ena&cd, That no money

fhall be paid on account of making or repairing any road fwc#r tjiere, within the description of this act, ttnlei's the following words is no open cat fhall be added to the affidavit to account, to be fwom by fo*V¥atcr acrots one of the overfeed, via. and that there it fo ofen cm or chan- lhe *•***• ad for the conveyance off water acrofs the fur, ace of the Jaid rpadt in any fart of thefjd	perches.

XIV.	And be it further enbfted* That it fhall be lawful	^

for any grand jury as aforefaid, to prefeflt to be raifed on may pceient lor the county at large* fuch fum or fums of money ps m^y lowwjnghjlb, be neceHary for lowering any hillx or filling up any liollow, ^

or both* on any of the spads aforefaid, leading diredly from one poft-topvn to anptber poll-town, for the purpole of rendering fuch road more fate and convenient lor cpr-

aV4 Provided always,. That na fuch prefentsnent (hall No fuch pre-be made, unlcfs an affidavit fwom by two credible perfoos kntment, unJcfa who os read and writs,, b«£m two juftiqgs pi the pcacc^^^1* m

form.



»# p»y> w*!*1*

affidavit as hcrcip.

Tie thirijfhond Tectr of George HI.

b« Uid bffpre the grand iuryf fetting forth that the fciq required is a reafonablc charge, and that' the lowering fuch hill, or filling pp fuch hollow, or both, (as the cate may be) is neceflary to the bell of their judgment, for the cafe und convenience of carriages travelling the faid road ; and that the faid road cannqt in their opinion be conveniently changed, fo as to ayoid fuch hQl or hollow, without incurring a greater expence, or caufing a confidurable encreafe of length m the faid road, (as the cafe may be,) which latter part after the ^oros travelling the faid road, may be omitte^ fn the affidavit, if a presentment for laying out any new road, whereby fuch hill or hollow might be avoided, has at any time previous thereto, been applied for, and refufed by the grand jury* or not fiated by th^court, or if Hated ha^ not been carried into execution, *

Treasurer met XVI. And be it further ena&ed, That no money Shall be paid by she treafurer pf any county, on account of any fuch presentment, unlcfs an affidavit of one of tfic overfeers thereof, fworn in like manner, or before one of the judges pf affize, in the following form, be firft. laid before the grand jury, npd delivered by tljem with \fcc qugre book tq , the cour*. | '	*	*	‘	#

l onp of affi- Cvunty of	0 fFbereet tbt/ugf tf	w>

davit. ‘	5 profented at	for

this county, to loy/er a bill or fjl up a hollow, or both (which pall be fit forth, as it is deferibed in the prefentment.) N*w 1	do five or, that I ha*, efaithfully

and bonejily expended the fum of	in	execution

of I he faid work, purfuant to the faid prefentment, and that the work has been effectually executed to the brfi of my fiiil a*4 knowledge*

XVII.	And whereas it is eflentiaUy neceflary for preferring in due repair the roads aforefaid, that provifiou be made for the immediate repair of fuch breaches as may happen in the winter feafon j be it fprther cna&ed, That i^ Grind juries fliall be lawful for any grand jury as aforefaid, at any aflizes, Invmsdijie^c-1^ t0 Prcfcnt *n advance without any previous affidavit to be pair as hcriio.^ kid before them, any Turn not exceeding* the rate of fix-pence by the perch, to be raifed off any barony or halfbarony, county of a city, or county of a town, for the purpofe of being expended between fummer aflizes and Jpring aflizes, in repairing, keeping in repair, deanfing,

. ,	djefling. or providing materials for repairing any part of.

parts of any of the roads aforefaid, in fuch barony or h^lf-,;r . parony, county of a city, or county of a town, leading pi* ■* '	rpcily froiA tkJft'-ltown tq poft-towm.

XVIII.	An$

The thirty-fecond Tear of George III,

'5CVIII. And be it ena&ed, That as often as the over-feer appointed by the grand'jury for any fuch presentment, {hall prove upon oath to the fatisfy&ion of any two juftices of the pea^e appointed fgr that purpofe, as is herein after mentioned,, that he has expended any film in pursuance of fetch presentment, and (hall alfg lay an account before them of the particulars of the expenditure thereof, and verify the fame upon oath, it (hall be lawful fgr fuch juftices from time to time, by warrant under their hands and fcals at the foot, or oh the back, of the faid affidavit, to order the Ucafgrer of tfie cognty, to pay immediately to fuch over fee r, the furo pr fums fet forth in fuch affidavit, to have been expended with fuch wages for the overfeer, as the faid jufticej (hall £hink reafonable, not exceeding one Shilling in the pound ; and the treafurer of every county as aforefaid, is hereby required to obey the fame ; provided the Turn oc fums fo ordered, (hall not exceed in the whole the amount of the prefentment; and provided the account jhereby requited to be 4et forth* be annexed to the affidavit.

XIX.	And b$ it ena&ed. That all money fo prefented in adjftncc, may be accounted for at the enfuiog affixes befor<Tthe grand jury, in like manner as before two juf* tices, and fo much thereof as (hall not be fo accounted for, pr for which no order as aforefaid (hall have been iiTued before the faid fprin^ affixes, foall be re-prefented by the grand jury at fuch enfuing fpriiig affizes, to go in aid of the presentments on fqch barony, half-barony, county of a city, or county of ’a town, at fuch affixes

XX.	And be it further enafted, Th^t whenever any grand

jury as aforefaid, (hall in purfuance of the powers invdted in them by this adt, prefect any money in advance for the pnrpofes before mentioned, they (hall appoint by prefentment, two or more juftices of the peace, for the purpofe of receiving the account of fuch money, n«d making the orders aforefaid.	.............

XXI.	And iF one or both of the fijid juftices (hall die, ©r (hall refufe to ad ; be it enaded, That the juftices of the peace affemblcd at the quarter feffions, next after fuch prefentment, or at any adjournment thereof, (hall appoint one or two juftices of the peace to ad in the place of fuch juftice or juftices as rtiall die, or (hall refufe to ad.

XXII.	And be it eriatted, That nothing herein contained " (hall authorise any grand jury to prefent any new road to

be laid out, °r made through any part of any demefnc or deer-park, or any old roacf to be widened into any demefne pr deer-park, without the confent of the owner being firft obtained in writing under his hapd.

*	I	XXIII,	And

On oath of overfeer to fatff*? faction of 2 jufr tice*, of fum

expended by #

him, thejmaj order payment as herein.

Money prefented in advance may he accounted for at enfuiog affixes. Sec.

When grand juries prelcnt money in advance, they (hall appciit % juftices to receive accounts, «ec.

If juftices die, or refufe to act, jtif* lice* at quarter-feftions may appoint others.

Roads herein excepted not t© be made.

Digitized by

tr»Tjerfed at fimgaflizn in which made, 9Ur

7ltihiriffim*4 far yf G<*ygc W»

XXHI. And be it further eng0cdy Tbit fveiyr pgefeau ipcoc made pnder the authority of this j»fl, for Uytngoot or making any new road, or widening any pld onr, may bf to* ^	verfed at the fame affixes in which it fhajj he made, and fuch

^ciciitnKmf traverfe (hall he tried then, or *t the next affixes, and th*t it (hall he lawful for the owner or occupier of any ground* or any perfon having intereft therein, through wfech fetch new road is to be made, or into which fiich coo road is cp bp widened, or for the owner or pecupier of any houfe or other building, or any perfon interetied therein, which is to bo taken down in confeqoence of fach prefentmeot, to inverts the fame for damages at the fame affizes at which it fhajl be made, and focb traverse (hati be tried then, or at the qnfo-ing affixes, and the jury which (hall try fnch traverfe ftsB true \crdi& give whether any, and wfiat damages fhail accrue thereby to the traverfer or traverfers, and upon the da* mages fo found being paid to him, her, or them, or deported with the county treafurer lor his, her, or their ufe, it Ihall be lawful for the overfoeror overieers to proceed in the execution of foch prefentmeot without the interruption of any perfon whatfoever, and it (hall be lawful for any grand jury as aforefeid, to prefent fuch fum or focus of money fo {baud for damagcs,or any part-theseof, to he r^tCApo the Weeny, half-barony, county of a city, or emu#y at* tmva* iu which the ground or houfe or other buying* (hall be fituatp, on account of which fuch damages ftmlJ hove been awarded to the traverfer or troverfers, to which piofene-ment no traverfe (hall be allowed*

XXIV.	Apd be it further declared and cna&ed. That Wherever the word “ poll-town” is mentioned in ibis ^3, it the limits of every prefent ment or power of preferment, the poft-officefor delivery of letters in fuch town at the time pf fwearing the afidafcit for grounding the prefentnvent,dull be underilood to be meant k) as to indude within the pro-vifions of the ad the whole of the poll-road pafifog through the poft-tdwBS,

XXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-fotd, That if any perfpn (hall build any houfe, pr part of a

within jofcet of houfe, within thirty feet of the centre of any of the (aid retire	roads, except in a corporate or bcrough-uxwn, or (hall build

or wkj£ iA' >ny wall, or make any ditch within twenty-fix feet ol the within jqo	centre of the (aid road, or (hall build any windmill within

}4rdj •,	one'hundred yards thereof, or (hall make or have any way

or pafage from any of the (aid roads into the lands adjoining, without placing a gutter pi arch underneath fiich wag vn pad'age, as deep as the drain or .ditch over which it is 9r iliaII be made, fo as to allow all water which may at Ujf time be therein full rbom to pafs; or (hall burn, or permit or fuffer to-be burned on his or her Jand, bricks or lime,^ KCQdf or vegetable fubftance for afocs, within onchundwt

fret

T8 to be onderOood wherever the wflfd 44 prfft town0 iisMS-boned*

Perfonsw-Vp IciW * houfe.

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-ficmd Te*r ^George IlLv

999

fxt of the centre of toy of the Gad roods, eveiy fechper-	Ar	D.

Ion (ball upon convifKon thereof, by the cpnfeftion of the 179s*

party, pr the oath or animation of one credible wit- (hqi. 39W

fiefs, before any juftice of the peace, 07 upon the view of

fuch juftice, forfeit the Aim of forty (hillings; rnd if any Co^tk^L

perfon(hall tfinnow or lay out for winnowing any com on

any of the (aid roads, pr fhall lay any ftraty, dong, pr mb? . ‘

fcift* thereon, or (hall fcrape the fame without the order of

the oyerfeprs, or ft^all lay the fcowrkig or earth of any ditch

pr drain, or any tqrf on the faid road; pr ihall leave on any*

part of the fame, between encloture and enclofure, or per-

psit to be left thefeon oppoftte or near to his or her houfe,

any carriage whatfoever, or any plough or hairow without

the hoHie pr hprfcs, or other bead or beafts being hamefled	■»

thereto, unlefo fuch carriage as ftullbeaccidentally broken (cm*ret**.

down there, and cannot be remoyed without rppmr ,*or Oiall tidcaJ&ij br©-

lpread out any linen, blanket, or winnow (beet within thir-ken, eiccpcedjf

ty feet pf the centre of any of the faid roads ; pr (hall beat °^fPrc*£°,,t

or dry any flaa, or leave any timber, -or any (tones, fender

time, without permiffion of the ovetfears, oq anyof the faid 0f ccmi*, ac. *

roads, except for the ufe of the faid rpad; or (hall leave of

permit to be left the carcafe of any horfe or bead, or (kin, ox

permit the fame to be (tinned on any of the faid roads, or

Within one hundred yards of the oro^rp thereof, except in, a

houfe or ' yard enplojed with trails; or (hall lead or drive

any car or carnage wi{h timber, boards, or iron laid acrofs,	»

fo as that either end thereof (haH pre#& beyond the tides or

wheels; or on wl^ch (haty bp laid any beams Pr pieces of-tim-,

bers or planks, oc pieces of planks above the length of thir.

teen feet, -except on carriages ^rith four wheels, and carts,

or two common pars fo placed together, that the beams or

pieces, or planks, (hall be laid lengthways thereon ; orihaH

drag any timber pr mill-dones along any part of the (aid

roads, without being iupported by v/neels from touching the

(sune ; or (hs(lere$ apy fign-poft, or may-pole, or may- orwftaftgn-

^uifh, on any pqrtol the (aid roads; or (hall place or erc$

any turf-ftack thereon, every perfon fo offending (hall for- ftaX, Ibifeit*

jeit the foin of twenty (hillings, u ponton vifUon as afbrefaid sot. 1

before any juftics of the peace, by the oath of one credible

witnefs, or upon the view of fuch juftice, which penalties	*

and forfeitures (hall be levied, if not paid upon coayi&ion,

by diftrefs upon the goods and chattels of tne offender, by

warrant under the hand and leal of fuch juftice, returning

f ile overplus to the owner; fuch fines and forfeitures to be

given at t^e difcfction of fach juftice to the informer, or tb

the treaiurer pf the epunty wherein the offence (hall be com*

milted, to be by him applied in aid of the presentments on

tip barony wherein fuck road (hall He5 or it (hallbe lawfu^

(or fuch juftice opofe non-payment on convi&on, to commit the offender to 4hc gaol or houfe pf correction, for any

Digitized by

Google

The thtrtjfeeanA Tear of George III.

tun* not exceeding ten days, or until fuch fine fhafl be pnkl.

XXV(. And be it mailed. That it (hall and may be lawful for the fevcral grand juries aforefaid, to pretent one or more ovcrlccrs who can read and write, to carry into execution the feveral presentment* to be made by virtue of this id, and to prefenc any fum not exceeding one (hilling in the pound,, of the font to be by him origma.iy expended, lobe paid to inch overfeer or overfeer* lor his or their wages, to be raifed and paid in like manner a* wages (or overicen appointed by the Several grand juries in ini* kingdom are now by law raifed and.paid.

XXVII.	And be it further cna&cd, That each and ever? overfeer who lhall be appointed by virtue of this ad, Hull have the like power and authorities a* any of the overicen appointed under any of tho laws now in force for u.e amending, repairing, or making the public roads now have, or are entitled to.

XXVIII.	And be it enafted, That all juilices of thf peace within their reipe&ive jurrfdi&ions, (hail have power to adminifter all oaths directed by this alt to be taken, and that any perfon who (hall wilfully (wear talfe therein, lhall incur the pains and penalties to whi$h perfons guilty o( wilful and corrupt perjury are now liable to.

XXIX* And ior the better prefervation of the turnpike road leading from the city of Dublin, to the town of Kil-cullen-bridge, and to the twenty-one mile ftone weftwa*d of the faid towu, and preventing nuiiauces thereon $ be it en-a&ed. That the directors of tne faid road Audi have the fame powers and authorities for carrying into effect the feveral alls of parliament for the repair of the faid road, as are thereby granted to the juilices of the peace of the cQuntie| in which the (aid road is fituate, and no more.

XXX. And whereas dlones and bricks frequently fall oq tfoneTorbricklf l^c Wd road from the cars on which they arc joj^leo, a»4 to br boarded u arc left remaining thereon, to the great inconvenience of perfons travelling the faid road* be it therefore enaQcd, I hat every car that (hall cart y any Hones or bricks on the (aid road, lhall bet boarded on the front, fides, and back thereof, with boards eight inches high at the lead; and that for every car fo loaden which lhall not be boarded in manner aforcuid^ it lhall and n>ay he lawful for the gate-ktepers at every gate on the faid road, tq demand and take the fum. of one billing for every fuqh car, every time it (hall pal* through any of the faid gates, in like planner, and with the (ame remedies Upon refufal, as in cafe pf any other toll now paid or payable at any turnpike gate on the faid rpad; and the owner or owners of every car loaden as aforefaid, without b^og hoarded as aforefaid, (ball forfeit the fum of ten.(billings lipon convidion, on the ogtb of opc credible^unc(*. before

sof

Grand juries may prefeut (sverfrers and poundage.

Fewer* of overicen.

AH juilices empowered to adminiftcr paths.

For prefem-tion of rnad from Dublin to KilcuUen-bridge, Ac.

dire&ors to have fame powers as juf-tices.

herein,

or pay is. at every gate.

and owner (hall forfeit toe.

Digitized by

Google

The thirtyfeconi Tear of Gdbrge III.	fjfi

Any ji*(Kce of the peace within hb jurifdi&ion, which fuirt	A- D«.

Aia.Il be levied and applied in the manner dire&ed for levying	j 792*

and applying the fevcral penalties impofjpd by an alt of tne Cbap. 30, tuenty-leventh of his prefent Majelty’s reign, entitled,

An net for improving and repairing tie tu< npike load leadiig frt in the city of Dublin, to Kite aim-bridge in tie county of Kildure, and to the twenty one mile ft one eft ward of thefaid bridge.

XXXI.	And whereas it is neceflary for the better raa- Drains and

nngement of the faid road, that the drains on the Tides there- ditches under of, fhould be under the controu! of the (hid directors 5 be it the muu^emeiit therefore enabled, That if any perfon (hall fcour, deepen,	<hrec-

fill up, or widen any drain or ditch, or any part of any

drain or ditch, on the. fide of any part of the laid road, without the order of the faid directors, or any three of them, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid directors, or any three of them, to cauie the fame to be filled up or fcoured as they may think fit, andtolexy the cxpcnce thereof by dilbefs and fale of the goods of fuch oerlon,

XXXII. And for the better feenrity of perfi-iw travel- Diredonmay ling*the faid road: be it tnalted, That it lhal) be lawfnl caufe ditches to for the faid dire&ors to caufe tjie ditches on the Tides of the bc

faid road to be filled up, wherever they (ball think proper, and to make other -drains or trenches ihilead thereof, with the back or bank next the road, and to make compenfatiott out of the tolls of the faid road to the perl'ons whole land may be waited theteby 5. and if any perfon (hall oppofe the faid directors, or the perfpns by them employed therein, or (hall remove any part of. the materials which (hall have been placed in any of the faid ditches, or (hall take down any part of the backs or banks which are, or (hall be railed between the laid road, and the drainr or trenches on the Tides of it*' without the order of the faid directors, or any three of them, and (hall be thereof convicted on his own confelfion, or the oath of one credible witnefs before any jullicc of the peace, or *ny of the (aid dire&ors within his jurifdidion, (hall forfeit any fum not exceeding forty (hillings for every fuch offence, to be applied and recovered in like manner as is directed by an a<5 palled in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majelty’s reign, entitled, An au for improving and repairing the turnpike road leading from the city of Dublin to Kileullen bridge m the county of Kildare, and to the twenty-one milejhne weft ward ot tie faid bridge.	*1

XXXIII. And whereas the grand juries of the feveral	Seem tries tt

counties are by law empowered to appoint a fecretary or	at^n

clerk of the grand jury at any one afHzc9 to alt as fuch at	i&inL

the affizes following, but no provifion is made for the ap-	T

poiitment of fuch fecretary, in cafes where the grand jury

have negle&cd in fuch manner to appoint; be it enacted

by

Digitized by (^.ooQie

TbOb^fkmd 9Wy 6tofge lit

hf the authority aforefoid,, That any perfoit who hit tXe% appointed, or (hall hereafter be appointed to aft as fecrctiry of the grand jury at any affixes* (Hal have' full and ampk power to aft as fuch at any aflizes enfiling, until another perfon (hall be appointed in his room, and if fuch fecretary (hall die, or if from unavoidable drcumflances, he (hall be rendered incapable of receiving the affidavits for prefect* menu fix days before the firftday of the affixes, ind raking m fchedule in purfuance of the provifioni of the aft of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth of his prefect Majafty* h that cafe made and provided, it (hall and may he Uwfol for the grand jury to make presentments on filth affidavit! » . _.	. (hall be depofited with the tfeafarcr, any time prenaas to

ydgumay fiat ^ fccon(j of the affixes, and for the judge of affise to fiat the fome in like manner as If focb affidavits had been received by the fecretary of the grand jury fix days previous to the fitting day of the affixes, and a Schedule made there* of, any thing in this or any other aft to the contrary tatsy wife notwithftanding; and the faid trCafurer (hall be entiled to receive iuch compenfatioo for his trouble in making t Schedule of faid presentments, aa the fecretary of the gmi jury would have received*

XXXIV.	Provided always, That an affidavit (haB be made to the filttsfoftien of the going judge of affixe, tod the foreman of the grand jurv, Caring the caufc why focb presentments were not lodged fix days as before mentioned, nod why the ufual Schedule was not then made, as is by ha inquired.

XXXV.	And whereat doubts have arifen, whether the powers now veiled in the oommiffionefs for making a vide and convenient way, (farcet, or paflage from Effil-bridge to the caftle of Dublin, and for making wide and convenient paflaget through the city of Dublin, extended further thin to all places within the Emits of the circular-road) and whereas the town is now extending beyond the limits of the laid circular-road, and narrow and irregular ftreets are now building beyond the fiud Emits, and it will tend to the improvement and ornament of the capital, to extend the powers of the (aid cormniffioners to places not further diftant than half a mile beyond the (aid cttculir-road ; be it enafted and declared, That all the powers ind authorities heretofore, and now vefted in the faid con*

aAU. tniffioncra, (hall extend, and be conftrued, and are here* Shveta, ceee^cd declared to extend to all places within half a mile ba^Msilebs* of the limit* of all parts of the faid circular-road, yood circalar*

m*-

|	CHAP

Affidavit of to be

Powers of

Digitized by Goode '

The ttiifyfinnd Toarrf George 1IL

CHAP, XXXL

Am A3 to empower Hit Mtyefly to grout Lkeufis to Lmdt m Mortmam*

WH ERE AS it would be ufcfal that the King, hb heir* and fuCctflors, ftiould be empowered to grant liccnfea to alien, and hold lamb in atartmain; be k there* fore eroded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpfritoal and temporal, and commons in thts Orefent parliament affembkd, and by thd authority of the fame % That k (hall and may be btafbl»to and lor the King, and his heirs and fucceftbra, ^hehify when and sH often, and in fuch cafes as his Majefty, hb J^eSaTsi^ heirs or foctefiors lhafi think fit, to grant to any perfoa . orjperfons, bodbs politic at corporate, their Heirs and foe* ccflors, licenfe to albn in mortmain, and alfo to ptiTchafe, aCqoire, take, and hdd m mortmain, in perpetaity ar other wife, hay lands, tenements, tents, or hereditaments whatfocrer, of wtomfoever the fame (hall be hoAdcm

IL And It it hereby declared, That lands, tenement Such bads, •chta, of hetedkaaMfiCa, fo to bte aliened, or actaated, tod licenfed* Aal act be fyfejea tb qny faefafaut far, ar fey reafon of fuch alienation or acquifition.

CHAP. XXXI I.

j#h AS ft eteabU Ahem horn ont of the Allegiance of Hit Majefty, Hit Heitt and Snctiffirs, to take Lands, T intents, and ; Hereditamentt in this Kingdom, by Way of Mortgage ,/nljeS to certain Reflei&ions.

WHEREAS it is expedient to enable aliens bora out of the allegiance of his Majefty, hb heirs axu^ feteceflors, to take mortgages df lands, tenements, or here* dkament8 in this kingdom, or of any eftate or idtertft tltert-.

In i be it enacted by the King9! ifeoft etcdknt Majefty, by

and wkh the advice and Cometft ot the lords (jrintum and

temporal, and cofrnmofn in this prefent parliament aflemMed,

ahd by the authority of the fame. That all mortgages made Mortgigas

ta, or in trnft tek tlieat both out of the dkgnaset of the hitnift lor



H

40*	Wr thirty feebnA Tear	$/	George	ilf.	i

A. t>.' King*! moll excellent Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, (hill

1792.	be good and valid in this kingdom, whether the fovcrctgii of fuch alien, or the date to which he or Ihe belongs, be at peace or at war with his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs} and it {hall and may be lawful to and for every fuch alien to tranfmit or aflftgn . every fuch mortgage to bis or her heirs,* ' executors, adminiftrators, or affigns refpe&ivtly, in like manner as the natural born fubjeeb of hit Majefty, Iris heirs and fuccefTors may do.

Alien* not to II. Provided always, and Be it ena&ed, Thai k foal not take advantage be lawful for any fuch alien, his or her heiis, executors, ad-•fomiflion of miniftrators, or afligns, being aliens, to take advantage of mortgagors. arty fgjjytu,* tt*ifiag at law, or to entet into pofleffion of any fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in coofcqucnce of wry omiflioii on the part of the mortgagor, his or her heirs, executors, adminiuiftrators, or afligns, to redeem fuch mortgage, purfuant to the terms thereof, but every fuch mortgage fo long as it (hall remain or continue to be the property of any fuch alien, (haA be deeded and taken to be only a pledge and fecurity for the debt fpecihed in fuch mortgage.

Aliens may 111. Provided alfo, and be it cnat&ed, That it (hall and rCC<H<d Pnnrj" may be lawful for every fuch alien to proceed by bill, or by yai inter . pCtjtjon jn any collrt 0f equity in this kingdom, for recovery of fuch debt, as well principal as intcreft, as fully ■	and effc&ually to all intents and purpofes, as the natural

boro fubjeds of his Majcfty, his heirs and fuocefibrt may

do.

CHAP. XXXIV,

Am Ac? to explain and amend an Ad made in this KingdoM* in the Eighth Tear of the Reign of King George the Fifdt Entitled, An Ad for the f<pplyi*g a Dejefl in am Ad fiifJ in the fccond Tear of the Reign of her late Majefly Anne* Entitled, An Ad for the Exchange of Gteles belong* ing to Churches in this Kingdom.

Preamble.

WHEREAS tire town and lands of Ballindpcg,

' in the fouih liberties of the city of Cork, and ly-ingnear the laid city, part of the eftate of the biihogg of tfoi dioccfe of Cotk, and their fucceflbrs, were in the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty out of leafe, and the right .reverend Peter Browne doftor in divinity, was ibid year one thoufand fovea hundred and twenty,

• „	%	hiihop

Digitized by v^ooQie

The thirty fecond Tear of George III,

bifhop of the united diocefca of Cork and Rofs, and the faid doctor Browne kept and referved one hundred and eighteen acres, part of the (aid lands of Ballynafpeg, in his own pof-f-ffion and occupation, and did not demife or leafe the fame to any perfon whatfoever; and the faid do&or Browne built and ere&ed on the laid one hundred and eighteen acres, a good fubHantial and convenient dwelling houfe, and a chapel thereunto adjoining, together with fuitable offices, and made feveral valuable improvements on the faid one hundred and eighteen acres, and rendered the fame at a great expence a fit and convenient country refidence for himfelf and his fuccefTors, bifhops of the faid diocefes of Cork and Rofs ; and the faid do£lor Peter Browne, by his laft will and teftament, bearing date the twenty-fecond day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty-fhe, devifed and bequeathed all his buildings and improvements at Bal-lynafpeg, or Bifhops-town aforefaid, to his fuccefTors bifhops of Cork, declaring it to be his delign and intention in erecting and making fiich buildings and improvements, and in referving the faid one hundred and eighteen acres out of leafe, for the ufe of the dwelling houfe fo as aforefaid built by him thereupon, that it fhould be always a convenient country refidence for all his fucccfTors bifhops of Cork, and that he had for that reafon built and confecrated a chapel contiguous to faid houfe, for their perpetual ufe, in good hopes that none of his fuccefTors bifhops of Cork, would ever fruflratc fuch his delign : And whereas all the fuccefTors of faid doctor Peter Browne, bifhops of Cork and Rofa, after his death, held, occupied and enjoyed the faid dwelling houfe, offices and chapel, and the faid one hundred and eighteen acres, part of the faid lands, of Ballynafpeg, as and for a menfal houfe and demefne, until the reverend Ifacc Mann, doctor in divinity, was promoted to the feid bifhopricks of Cork and Rofs, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, and the faid doctor Ifaac Mann, by indenture of feafe by him executed, and bfnr-ing date the eleventh day of Odtober, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, demifed the faid one hundred and eighteen acres, and the faid dwelling houfe and offices thereon, to Nicholas Smyth, efquire, his executors, adminiflrators and afligns, for the term of twenty one years, at the yearly rent of feventy-five pounds, although the fame were then well worth, and would fet to a folvent tenant for the yearly rent of three hundred and fifty pounds, and upwards, and the faid leafe was executed to the faid • Nicholas-Smyth, in trufl for the faid Ifaac lord bifhop of Cork and Rofs, his executors, adminiflrators and affigns; And whereas the faid dodtor Ifaac Mann died fome time in the year one thoufand Vol. IX.	C c	feven

402	The thirty•fectmi Year of George III.

A. D. feven hundred and eighty-eight, having executed his wifi,

1792.	and thereof appointed the reverend do&or Robert Auftiti*

Cliap. 34. and Samuel Mann, efquire, executors, who duly proved faitl *-^V***^ will, and obtained, probate thereof out oF his Majeftr’s court: of prerogative : And whereas the reverend Eufeby Cleaver, do&or in divinity, fucceeded the faid do&er Ifaac Mann in the bifhopricks of Cork and Rofs, and was (hortly afterwards tranllated to the united biftiopricks of Leighhn and Ferns, and the reverend William Fofter, do&or in divin;ty> was thereupon promoted to the faid biftiopricks of Cork and Rofs, and was in fome time after tranftated to the biihoprick of Kthnore, and the reverend William Bennett, doctor in divinity, was upon loch the tranflation of doelor Fotlcr, promoted to the laid biftiopricks of Cork and Rofs, and is now lord biftiop thereof: And whereas the faid doctors Cleaver and Fofter, whilft they refpe6Hvely continued bilhops of faid united ^biftiopricks of Cork and Rofs, did refpe£tively refufe to ratify or confirm the faid leafe of . faid houfe, offices, and one hundred and eighteen acres, part of faid lands of Ballynafpeg, executed as afdrefaid by the faid do&or Ifaac Mann, in any manner whatfoever, or to accept of any rent under the fame, and the faid dodtor WilLiam Fofter being adriftd that the faid leafe was not good and valid hi law# did by his feigned lcffee bring his eje&raent on the title, to defeat the faid leafe, and filed a bill in his Majefty’s high court of chancery, againft Charles Smyth, efquire, (udminiftrator, with the will annexed of faid Nicholas Smyth, efquire, who was then dead, and others, for difeovery of evidence in fupport of his title on the trial of the iftue on faid ejectment, but the faid doctor William Fuller was tranllated to the (aid fee of Kftmore before the iffue

*	on	fuch cje&ment could be tried : And whereas the faid

Nicholas Smyth is dead, and adminitration of the effects of the faid Nicholas, with his will annexed, has been granted and committed by hk Majefty's court of prerogative, to Charles Smyth, efquire, fon of the faid Nicholas Smyth : And whereas the faid doctor William Bennet, now lord bilhop of Cork and Rofs, being advifed that the faid leafe fo as afbrefaid, executed by the faid do£lor Ifaac Mann, of the (aid houfe, offices, and one hundred and eighteen acres of land, was not good and valid in law*, by his feigned IdFee brought his ejectment on the title as of Michaelmas term, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, againft the faid Charles Bmyth, perfbnal reprefentative of the faid Nicholas Smyth, to defeat the faid leafe, and did alfo file his bill in bis Majefty's high court of chancery, againft the faid Charles Smyth, and the faid executors of the will of laid doctor Ifcac Mann, for difeovery of evidence in fupport

\

Tlie thirty-fecond Tear of George III

403

port of his title on the trial of the iflue on the faid eje&- A. D. tnent, but before the faid iflue could receive a trial, an 1792. ag^ement was entered into, and concluded between the Chap. 34. faid doctor William Bennet, lord bifhop of Cork and Rofs, and the faid executors of the faid doctor Ifaac Mann, and the faid Charles Smyth, for the purchafe of faid interell in the faid houfe, offices, and one hundred and eighteen acres of land under the faid leafe thereof, fo as aforefaid executed by the faid doctor Ifaac Mann, to the faid Nicholas Smyth, and in purfuance of fuch agreement, an indenture bearing date the nineteenth day of September, one thou land feven hundred and ninety-one, between the faid reverend archdeacon Auftin, and Samuel Mann, efquire, executors of the faid doctor Ifaac Minn of the one part, and the faid reverend doctor William Bennet, lord bifhop of Cork and Rofs, of the other p ut, was duly exec ited, whereby in confederation of five hundred'pounds paid, or fufficientl) fe-cured to the faid executors, by the faid William Bennet, lordbifhop of Cork and Rofs ; and alfo in conlideration that he the faid lord bifhop of C ork and Rofs, had by faid i.»den-turc, indemnified and difeharged the (aid executors from the payment of all arrears of rent then due out of the faid pre-niiffes, they the faid executors, with the content and approbation of the faid Charles Smyth, (teflified by his attorney Pryce Peacock, efquire, being a fubferibing witnefs to the faid indenture,) granted, bargained, fold and aflign-cd to the faid lord bifhop of Cork and Rofs, the faid houfe, offices, and one hundred and eighteen acres, part of faid lands of Ballynafpeg, and all their intrrell in the fame, under or by virtue of the faid indenture of leafe thereof, fo as aforefaid executed by the faid Ifaac. heretofore lord bifhop of Cork and Rofs, to the faid Nicholas Smyth, in trtift for him the faid Ifaac, his executors and adminiftrators, together with the faid indenture of leafe, and the faid William, now lord bifhop of Cork and Rofs, is now in pufteffiun of the laid houfe, offices, and one hundred and eighteen acres of lands, by virtue of fuch agreement and purchafe, and the faid leafe thereof is thereby totally at an end and ex-tinguilhed: And whereas the laid W iliam lord bi.hop of Cork and ;Rofs, is defirous that the faid houfe, offices, and one hundred and eighteen acres of land, fhould for ever remain as a menfal houfe and demdne, and menfal lands for hhrttelf and his fuccefiors bilhops of Cork, according to the defign and intention of the faid do&or Peter Browne, heretofore lord bifhop of Cork and Rofs, exprefled in his faid will, the fame being fit and convenient fur the country relidence of the faid lord bifhop of Cork and Rute, and his fucceflbrs, hilltops of faid fees, and the faid William lord

C c 2

bifhop

and

<tffke» hcrtin. to !'<* f»r ever a manfion ^oufe, See lorthcju-5 of Cork.

Eifhop of Coil; to prove fums expended at herein, Ac.

The thirty fecund Tear of Geofge III,

bifhop of Cork and Rofs, has paid to the (aid lord bifhop of Leighiin and Ferns, the fum of thirty-feven pounds ten {hillings {lading, being the film which accrued,.due for rent out of faid premifles, under the aforefaid leafe, whilit the 'faid bifhop of Leighiin and Ferns was bifhop of faid diocefes of Cork and Rofs ; and has alfo paid to the (aid lord bifhop of Rilmore, the fum of feventy-five pounds flerling, which became due for rent of the faid premifTes, whilit the laid bifhop of Kilmore was bifhop of faid diocefes of Cork and Rofs ; and the faid William lord bifhop of Cork and Rofs, has alfo paid the faid fum of five hundred pounds, as the purchafe money of the aforefaid lcafchold interest, and has engaged to pay to the faid doctor William Fuller, lord bifhop of Kilmore, fucli fum of momey as he has expended, or caufed to be expended, in carrying on and profccuting the faid fuits in law and equity, fo as aforefaid commenced by him, for the purpofe of defeating the faid leafe, and has been alfo obliged to expend a confulcrable fum of money ia carrying on the aforefaid proceedings in law and equity, to defeat the faid leafe, and alfo in procuring the palling of thi*3 ad ; and it is tea foil able that the faid William lord bi-Ibop of Cork and Rois, Ihotild be reimburfed the fame, ia .the manner hereafter provided by this act, in as much as his fucctffbrs, bifhop* of faid fees of Cork and Rofs, will be materially ber.clited thereby ; be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and ccnfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this piefcnt parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That the laid houfc and offices built and ereded by the Lid dodor Peter Browne, heretofore lord bifhop of * Cork and Rofs, on the faid one hundred and eighteen acres, part of the faid lands of Baliynafpeg or Bifhopflown, together with the faid one hundred and eighteen acres of land, fhall for ever hereafter he, and .fhall be deemed, taken, and reputed to lx*, a manfwin honfe for the country rcfidence of the biffiops of Cork, and demefue and menfal lands of the bifhops of Cork, aud fhall he unalienable, and fhall not be let or difpofed of to any other ufe ; always provided that nothing in this ad contained, fhall extend to alter or take away from the force of the laws and Hatute3 now iu force ia this kingdom, relative to the exchange of glebes and demefnes belonging to church.es in this kingdom.

O O	^	#

II. Awl be it further enacted by the authority afore-faid, That the faid William lord hilhop of Cork and Rofs, fhall within three months after paffing this ad, prove before his grace the lord archbiffiop of Cafhel, the full amount of the money which he has expended, or caufed to be expended, in carrying ou and profecuting the faid two fuits in law

and

Biftop of _ __ Cork, to^e

"“11 rece,'ve from* an(1 be amount' of "ct-

The thirtyfecond Tear of George III,

and in equity, for the purpofe of defeating the fait! leafe,

<r.nd the full amount of the money which the aforefaid William lord bifhop of Kilmore expended, or caufed to be expended in carrying on and profecuting the faid fuits in law and equity, fo as aforefaid commenced by him, for the purpofe of defeating the faid leafe ; and alfo the full amount of the money which he fhall expend, or caufe to be expended, in procuring the paiTing of this a& ; and the faid arch-bifhop on fuch proof being made, fhall under hia hand and feal, certify the fum fo expend; and fuch certificate of the faid archbifhop, fhall be depofited in the regiftrv of the confiftorial and metropolitical court of the diocefe of Calhel; and a counterpart or duplicate of fuch certificate, under the liand and feal of the faid archbifhop, fnall be delivered to the faid William lord bifhop of Cork and Rofs, to he by luin deported in the regiftry of the confiftorial cvnirt of the diocefe of Cork, and mail be Baal as to the afeertainingth* fum fo expended in the faid fuits in law and equity, and in the procuring the palling of this a£L

III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid William lord bifhop of Cork and Rofs, his executors or ad mini (Irazors,

paid by his next fucceflor, his executors or adminiftrators, pCnce», aj»hcft-the full fum which he and the faid lord bifhop of Kilmore, in. have expended in the faid fuits in law and equity, and which he fhall expend in procuring the pafling of this acfc, and the faid two fums which he has fo as' aforefaid paid to the fai<t lord bifhop of Leighlin and Ferns, and the faid lord bifhop qf Kilmore; and alfo the faid fum of five hundred pounds, which he has paid as aforefaid^ to the executors of the faid lfaac, heretofore lord bifhop of Cork and Rofs; and that fuch fucceflor, his executors or admiuiflirators, having paid the faid feveral fums, fhall receive from, and be paid by hia next fucceflor, his executors or adminiftrators, throe-fourth parts of fuch fums, and fuch fucceflor, his executors or adminiftrators, having paid the three-fourth parts of fuch fums, he, his executors or adminiftrators, fhall receive from, and be paid by his next fucceflor, his executors or admini? ftrators, two-third parts of the faid fums; and fuch fuccef-for, his executors or adminiftrators, having paid the faid two-third parts of faid fums, he, his executors or admini-flratorsy fhall receive from, and be paid by his next fuccef-for, his executors or adminiftrators, one-half of fuch fun* as he fhall have pfcid as aforefaid ; all which fums fhall be paid and recovered in fuch manner, and at fuch^ times, as the fums to be paid to, and recovered by ecclefiailtcal per-fons for buildings and improvements made on mcnfal lands, glebes, or church lands, are to be paid apd recovered, by t	virtue

\



x.

4?6	Tie	thirty	fetond	Tear	of George III.

A. D.	virtue of the feveral a6b of parliament made in this

179^*	kingdom, to encourage the building houfes, and making

other improvements on church lands •, and to prevent dilapidations, the faid fums made payable by this a&, to be over and above, and exclufive of any fum or fums which the fucceflor or fucceflors of the faid William lord bifhop of Cork and Rofs, may become liable to pay, by all or any of the faid acls of parliament now in force in this kingdom, to encourage the building of houfes, and making other improvements on church lands, for or on account of the creeling and building of the prefent manii’rn houfe of the faid bilhops of Cork and Rofs, lituate at St. Finbarry's withis the faid city of Cork, or clofe adjacent thereto.

A public	IV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That

this a£l (hall be deemed, taken, and allowed in all courts within this kingdom, as a public adl, and all judges are hereby required as fuch, to take notice thereof, without fpecially pleading the fame.

V. Saving nevertheless, to the King's moft excellent C Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and to all bodies politic and corporate, their refpedlive heirs, executors and adminf-ftrators, all fuch right, title, eftate and interefl, both in law and equity, as they had, could, might, or ought to have, of, in, to, or out of the faid lands and premilTcs, in tins adl mentioned, as fully to all iutent« and purpofes, as if this a£ had never been made, any thing herein contained ta the contrary thereof, in any wife liotwithftanding.

CHAP. XXXV.

An Act for repairing and preferring the Walls cf the River Amended 33	L. Jj ey > in the City of' D iihn, and for amend.ng an

A. 1 payed in the I-u;ent)-f.<rb 1 car of His Majejiy's Reign> Entitled, An Act for prozvAuig the Trade cf Dublin, by renuiring its Port and Harbour more commodious.

WHEREAS the prefent flate of the river Anna Liffey, is extremely difadvantageous to the trade and commerce of the port of Dublin, being choaked up with mud and 111th, and the walls or quays bounding and eucloflng the faid river are in a dangerous and ruinous condition, and for the convenience of (hip3 and vefiels frequenting the faid port, and the quiet aud eafy lading and dif-charging their cargoes, the faid walls ought to be rebuilt, or fubftantially and effe&ually repaired, and the faid river ought to be drudged and deepened for the fafe and conve-

’	•	•	Dtcnt

/

The thirty ficottd Tear of George III.

4<>7

nxent Iyifrg" of the faid ftiip6 and veffels ; and it appears to be* expedient that the care of the faid river and the faid walls bounding the fame, and the rebuilding and repairing the faid walls HiouM be veiled in the corporation for preferring and improving the port of Dublin, and that a fuf-fieient fbnd (hould be eftablilhed and veiled in the faid corporation for the purpofe of carrying on and completing the faid works, and that the fcveral perfons or parties interclfed in, or having benefit by the execution of fuch works, ought to contribute towards the faid fund: And whereas the fe-veral pCrfons owning or inhabiting honfcs on the worth and fouth fide* of the faid river, well ward of the new bridge now crewing, and to be called Carlifiebridge, are obliged to repair, maintain, and keep in good order the walls front— ing their hdufes refpe&ively, at their own private expence ; and it is therefore reafonable tha~ they fhould contribute to the faid fund, upon being exonerated from the expence and* trouble of keeping the faid walls in repair, and the proprietors of all the low grounds lying on either fide of the faid river, are much interelled in the prefervatiori of the faid walls, and ought to contribute towards the faid fund : And whereas the faid works will procure and continue to all (hips and veflels frequenting the faid port, the benefit of fafe and convenient lying, with the advartta^e of a quick and eafy lading and difeharging of their cargoes, wherefore the owners of fuch (hips and veffels ought alto to contribute. towards the faid fund : And whereas the landing and laying down timber of all kinds, planks or blocks of mahogany, atid of all other kinds of wood, boards of all kinds, (laves, bricks, blocks of marble, and of all kinds of Hone, on the faid walls or quays, have done confiderable damage to the fame, and the owners of fuch timber of all kinds, planks or blocks of mahogany, and of all other kinds of wood, boards of all kinds, Haves, bricks, blocks of marble, and of all kinds of Hone, will have great convenience and benefit by the 'execution of the faid works, and ought therefore contribute towards the faid fund, for completing slid carrying on the fame: And whereas the lord mayor, flierifFs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, being fefzed ifr fee of a confiderable traft of ground or tlrand, on the north fide of the river Anna Liffey, in order to enclofe and fence in the fame from the fea, did caufe the faid ground or Hrand to be furveyed, and by aft of affembly made and pafled on or about the eighteenth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, did Aixtd that the faid (hand (hould be let out and divided into two clafles of lots 5 that is to fay, one by the acre, and the other by the foot, which was accordingly done, and the

fame



Digitized by

4^8	*	Tlx	thiriy-fecond Tear of George III.

A. D. fame were afterwards drawn by the then lord mayor, alAcT-

1792.	men, fhcriffs, and common-council of the faid city, and the Chi p. 35. faid then lord mayor, (heriffs, commons and citizens T>f the faid city, did afterwards by feveral deeds of leafe and rc-leafe, made in or about the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, grant and convey the faid lots or parcels of ground to the perfons refpeftively entitled to the fame on the drawing thereof: And whereas the feveral lots or parcels of ground fo laid out by the acre as aforefaid, and which arc called acre-lot^, amount in number to one hundred and thirty-four, and are marked on the map or furvey thereof, made* out by the dire&ion of the then lord v	mayor,	(heriffs,	commons and citizens, in numerical order,

by their refpe&ive numbers,, from number one to number ope hundred and thirty-four, inclufive ; and feventy-four of the faid acre-lots have been enclofed from the fea, that is to fay, from number one to number twenty-three, including both the faid numbers ; from number thirty -eight to numr ber forty-nine, including both the faid numbers; from number fifty to number fifty-nine, including both the faid nambere 5 from number feventy-four to number eight)* eight* including both the faid numbers ; from number one hundred and three to number one hundred and eleven, including both the faid numbers ; and from number one hundred and thirty to number one hundred and thirty-four, including both the faid numbers 5 one of which faid lots, that is to fay, the lot marked number feventy-feven was referved to the faid lord mayor, (heriffs, and commons and citizens, and is marked in the faid map with the words, city-lot; and the feveral pirns or parcels of ground fo laid out by the foot as aforefaid, and which are called foot-lots, amount in number to one hundred and thirty-two, and are marked on the aforefaid map or furvey thereof in numerical order, by their refpe&ive numbers, from number one to number one hundred and thirty-two inclufive : And whereas it is reafonable that the feveral perfons now in poffeflion of the faid feveral and refpe&ive lots fo enclofed and numbered as aforefaid, (hall pay towards the faid fund the feveral and refpe&ive fums by the year herein after mentioned, and that the feveral perfons in poffeflion of the low-ground or lots on the fouth fide of the faid river, (hall pay towards the faid fund the feveral and refpe&ive rates by the year herein after mentioned; be it therefore enatted by the King’s mod excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the care, management, and fuperintendance of the whole of the faid river Alma JLiffey, and the (aid walls

bounding

Digitized by Google

The thirty fcond Tear of George III.	409

bounding the fame, and the building and repairing of the fold A. D. walls, fo far as the faid walls extend on the north fide of 1792. the faid river, from Carlifle-bridgc aforefaid to Ballybough- Chap. 35. bridge, and on the fouth fide of the faid river from the weftward end of Crampton-quay in the city of Dublin, to The care and the road called the Artichoke road -in the county of the IJe^wrAmia faid city, be from the palling of this aft fully and exclu- Liffey, &c.vei-fively veiled in the faid corporation for preferving and im- ed inthecorpo-proving the poit of Dublin, and their fucccflbrs for ever ; ration for inland that they be, and ate hereby empowered to rebuild or 5°5ublbfar** repair the faid walls from time to time in fuch manner as dvcr. they lhall think*proper or judge expedient.

II.	And in order to enable the faid corporation fo to RatcA herein rebuild, and from time to time to repair the faid walls, be to be paid by it enafted. That from and after the paffing of this aft, proprietor of there lhall be paid, and payable yearly and every year, on n every twenty-fourth day of June, for ever hereafter to the faid corporation for preferving and improving the port of Dublin, and their fuccelfors, at the ballad-office of the port of Dublin, for the time being, out of and for each and every of the feventy-four lots or parcels of ground fituate on the north fide of the faid river, and marked in the faid nfop or furvey as acre-lots as# aforefaid, fave only and except the faid acre-lot maked feyenty-feven on the faid map or furvery, and therein called city-lot; and alfo out of each and every of the aforefaid one hundred and thirty-two lots, fo fituate on the faid north fide of the faid river, and marked in the faid map or furvey as foot-lots, by the fe-veral and refpeftivfc proprietors thereof, and at the refpec-tive rates herein after mentioned; that is to fay, out of,

- and for each and every of the twenty-three lots or parcels of ground, which are marked as acre-lots on the aforefaid map or furvey, with the numbers one to twenty-three, including the faid two numbers, and all the numbers between the fame, yearly and every year for ever, the fum of three pounds ten Shillings llerling, together with live pounds per centum upon the faid fum as fees for collefting thereof; and out of, and for each and every of thofe other twelve of the faid lots or parcels of ground, which are marked as acre-lots on the faid map or furvey, with the numbers thirty-eight to forty-nine, including the faid two lall mentioned numbers, and all the numbers between the fame, yearly and every year for ever, the fum of three pounds llerling, together with five pounds per centum upon the fame as fees for collefting thereof; and out of, and for each and every of thofe thirty-eight lots or parcels of ground, which are marked as acre-lots on the faid map or furvey, with the pumbers fifty to fifty-ninef including the faid two lall mentioned

the thirlj-fectnA 'tear of George IIL

A. D. tinned numbers, and all the numbers between the fame; and 179*. with the numbers feventy-four to eighty-eight, including Chan. 35. the laid two lad mentioned numbers, and all the numbers

I between the fame ; and with the numbers one hundred and thtee to 00c hundred aud eleven, including the (aid two lad numbers, and all the numbers between the fame ; and with the numbers one hundred arid thirty to one hundied and thirty-three, including the (aid two laft mentioned numbers* and all the numbers between the fame ; (lave only and except the faid acre-lot marked feventy-feven on the feid map cr furvey, and therein called city-lot:) the fum of two pounds ten (hillings fterling, together with five pounds per centum upon the fame, as fees for colle&ing thereof \ ahd out of, and for eacli and every of thofe twenty lots or parcels of ground, which are marked as foot-Iot% oa the faid map or furvey, with the number* one to twenty, including the faid two laft mentioned numbers, and all the numbers between the fame, yearly and every year for ever, the fum of three pounds ten (hillings fterling, with five pounds per centum upon the fame, as fees for colle&ing thereof; and out of, and for each ami e\ ery of thofe other twenty lots or parcels of ground, which are marked as foot-lots on the faid map or furvey, with the numbers twenty-one to forty, including the faid two laft mentioned numbers, and all the numbers between the fame, the fum of three pounds fter-Kng, together with five pounds per centum upon the fame, as fees for colleting thereof; and out of, aud for each and every of thofe fixteen lots or parcels of ground, which are marked as foot-lots on the* faid map or furvey, with the numbers forty-one to fifty-fix, including the faid two laft mentioned numbers, and all the numbers between the Fame, the fum of two pounds ten (hillings‘fterling, together with five pounds per centum upon the fame, as fees for collect mg thereof; and out of, and for each and every of thole forty lots or parcels of ground, which are marked as fuot-lots on the faid map or iurvey, with the numbers fifty-feveu to ninety-fix, including the faid two laft mentioned numbers, and all the numbers between the fame, the fum of two pounds fterling, together with five pounds per centum upon the fame, as fees for collecting thereof; and out of, and for each and every of thofe twenty-fix lots or parcels of ground, which are marked as foot-lots on the faid map or furvey, with the numbers ninety-feven to one hundred and twenty-two, including the faid two laft mentioned numbers, and all the numbers between the fame, the fum of two pounds ten (hillings fterling, together with five pounds per centum upon the fame, as fees for collecting thereof; and out of, and for each and every of thofe lots or parcels of ground.

2

which

* LL



Digitized

Google Si£

The thirty -fecend' Year of George Ht.	411

which are marked as fbot-lots on the faid map or furvey, A. D% with the numbers one hundred and twenty-three to one' 1792-hundred and thirty-two, fticluding the faid two la ft men- Chap. $5* tioned numbers, and all the numbers between the fame, the fum of three pounds ten (hilling® fterling, together with five pounds per centum upon the fame as fees for cohering thereof.

III.	'And be it ena&ed, That a!i and every the afore- Sumstohe faid feveral and refpe£tive yearly fums fo appointed to be paid to cor pant-paid out of each and every of the aforefaid acre-lots and l*on> as herd*, fcot-lots rtfpe&ively, (hall be paid and payable to the faid corporation and their fucceflbrs in manner aforefaid, and

over and above all deductions whatfoever, on every twenty-fourth day of June, in each and every year, the firft payment thereof to be made on the twenty-fourth day of Jane, next after palling this aft*.

IV.	And whereas it is not ufual that any diftrefs or dif-trefles is, or are to be found on the faid north lots, and it is therefore neccflary to provide lome eflfeflual remedy for the recovery of the faid yearly fums ; be it therefore enabled, That iu cafe of non-payment of the faid yearly fums, or In cafe of any of them, or of any part of them, or of any of them,

for the fpace of twenty-one days, next after the faid day of days after payment in any year, it (hall and may be lawful to and for day appointed, the faid corporation and their fucceflbrs, or any three or corporation n»«y more of the members thereof, and they are hereby authori- j^^c’** fed and empowered after fuch notice given as is herein after mentioned, abfolntely to fell fuch lot or lots out of which fuch arrear or arrears (hall be due, and all tire eftate and in-tereft of the perfon or perfons holding or deriving any eftate or inter eft in the fame, by virtue of any grant or leafe from the faid lord mayor, (heriffs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, to the the higheft and faireft bidder or bidders by public grant, fo be held at the tholfel of the city of Dublin, and the faid corporation for preferring and improving the port of Dublin, are hereby empowered by deed or deeds under their common feal, to convey fuch lot or lots, and all fuch eftate and intereft as aforefaid, unto fueh pur-chafer or purchafers upon payment, and in confideration of the fum or fums of money which (hall be fo bid by fuch pur-chafer or purchafers; and the faid corporation are hereby-required and empowered out of the money arifing by* fuch fale or fales, in the firft place to pay and fatisfy the ari*eaf which at the time or times of fuch fale or fales (hall be due or owing out of fuch lot or lots which (hall be fo fold, with intereft from the time or times the fame ought to be paid refpc&ively, and the neccflary cofts and charges iu and about fuch fale, and after payment and fatisfa&ion thereof,

the

Digitized by

The thirty fuond fear of George III.

A. D.

‘792-

Chap. 35.

Recdpr of •orooration a fufficient dif-chargc to purchafer.

Six months notice of fale to he polled in the rholfcl. and puhliflted 5 times in the gazette.

Sale not to go on if proprietor pay* off arrear, interefl and cod.

Proprietors may fue under tenants for arrears paid off for preservation of their intereft in iuch lots.

the refidue of the money arifing from fuch fale or fales, if any there be, fhall be paid to the perfon or perfons who immediately before fuch fale or fales (hall be entitled to fuch eftate or intereft as aforefaid, in fuch lot or lots as fhall be fo fold.

V.	And be it ena&ed, That the receipt or receipts of the faid corporation, or three or more of the members thereof, (hall be a fufficient difeharge or difeharges to the pur-chafer or purchafers'of any fuch lot or lots on fuch public cant, for his, her, or their refpe&ive purchafc money, and from and after the payment thereof, fuch purchafer or purchafrrs, bis, her, or their heirs and affigns refpe&ivtly, (hall for ever after hold and enjoy fuch lot or lots freed and difeharg-ed of and from all title, claim, and demand whatsoever of every fuch perfon or perfons, whofe eftate and intereft therein (hall be fo fold, his, her, or their heirs, and of every other perfon and perfons claiming by, from, or under him, her, or them, as tenant or tenants by leafe, or other-wife.

VI.	Provided always. That before any fuch fale (hall be made as aforefaid, public notice thereof in writing, under the hands of three or more of the members of the faid corporation, fhall be given, by publickly polling up the fame m the tholfel of the (aid city of Dublin, and publifhing fuch notice three times in the Dublin gazette, at lead fix months before the day which (hall be therein appointed for fuch fale.

VII.	And provided alfo, That if fuch proprietor or proprietors, his, her, or their heirs or affigns, (hall at any time before fuch cant, pay off and difeharge all fuch arrears of the faid yearly fums as (hall be fo due out of fuch lot or lots, together with legal intereft for the fame, from the time the fame became due, to the time of fuch payment, with all expences of advertifing, that then and in fuch cafe fuch fale (hall not be proceeded upon, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it enabled, That in cafe any fuch proprietor or proprietors as aforefaid, (hall for the preservation of his faid eftate and intereft in fuch lot or lots, pay off and difeharge all fuch arrears of the faid yearly fums as aforefaid 5 and that fuch lot or lots (hall be in leafe to any tenant or tenants under fuch proprietor or proprietors, it (hail and may be lawful to and for fuch proprietor or proprietors to fue for, and enforce the payment of the fame from fuch tenant 6r tenants, either by diftraining fuch lot or lots, or otherwife, in like manner, and as fully and cfTc&ually as be fhall be empowered by fuch leafe or leafes to recover the rent or rents which fhall be thereby referved.

IX. And

Digitized by

Go<3K;

The thirtyfecond Tear of George III.

IX.	And be it ena&ed. That fo much of an ad palled in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty, entitled, An a8 for the more fpeedy and effeSual enclofing and preferring the firand on the north fide of the river Anna Liffey, near the city of Dublin, as gives to, or veils in the committee thereby direded to be appointed by the proprietors of the faid lots, any power or powers to manage, carry on, repair, amend, complete, or fupport the wall.*, quays, and banks that encloi'e the faid itrand, and the flood gates, flu ices and drains thereunto belonging, be, and the fame is hereby repealed, and that all and every powers and powers heretofore vetted in any other perfon or perfons for any of the faid lait mentioned {mrpofes, be from henceforth null and void; and that all and every rent or payment charged upon the faid lots by or under the" faid recited ad of the nineteenth year of his late Majeity’s reign, fliall from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June next, ceafe and be no longer chargeable thereon ; provided that nothing herein contained (hall repeal or make void any power or powers which may have been vefted in the faid committee, or any other perfon or perfons, by the faid a<5t or otherwife, for the purpofe of draining, preferving, or improving the faid lots or parcels of ground, or prevent fuch committee from recovering any arrears of any rent which may under the faid ad be, or become due and payable to the faid committee, prior to the twenty-fourth day of June next.

X.	And the better to enable the faid committee fo appointed, and from time to time to be appointed by the faid proprietors, by virtue of the faid ad, to drain, pieferve, and improve the faid lots; be it enaded, That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June next, there lhall be paid and payable to the faid corporation, and their fuc<:ef-lors, for ever, out of the aforefaid acre and foot lots, the further and additional rate of ten pounds per centum, upon the feveral and refpedive yearly hum by this ad charged thereon as aforefaid, the fame to be paid and payable at fuch time in every year, and in fuch manner as the aforefaid yearly fums and fce9 are by this ad direded to be paid; and iu cafe of non-payment thereof, or of any part thereof, the faid corporation, and their fucceflors, are hereby empowered to recover the fame by fale of the lot out of which the fame (hall be in arrear, in like manner as the faid corporation, and their fucceflors are by this ad empowered to recover the faid yearly fums and fees.

XI.	And be it enaded, That the amount of the faid further and additional rate of ten pounds per centum, upon the faid yearly fums, fliall as the faid corporation and their fucceflors (hall receive the lame, be paid to the faid committee,

So much of 19 G. 2 for enclofing ftraqd on north fide. Sec. a1 herein recited, repealed, &c.

An addition of 10 per cent, to be paid for each acre and foot-lot on the fums hereby charged thereon, Sec.

Amount of the 1 o per cent, to be paid by corporation to committee for draining lota.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Perf«n*i in faflcffeil of RroanH or Houfes

«m the funcb fide, fri.in weft end •f Crampton-qiny to Carlifls-bridge, fronting quays, to pay •n every ?4 June in. 6d per loot, and 5 per cent, for collecting, See.

The thirty-fecund Tear nf George Itt•

mittee, to be appointed as aforefaid, to enable the did committee to drain, prefci ve, and improve the faid lots.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That from aad after the palling exf this ad, all and every perfon and perfons who is, or are, or fhall be the occupier or occupiers, or in any manner in the poffcfiion of any ground, or of any honfe or houfes, or other building or buildings which are or fhall be ereded on any ground iituate on thofe parts of the fouth fide of the faid river Anna LifFey, called Crampton-quay, and Afton’s-quay, lying between the Weil end of Cramp-ton-quay aforefaid, and the faid new bridge now erecting* and to be called Carlifle bridgc, and fronting the faid quays refpectivdy, fhall yearly and every year, on every twenty, fourth day of June, for ev'er, pay, or caufe to be paid to the faid corporation, for piefdving and improving the port of Dublin, and their fucceifors, at the balUft-omce of the port of Dublin, for the time being, the fum of one fhilling and fix pence for each and every foot wiiich fuch ground or iuch houfe or homes refpectivdy lhall contain, together with feca for receiving and colic fling the fame, at the rate of five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the fmn which (hall be fo payable by fuch perfon or perfons reflectively, the firil payment of the fai t rates and fees to be made an the twenty-fourth day of June next; and that from and after the palling of this act, all and every perfon and perfons who arc or fhall be the occupier or occupiers, or in any manner in pcnTeflion of any ground immediately fronting to and adjoining that part of the fouth-quay wall of the faid river Anna Lilfey, lying between Carl ill e-bridge aforefaid, and the well ward point of the ground belonging to I he marine-fchool, or of any houfe or houfes, building or buildings, which are or (hall be ereded on any fuch ground, lhall yearly and every year, on every' twenty-fourth day of June, for ever, pay, or caufe to be paid to the faid corporation and their fuccefFors, at the ballad-office of the port of Dublin for the time being, the fum of oue Hulling and fix pence ftcrling for each and every foot which inch ground or houfe or houfes refpedivelv fhall contain in front to the faid lait mentioned part of the faid fouth-quay wall, together with fees for receiving and colliding the fame, at the rate of five pounds per centum, upon the fam which fhall be fo payable by fuch perfon or perfons refpedively* the firft payment of the faid laft mentioned rates and fees to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June next j and that from and after the palfing of this ad, all and every perfon and perfons who are or fhall be the occupier or occupiers, or in any manner in pofTefTiqn of any ground immediately fronting to nod adjoining that part of the fouth-quay wall of the faid

river

The thirlyfconJYc$r of George III.

4* >

ri^jer^ lying between the faid well ward point of the ground belonging to the faid marine fchool, and the eaftward end of the quay called fir J9I1A Rogerfoi/s-quay, or of any houfe or houfes, building or buildings, which are or fliall be ere<£-ed on any fuch ground, lhall yearly and every year, on every ^wepty-fourth day of June, for ever, pay, or caufe to be paid to the faid corporation, and their fuccefloTs, ax the ballaft-office'of the port of Dublin for the time being, ti*e film of one billing and fix pence ilerling for each and every foot which fuch ground or houfe or houfes lalt mentioned refpC&ively lhall contain in front to the laid laft mentioned part of the faid fouth-quay wall, together with fees l\>r collecting and receiving the fame, at the rate of live pound# per centum, upon the fum which (liall be fo payable by lucli

£erfan or perfons rcfpe&ively, the fir payment of the faid lH mentioned rates and fees to be rp^de on the twenty* fourth day of June next; and that from and after the pafling of this a &, all and every perfon and perfons who aiie or lhall be the occupier or occupicrg, or in any manner in pof-feflion of any ground immediately fronting to and adjoining that part of the fouth-quay wall of the faid river, lying between the faid eaftward end of fir John RogerfonVquay, and the bridge of Ringfend, or of ^ny houfe or houfes building or buildings, which lhall or may be erected on any fuch ground, lhall yearly and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June, for ever, pay, or caufe to he paid \n the faid corporation and their fuccclTors, at the baliall-offie? of the port of Dublin for the time being, the fum of one fhilling and fix pence ilcrling for each and every foot which fuch ground or houfe or houfes refpeCtively lhall contain in front to the faid laft mentioned part of the fouth-quay wall, together with fet3 for collecting and receiving the fame, at the rate of five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the fum which fhall be fo payable by fuch perfon or pevlous refpe£tively, the firft payment of the faid laft mentioned rates and fees to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June next ; and that from and after the pafling of this ad, there fhall be paid and payable yearly and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June forever, to the faid corporation and their fuccefTors for ever, at tike ballall-oflice of the port of Dublin for the time being, out of and for all that ground immediately fronting to and adjoining the quay-wall, which lies between the bridge of Ringfend, and the road called the Artichoke-road, the yearly fum of forty pounds fterling, together with five pounds per centum thereon, as fees for collecting and, receiving the fame, the fir 11 payment of the f*id Uft mentioned yearly fum, and the

Xyd

A. £>,

Chip.

,I

Digitized

i by GoogI

Arrears uf rates herein, may be recaver• ed by civil bill, «*r by dULrtft.

Charge hcreiu to ceafc.

The thirty fecond Tear of George III.

fat’d fees* to be made on the twenty-fourth day of Jane next.

XIII.	And be it enabled, That in cafe the aforefaid feveral and refpe&ive rates and fees fo appointed to be paid to the faid corporation out of the feveral and refpedive grounds, houfes, and premifes aforefaid, on the fouth fide of the faid river Liffey, from the weft end of Cramptoe-quay aforefaid, and the faid Artichoke-road, or any of the faid feveral and refpc&ive rates and fees, or any part of them, or of any of them* (hall be in arrear or unpaid m any one year, for the fpace of ten days next after the day appointed by this a6t for payment thereof as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation aod their fuccefTors, e:ther to recover the fame from the perfon or perfons who (hall be in poffeflion of fuch ground, houfes or premifes, out of which fuch arreat or arrears fhall be due by civil bill, before the recorder of the city of Dublin, or by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels to be found in and upon fuch ground, houfes and premifes, or any of them, out of which fuch arrear or arrears (hall be due at • the cledion of the faid corporation, or their fuccefTors, and in cafe they (hall choole to proceed for recovery of the faid arrear or arrears by diftrefs as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any three or more members of the laid corporation, by warrant or warrants under their hands and feals, to authorize and empower any perfon or perfoos, and fuch perfon or perfons is and are hereby authorized and empowered to enter into and upon fuch grounds, houfes and premifes, or any of them, out of which fuch arrears of the faid rates and fees (hall be due, and to diftrain for the fame, and immediately to fell and difpofe of the diftrefs and dif-trefles which (hall be then and there found, and out of the money arifing by fuch fale to pay and difeharge fuch arrear *>r arrears, and all colls and charges attending the taking and felling of fuch dill refs or dillredes.	•

XIV.	And be it enabled, That all and every tax, rate, rer-t, or duty charged and chargeable upon any perfon or perfons for or on account of keeping the faid walls in repair before the pafting of this ad, (hall from and after the faid twenty-fourth day cf June next; ceafc and determine, and be no longer payable.

XV.	And whereas differences Irvye arifen, and one or more fuit or fuits at law or in equity is or are now depending between certain perfons intcrefted in the faid fouth lots, and fome of their tenants in poffeflion of tliofe parts of the faid fouth lots fronting to and immediately adjoining the aforefaid fouth quay wnlls, with refped to the expence of keeping the faid fouth quay wall in repair: be it therefore

l	evaded.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

The thirty-fecund Tear of George III.	417

(fcoaded, That it (hall be lawful for fuch tenant or tenants A. B. relpcdively, as fhall From time to time pay the faid yearly 1792. funas or rate*, or any of them, tofue for and recover from Chap. 3^. /the perfou or perfons, body or bodies politic or corporate, V*—t who is or are, or fhall appear to have been fubjed and lia- Tenant, who ble to repair the fame, the full amount of all fum and fums W €>f money which fuch tenant or tenants (hall hereafter pay cowsr as UercuC For or on account of the aforefaid rates and fees, by this act charged and chargeable upon the fald laft mentioned parts of the faid fouth lots ; and in cafe fuch tenant or te- . nants (hall hold immediately tinder the perfon or perfons who fhall appear to have been fo fubjed or liable, it fhall vfui may be lawful for fuch tenant or tenants to dedud and rcimburfe himfelf or themfelves out of the rent or rents payable by him or them to fuch perfon or perfons fo fubjed or liable, the full amount of all fuch fum or fuoy «f motley as fuch tenant or tenants (hall fo pay as aforefaid.

XVI.	And be it er.aded, Thit all and every perfon Perfons har-Jand perfons whatfoever, having any eflate or intcreft in the iog eftatesorin* feveral parts of the faid north and fouth quay walls herein tCTC& hereinn, before particularly mentioned, fhall be, and are hereby from ^UoU^iuonto and after the patting this ad, freed, exonerated, and dif- repair, &c. • charged of and from all obligation which he or they, or any

of them, was or were under or fubied to, of amending or repairing the faid walls, and of and From all charges and e x pence whatfoever on ace* »unt thereof, fave the payments and rates by this ad direded and appointed to be paid as a for a aid, and fave as herein after is mentioned; and that no perfon or peilbns whatfoever, fuve the faid corporation and their fucceflbrs, fhall upon any account whatfoever, afk, demand, or receive from the matter or commander of any vef-fkl arriving in the port or harbour of Dublin any Fum or fums of money, by way of quayage or portage, or for or oa account of keeping the Faid walls in repair.

XVII.	Provided always, and be itenaded. That it fhall - ration and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation and their retnquifh fucccflors, from time to time, to abate and relinquifh to the to governors of governors of the marine fchool the whole or fuch of the marine fchwd, aforefaid taxes, payments, rates and duties, as are by this

ad payable out of the ground, houfc and premiffes occu- y * pied by them, as the faid corporation fhall from time to time think proper or expedient, and alfoto make fuch compenfa-tion as they fhall think lit, to any perfon or perfons being the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers of any ground or houfe or houfesoa the fouth fide of the faid river, as has or have within twelve months immediately previous to the patting of this ad, repaired or amended any part or parts Vol. IX.	Dd

s

Digitized by v^-ooQie

V

The thirty feeond Tear of George III.

of the faid wall oppoGte t# his, her, or their refpe&ire

holdings.

XVIII.	And whereas by an aft parted in $he twenty-fitth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An aB for promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendering, its port and harbour more eOrhmodious ; it is enafted, That each and every ftiJp and vert’d, which from and after the parting the faid aft, fhoukl arrive in the faid harbour of Dublin, (except fhips or veffels laden with codls, and fuch coafting veffels trading as therein mentioned), fhould pay to the faid corporation the fum of five (hillings fterling for every'voyage fuch (hip or veflel fhould make to the (aid harbour, and %every fudi (hip or veflel laden with coals as aforefaid, and every fuch coafting veflel as aforefaid, fhould pay to the fiid corporation two (hillings and fix-pence fterling, for every voyage filch (hip or veflel laden with coals, artd fuch coafting veflel (hould make to the faid hatbour ; be it enaft-VefliN herein	ed, That	the faid laft	mentioned rates and payments (hall

topavrd pertou	from and	after the parting of this aft yeafe, and	that in lieu

frr ev °T3Vo	afl<* ^Ca<^	t^erco^ an(*	better to enable the	faid corpo-

*	7	ration to	carry on the	(aid works, every (hip or	veflel laden

with codls, and every coafting teffcl which (hall arrive within the faid port or harbour of Dublin, or the harbour of Dun* ledry, (hall pay to the faid corporation and their fucceflors, one penny for every ton of the burthen thereof, for every My age fuch (hip or veflel laden with coals, or fuch coafting ii\ yer ton for trefrel (hall make to the faid harbour; and every other (hip every oihtr vcf* or vertel, which from and after the parting of this aft, ^	Pii»ll anive in the faid port or harbour of Dublin, or in

the faid harbour of Dunitary, (hall pay to the faid corporation afid their fucctflors, two pence for every ton of the burthen thereof, for every voyage fuch (hip or veflel ft: all make to the faid harbour; the faid payments to applied by the faid corporation in carrying on the (aid works.

' 6d per too, XIV And be it enabled, That for the further enabling to i «the r,1(j orporatirn to cnrrv on the faid works, there (hallbe her mu.	pr:d at the cvftom-houfe of the faid port, to fuch officer

his Majefty’s revenue, as the faid corporation of their fuc-cefihrs lhr?J appoint for that purpofe, upon timber of aft kinds, planks, or blocks of mahogany, and of all other kinds of wood, boards of all kinds, ftaves, bricks, blocks of marble, and of all kinds of ftone, which (hall arrive on board any (hip or vertel in the jtort of harbour of Dublin, or in the faid harbour of Dunleaiy, the fum of fixpence for every ton of fuch timber of all kinds, planks, or blocks cf mahogany, and of all ether kinds of weed, boards of all .iufjd*, ilavea, bricks, blocks of marble, and of all kinds of

• 4i&

A:	D;

I7$2.

Qrtp. 35.

The thirtieth Tear of Geprge III.

ftooe, the fame to be paid at the time of entering the cargo of fach (hip or veffel at the cuftom-houfe aforefaid, the. amount of which rate and payment (hall be paid over by fuch officer of the revenue as (hall fo receive the fame, immediately after the receipt thereof, to the faid corporation or their fucceffors, or the ballaff-maffer of the faid port of Dublin for the time being, for their ufe.

XX- And be it ena&ed, That it (hall not be lawful for any officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue,’ to dear out to clear out or discharge any fuch fhit> or veffel, or the goods therein, (hipsuntiWates until the full amount of the faid laft mentioned rates and m pdd, duties (hall be paid as aforefaid; and that in cafe of any undite or (hort entry, fraud, or concealment of, or with re-ipe& to any fuch timber of all kinds, planks, or blocks of mahogany, and of all ot* er kinds of wood, boards of all kinds. Haves, bricks, blocks of marble, and of all kinds of done as aforefaid, the fame (hall be fubjed to the like fei-fcure and forfeiture as other goods charged, or to be charge ed with payment of duties, to his Majefty are, or (hall be fubjeffc to, for undue entry, fraud, or concealment, under or by virtue of any law ifaflv i&force, or which may hereafter be eoa&ed, relative to his Majefty’s revenues; and in cafe any difference (hall arife between the faid corporation and any perfon or perfons relative to the number of tons which fuch timber of all kinds, planks, or blocks of mahogany, and of all other kinds of wood, boards of all kinds, naves, bricks, blocks of marble, and of all kinds of done fhall contain, the fame (hall be fettled and afeertained by the regiffer of tonage or laftage of fuch (hip or veffel, or the bill of lading thereof, upon which freight to be paid to the maffer or commander of fuch (hip or veffel for loch goods, fhall be afeertained, and all parties (hall be finally concluded by fuch regiffer and bill of lading ; and fuch maf-ter or commander is hereby required on demand made by any perfon on the part of the faid corporation,, to produce fuch regiffer or bill of lading, under the penalty of five pounds for refufing fo to do.

XXI.	And be it enafted, That the. faid corporation (hall Monies hereout of the firff monies that fhall arife from the faid duties In received, to and taxes, to be raifed for the repair and preservation of the b* paid into faid walls, pay into his Majefty’s treafury fuch fum as (hall treafuiy. appear to have been laid eat in the (topping a breach in the

faid South-wall, purfuant to an addrefs of the houfe of commons to his excellency the lord lieutenant in the prefexit fcf-ffons of parliament.

XXII.	And in order to enable the faid corporation to pay Owners or fuch film into his Majefty’s treafury as aforefaid, be it en* occupiers of a&ed. That all that part pf the faid South-lots, adjoining to f

ihe faid South-qji£y wall,.fituate on the front of fir John acgn *

D d a	Rogerion’s-	herein, Sec,*

4**

a: d.

*79?-Chap. 3$.'

Officm not

Digitized by L^ooQle

A. D. 179*. Clwp 35.

Additional rarcteccafe, a* herein.

Verfan* who ray additional rate, may recover, as herein.

The thirty-fecond Tear qf Qdorge III.

Rogerfon’s-quay aforefaid, bounded on the weft by tKat par^ or' the etlate of the right honourable Luke lord baron Mountjoy, and John Bowes Benfo^, efqoire, now or here-tofore in the poftellionof Charles Edward Mayne, efqoire, or his under-tenants; and on the eaft by the quay adjoining the river Dodder, and which faid part of tfe faid .south lots is now in the poft flion of Edward Kent and Nicholas Le Favre, or their under-tenants, under the faid Luke lord baron Mountjoy, and part of which fronts th* faid part of the faid South wall in whidt the aforebid breach happened, ihall, from the paffing of this alt, Bind charged and chargeable with, and that all and every per* fon and perfon* who are or fhall be the occupier or occupiers, or in any manner in poffeflion of the faid part of the laid South-lots, ihall yearly an * every year, on every twenty fourth day ot June, pay, or caufe to be paid unto the faid corporation and their iucceftbrs, at the ballad* office of the port of Dublin for the time being, over and above the other rates and payments before made payable thereout by this aft, the further and additional fum of two (hillings fterling for ench and every foot which the faid part of the faid South lets fnin the poffeflion of the faid Edward Kent and Nicholas Le Favre contains. Until fuch time as the whole of the faid fum fo laid out in the (lopping the aforefaid breach, (hall be fully paid in to the laid corporation or their fucceflbrs, the firft payment of the (aid additional or further yearly fum to be made on the twenty -fourth day of iune next.

XX1IJ. Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That fo fooii as the faid fum which has been fo laid out in repairing the laid breach, (hall by the payment of the faid further and additional rate or yearly fum of two (hillings by the foot, lor the (aid laft mentioned part of the (aid South-lots, or by one entire payment to be made by or on the part of the owners, proprietors, or occupiers of the faid laft mentioned part of the faid South lots, be paid to the faid corporation, the (aid further or additional rate or yearly Turn (hall ccafe ami determine* and be no longer payable, any thing herein contained 10 the contrary notwith(landing,

XXIV.	Provided always, and he it mailed, That if the person or perfons who (hall by virtue of this all pay to the f/.id coiooration or their fuccefibrs, the aforeiaid additional yearly fum of two (hillings per foot, for the faid la It menu* ©oed part of the faid South lots, (hall make it appear that any other peribn or perfons, bodies or body politic or tor*, porate, was or were bound, or liable to the keeping the (aid wall in repair, and preventing the (aid breach, then and in that cafe the perfon or perfons fo paying the faid additional yearly fum, (hall aud may recover the fame by aliion at

hW

Theihiriy-fecend	Teartf George IIL

law or otherwife, as he or they may be advifed, agamft fuch perfon or pcrfons, body or bodies politic or corporate, wh > (hall appear to have been To bound or liable.

XXV.	And whereas the (aid corporation may find it ne-eAUdry, in order to enable them the more effectually to carry ir\to execution the pijrpofes pf this aft, to borrow one or ifcore (urn or (urns of money uppn the credit of the taxes, payments, rates, duties and revenues \p arifr by this ad, be it therefore enacted by the authority ;\for?Ctid, That it ljiall and maybe lawful to and for the (aid coiporation to take up and borrow uppn. the ciedit qt tl}e fajd ^ixcs, payments, rates, duties and revenues^ any fum or fums. of money they Qiall thinly neceffary, at any rate ofintereft not; exceeding the fogal intereftof money, at the time or times of borrowing fuch fum or fuips of money respectively, for which purpule it (hall and may be lawful tp and for the faid, corporation iffue debentures under their common Tea!, for the fum or fums of iqoney fo to be borrowed, In.fuch manner and form as the faid corporation by any bye-law or bye laws to be entered into by them, pur(uant tp the direftions of the faid ad patted in the twenty-lixth year of the re>m of his prefent Majelty, entitled, An a A for promoting the trade of^

Dublin, by rendering its port and harbour mare commodious ; fhall appoint, which debentures and the fums therein reflectively contained, (hall be aftual charges and liens upon the (aid taxes, payments, rates, duties, and revenues, or fb much thereof as ihall be fpecified in fuch' debentures re-fpeftivefy.

XXVI.	And to the end that all and every the fum and1 fums of money which (hall arife, grow due, and be levied-from lime to time by force and virtue of this aft, or may-be borrowed purfuant thereto, may be properly and effectually applied to the purpofes of this aft, be it enafted by the. authority afortfoid, That the faid corjypration (hall once in Corporation every year, lay before the conuniflfonefjs of impreftaccounts, to accouut a? a true and perfect account of all and every fum and fums h<?cia. of money which (hall be received* levied, and-borrowed as. a fore laid, within the year immediately preceding the lur-. nifhing. of fuch account i ap& alfp how. and4 fo, wh# partis pillar manner the fame ffiaU have been applied, which ac-v count (hall bp fo. fur/vfbed qpder the foal, of. t^e .faid corpo, ration,

XXVI£ And.bp.it enafted, 'Hsat it (had and may bq corporation. Jawful to and for thp faid. corporation for prefervfog and.iin-* muy fylta.owiH proving the port of J?pbl*n» and their fuqpelfors,. to fell ^•^es^char^ble the owuer or owners, tenant or teoanU of anys.fot or lots [hereon	°

pf ground, houfe or houfes on either fide of the-faid river herein^*

Xtbfoh Vp oc (hall he charged qi; chargeable with any

of.

Corporation tn:.v borrow i>M»utyv as herp*

in.

A.- D.

i792.

' C|»p. 35.

Corporation may agree with lord mayor,

I^oprieter*, ftje. to keep inner wall* in repair.

of the rates or payments by this ad appointed to be, cried and railed, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adrainiftrator* and afiigns refpeftively for ever, fuch rates and payments a» are or (hall be fo charged and chargeable upjn fuch lot or lots of ground, houfe or houfes, for any fum or fums of money to be paid to the faid corporation or their fucceflbrs, not lef8 than the amount of twenty-five years purchafe of the amount of fuch rates or payments fo to be fold; and upon payment of fuch purchafe money as aforefaid to the faid coiporation or their fucccflors, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid coiporation and their fuccellors, by any writing under their common feal, to releafe and difeharge fuch owner or owners, tenant or tenants, and the houfe or houfes charged and chargeable with the rates and payments fo fold; and then and from thenceforth, fuch owner or owners, tenant or tenants, and fuch lot or lots of ground, houfe or houfes, (hall (land and remain for ever di(charged* of and from all and every the rates and duties which (hall be fo fold.

XXVI1L And be it enafted, That it (hall and maybe lawful to and for the faid corporation and their fucceffors, to treat and agree \rith the lord mayor, (heriffs, commons,' and citizens of the city of Dublin, -with refpeft to any pay-? ment, tax, rate, or duty to be paid by the faid lord mayor* (heriffs, commons, and citizens, to the faid corporation, to-' wards the fund for carrying on the faid workB, and the manner of paying and collefting the fame,' and that fuch agreement as the Qiid corporation (hall fo make with refpeft thereto, (hall be binding and conclufive to all intents and pur-pofes upon the faid corporation and their fucceffors, and alfo upon the faid lord mayor, fheriffs, coxpmons, and citizens, and their fucceflbrs.	'

XXIX.	And be it enafted, That all and every the proprietors and tenants of thofe part^sf the aforefaid north and fiouthdots, fronting and next adjoining to the faid north and fouth-quay walls, (hall from time to time, and at all times for ever hereafter, keep the inner wall of each of iho faid quays next adjoining fuch lots refpeftively, in good and fufficient repair, and of a full and proper height above the roads or pathways on each of the faid walls ; and in default thereof, and for every time fuch default (hall be committed, the proprietor or proprietors, tenant or tenants, immediately occupying fuch Jpt or lots, (hall forfeit to the faid corporation or their fucceffors, for the purpofes of this aft, the fum of ten pounds (lerling; and it fhall in that cafe be lawful for the faid corporation and their fucceffors, to caufe fuch inner wall, to be properly repaired and raifed, and to levy the expcnce thereof, together with the faid penalty, by

diftxefb

The thirty fecond Tear of George XII-

dlflrcfs and Tale of the goods of fuch proprietor or proprietor*, tenant ortenants, fuch dilirefs and foie to be Wide tad executed by warrant, undei the hand* and Teal* of three or nnore members of the faid corporation

XXX.	And be it enafted, That nothing in this aft contained (hall charge, or be conilrued, deemed or taken to charge the company of undertaken of the grand canal, or the royal canal company, with any of the rates, taxes, or payments hereby directed to be raifed and paid to the faid corporation for preferving and improving the pore and harbour of Dublin, for, or in refpeft of any of the aforefaid lot or lots of ground, fituate in front and adjoining to the faid north and foiith-quay walls, which may be ufed or occupied by the faid companies, or either of them, for the purpofes of the faid canals, or either of them, or of any dock or docks for (hipping, which may be made or erefted by the faid companies, or either df them,

XXXI.	And whereas encouraging the ereftion of buildings on the faid north lots will very much benefit the owners and proprietors thereof, and thofe teized of and entitled to any eftate in remainder or expeftancy therein ; be it therefore enafted, That it (hall and may, from the time of paffihg this aft, be lawful to and for all and every perfon and perfons who now is or are, or at any time hereafter (hall be feized in law or equity of an eftate in fee tail, in fuch lots, or any of them, or of an eftate for life therein, with an immediate remainder to his or her lirft and every other fon in tail male ; and to and for every hulbami who now is, or at any time hereafter (hall be tenant for life thereof, with re-mainder'to his wife for her life, with remainder to the firft and every other fon fucceflively in tail geieral or fpecial, and to and for every married woman together, married woman and her hulband in her right, (hall be feized of any fuch lot or lots in fee, or as tenants for the life of fuch married woman, with a remainder to her hufoand for life*

•with remainder to their foil and other fons in tail general or fpecial, or with an immediate remainder to her firft and other fons ; and alfo to and for every father tenant for life, of any fuch lot or lots, with remainder to his fon for lift, ufith remainder to the tirit and every other fons of fuch fon in tail general or fpecial; and alfo to and for every perfon and perfons who now are, or at any time hereafter lhall be tenant in <fc>wer, or by eourtefy of any fuch lot or lots, by and with the content and concurrence of fuch-perfon or per-' fons as fhall be feized in reverfion or remainder of an eftate of inheritance immediately expeftant upon the death of fuch tenant in dower, or by cuurtei), or in cafe of the nonage,

idiotcy,

\

Canal companies not <■fiarge-abic.

Perfons feized of eftate*, may demife aa herein.

" Digitizec ^7

4*4

A font not left than 500b to be laid out in bqiklt inf » u herein.

Terfon* tiling Adjoining wall*, tp j>«y as herein.

The thlfty-fecond Tear of George III.

idiotcy, or lunacy of fuch perfon fo feized in reverfion of remainder, then with and by the-confent of the guardian or guardians of fuch minor, or the committc of fuch idiot or junatic, by nnd with the approbation of the Jord chancellor for the time being, in the faid cafes of nonage, or idiotcy pr lunacy, by indentures under their refpe&ive hands and Teals, whereof counterparts are to be duly executed by the refpcc-tivp hflees, to depiife in poffeffion, and not in reversion or expe&angy, any of the faid north-lots, of which they or U«y of them (ball be fo feized or poflefTed, ynto any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politic or corporate, for one or more life or liyes renewable for ever, or for any term of years at the full improved yearly value of fuch lots, to be fet to a folvent tenant at the time of malting fuch leafe, for the pur-pofe of making and eroding of houfe* and buildings uppn inch lpt or lots fo dfmifedt without takipg pny fipe or other confident ion whatever, fave the rent thereby to be referred for, orJnrcfpcAof fuch leafe.

XXXII.	Provided always That in cafe a fum or fum* of

money, not than five hundred pounds for every lot which (hall be fo d^mifed, (hall not be laid opt and expended upon the lot or Jpts wbiph (hajl b^ fp demifed, within five years after the making fab leafe or demife, in efc&ing pne or more good and fuffifient houfe or buildings of brick or (lone vppn fuch lot or Jof9 » then and in that cafe, and from the time of the- expiratioi\ of the find terpi of five years, fuch }eafe or demife (hall W abfolutcly n\iD and void; but if fuph fum and fums of money \a? afprefaid^ (hall be fo laid out and expended as aforefeid, within the (aid term of five years, on fuch lot oy lots a* (hall \bc fo demifed, then fuch leafe for hves renewable for pyer, be good ^d effectual to all intents and purpofes againft a®3®*! cvfry perfop and perfon8, body and bodies politic and corJP0^31^ claiming any eftate in fyefy land in rev^rfiop, remind A fuccefllpn or expectancy.	\

XXXIII.	And be ft cnaCted, That m caown" or owners, proprietor or proprietors of any mf t^,c north-lots which is or are not now enclofed, (hall\bereafter cnclofe the fame, and in fp doing (ball make ufe pf l$ny built, or to be built by the owner or proprietor of\anY the faid lpts adjoining thereto \ the perfon pr perfons

ufe of fuch wall for fuch en^lofure, (hs^il pay to the t%T^on or perfons who (hall previoufly be in pofleflion of (rich as aforefaid, one half of the value w’hich fuch wall /halL^hc pf at the time of making fuch endofure ; the feme to bei covered by civil bill before the- recorder of the city Dublin.

XXXIV.	Ar

Digitized by

Google

The thirty fecend Tear of George III.

XXXIV.	And whereas divers perfons have heretofore

jdug and taken from the road along the north and eaft-walls ^bounding the faid river, quantities of the clay and fand which compofe the (aid roads, and have thereby made hole* and pit3 in the fame, to the great injury thereof; for re* Pcrfcnsne-medy whereof, be it ena&ed, That the faid perfon or per- *^»n*»»her©« fons, (hall within one month after he, (he, or they (hall be	$

jtquired fo to do, by notice in writing under the hands of

three or more of the members of the faid corporation, fill up fuch holes and pits, or in default thereof (hall forfeit to the faid corporation the fum of five pounds fierling ; and in that cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation |to caufc the faid holes and pits to be fo filled up, and to levy the colts and rxpence thereof, together with the faid forfeiture or penalty, by diflrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the perfon or perfpns guilty of fuch default $ the faid diflrefs ana fale to be made and executed by any perfon or perfons authorifed fo to do, by warrant under the hands and feals of three or more of the mcm-Ji>er8 of the fjtid corporation.

XXXV.	^And be it enabled. That it (hall and may be .

lawful for the grand jury of thd city of Dublin, in every Grind jurist Eafter tern?, in each and every year for ever hereafter, to caufe to bo presented and raifed upon the county of the city j-oadi* of Dublin, at large, in the manner preferibed by the laws <pow in force, for railjng money by preferment, for repairing roads in counties, or counties of cities, a fum pf money fufficient for repairing the roads upon the faid north and Couth walls, bounding the faid river.

XXXVf, And whereas certain of the proprietors of the faid north-lots, have fince the firfl day of January lad pad, laid out and expended a fum of money hi making a tempo-'	Bfreia

rary repair in and upon the faid wall, on the north fide of *0*^. pai<1 for |he faid river? which repair was neceflary fot the prefervati- rrpairing notch on of the faid w^I; be it enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, and they are hereby required out of the firft monies that (hall arife from jbe faid duties, rates, and taxes, to be raifed as aforefaid, pay unto the perfon or perfpns fuch fum or fums of money as the faid perfon $ or perfons fo expended in repairing the laid wall as aforefaid, provided thpt the fum fo to be paid (hall not exceed in jthe whole the fum of two hundred pounds fterling.

XXXVII. And whereas the fevcral powers veiled in the corporation for preferving and improving the port of Dublin, by the aforefaid a€t palled in the twenty-fixth year of the Tpign of his prefeut Majefty, and the fcycral regulations

'	thereby

*

Digitized by L^ooQle

thereby enabled, have been found infufficierit for the carrying into complete execution the ufcful and falutary purpofe of the fuid acl; and it is therefore neceflary to grant further powers to the faid corporation, and enail further regulations with refpeft to the condu& of the matters, owners, and managers, of (hipping reforting to the faid port, harbour, and bay of Dublin, and the harbour of Dunleary ; and of boats, barges, lighters, and other vcflels plying within the faid port and harbours refpe&ively : and whereas not-withftanding the directions and regulations contained in the faid act, feveral vefTels which have arrived and difeharged in the port and harbour of Dublin, and harbour of Dunks ry, have G ice the patting of the faid alt, failed from the faid port and harbours relpeetively, without paying to the faid corporation the rates and duties payable to the (aid corporation under the faid alt of parliament ; be it therefore cnaltecl by the authority afore fa id, That from and after the pailir\g of this aIt, if any veflcl which fhall arrive in the faid Vcffid* which port w harbour of Dublin, or in the faid harbour of Dun-^avrn^ratc* leary, (frail fail therefrom without pa^ng to the (aid corpo-forfeit 10I. ration* or the officer who (hail be appointed by the (aid corporation to receive the fame, the full amount of all fuch rates and duties as (bah be due and payable by the matter or commander of fuch. (hip or vettel, purfuant to the faid recited a61, fuch matter or commander, fhall forfeit to the faid corporation the fum of ten pounds tterling ; and fhall be alfo pcrfonally fubjelt and liable to the payment of the full amount of all fuch rates and duties as fhall be then fo due and payable; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation at any time after fuch vefTel fhall fo fail, to recover the amount of the faid rates and duties by an alt ion. at law, againft fuch matter and commander, in any of hi* Majeftyb* courts of record in this kingdom ; and for that purpofe to arrett and implead fuch matter or commander, and to hold him to fpecial bail in fuch altron, the ballatt matter of the faid port of Dublin, firtt afeertaining the amount of luch rates and duties as fhall be fo due and payable, by affidavit before a judge of the court in which fuch altion fhall be intended to be brought ; and further that fuch vefTel fo failing, fhall be liable to, and charged and chargeable, as well with the faid forfeiture of ten pounds* as all fuch rates and duties as fhall be fo due and payable a* aforefaid ; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the fed corporation, by warrant under the hands of three of the membeisof the (aid corporation, to be directed to fuch. perfon as they fhall think fit for that purpofe, at any time after the faid veflel (hall fo fail, to feize and diftrain fuch: if found within any port, harbour, or creek within.

3.	thi*

A- D.

1792. Chap. 35-

The tkirty-fccond Tcftr •/’Qeorge III*

4*7

this kingdom; and all her (ails, mads, rjgging, tackle and furniture, for the payment of the faid forfeiture, and of all fuch arrears of the faid rates and duties, as (hall be then payable upon fuch veffel by fuch mader or commander, whether fuch veffel (hall at the time of fuch feizure be commanded by the fame mader or commander who commanded the fame at the time the faid vedel fo failed or not; and that in cafe the faid penalty and all fuch arrears as aforefaid, of the faid rates and duties, fhall not be paid to the faid corporation, or their proper officer, within feven days after inch feizure, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, or the perfon to whom fuch warrant fhaU bs dire&ed as aforefaid, to feU and difpofe of the faid vedel, and all her fails, malls, rigging, tackle and furniture, or fo much thereof as (hall be fufficient for payment of the faid penalty of ten pounds; and all fuch arrears of the fai^ rates and duties as fhall be fo due and payable as aforefaid ; and that it fhall be at the eje&ion of the faid corporation either to enforce payment of the faid penalty, rates and duties, from the laid mafler as aforefaid, or by feizing £nd didfoinipg fuch veflels, and her fails, mads, rigging, tackle and furniture for the fame as aforefaid.

XXXVIII. And be it enaAed, That all veflels carrying Veffeb carry-paflcngers only, the iriafler or commander of which fhall pay *n8 pa^°gcr* s to the faid corporation, atone entire payment, a fura of	f°r 6*^	'

money, amounting to all rates chargeable by the faid re- voyages, at ii-cited adl of .the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty, bertytofi and this a6l, upon fuch veffel, to be computed upon fix 7car* voyages, fhalLbe at liberty for the fpace of one year then next enfuing, and to be computed from the day on which fuch payment (hall be made, to fail from and to the faid port of Dublin, with pafTengcrs only, as often within fuch year as the mailer or commander of fuch veffel fhall think fit: Pro^ vided always, That all veflels upop which fuch -payment as.	1

aforefaid, fhall not be made at one entire payment, fhall be .fubject to, and charged and chargeable with all fuch rates and duties for every voyage fuch veffel fhall make, as fuch yeffds would have been otherwife fubje& to, and charged and chargeable with, under the faid recjted adl of parliament, ana this prefent a61.

XXXIX: And whereas maflcrs of veflels leaving the faid port and harbouf* of Dublin, frequently make eptries at the cliftom-houfe of the port of Dublin, of dung to be /hipped on board fuch veffels, and obtain permits thereon, and afterwards under colour 'of fuch entries and permits, fliip on board fuch veifels, flrcet dirt, coal afhes, paving flpnes, gravel and rubbifh, and matters of the like nature* or dung mixed with fuch matters as aforefaid; for remedy where??*

■'	to

Digitized by Google

Matter* of vtffeU taking on boa d nut* ter* herein mentioned, liable to fioet, ttu

Matters entitled to carry dmmg to make and proctors a permit M herein.

7he thlrty-fecond Tear of George III.

\e ft enadled, That if any matter or commatider of any flifi> or vcffcl, which (hall arrive in the faid port or harbour or Dublin, (hall in any manner or under any pretence whatever, put or take on board, or permit or fuffer to be put or taken on board any fuch (hip or veflel, any ftreet dirt, coal afties, paving ftones, gravel or rubbifh of any kind whatfoever, or any matter or matter* of the like nature, (fave the ballad to be furftiffied by fuch corporation,) or any dung mixed with the faid matter*, or any of them, fuch matter or commander (hall be deemed and considered a» having bought and purchafed, and taken on board fuch (hip or veflel, ballad not furaifhed bv the faid corporation, and (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence all fuch fine and fines, penalty and penalties, as is or are by the faid recited a£t of parliament of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prfcfent Majefty, directed to be forfeited and paid by matters or commanders of vettels, guilty of buying or pur-chafing, or permitting to be put on board fuch (hip or vef-fel ballad not fumifhed by the (aid corporation ; and any perfon or perfons who (hall in any manner fumifti for the ufe of fuch (hip or veflel fuch ftreet dirt, coal attics, paving Hones, gravel or rubbifh, or any matter of the like nature, (hall be deemed guilty of having fold ballad for the ufe of fuch (hip or veflel, and (hall forfeit and pay fuch fine and fines as is or are by the faid recited a& of parliament of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty* dire&cd to be forfested and paid by perfons felling ballad for the ufe of any (hip or vefTel.

XL. And be it ena&ed, That every matter or commander of any veflel entitled under the faid recited a & of partia^ ment of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of bis prefent ' Majetty, to carry dung from the fai<J pert of Dublin, wha (hall (hip, or caufe to be (hipped, dung on board any fuch veflel, (hall previous to the (hipping of fuch dung, make entry thereof, with the proper officer of his Majefty** rev<^ nue in the faid port, as dung to be (hipped on board fuch veflel, and (hall procure a permit from the the faid officer for the (hipping fuch dung on board fuch veflel, and fuch mafter or commander (ball previous to the (hipping of fuch dung, bring and deliver fuch permit to the ballad-mafter of the port of Dublin for the time being, at the ballad-office of the faid port; and the faid liaHaft-maftdr or other officer appointed for that purpofe by the ftud corporation, is hereby required thereupon, on being paid by * fuch mafter or commander one Britifh (hilling, to make a true entry in the book* of the faid ballaft-office of the date of ftich permit^ and the quantity of dung therein mentioned as intended to be (hipped* and to certify whether the veflel mentioned* tn

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-fecond Tear of George I lit

loch permit be qualified to receive fucb dung an board at not l and if fuch baliaft-null^r fhafl (a cert iff that fuch ^feffel is fo qualified, the mailer of fuch vdiel (hall be authorized to receive on board fuch veffel fuch quafntitf of dung" as (hall be mentioned in fuch permit and certificate, and no more ; and if any mailer or commander of any veffel qualif tied to take dung on board as aforefaid, (hall put or take on board, or petmit or fuffer to be put or taken on board any fuch veffel any dung whatever, without making fuch entry* and obtaining fuch permit as aforefaid, and delivering fuch permit to the faid bailall-mafter as herein before is directed, or (hall receive on board fuch veffel any greater quantity of dung than (hall be mentioned in fuch permit or certificate, every fuch mailer or commander (hall forfeit to the faid cor* poration fuch fum as the laid corporation (hall think fit, not exceeding five pounds.

XL1. And be it cna&ed, That all dung which (hall be Shipped on board any fuch veffel as aforclaid in the port of Dublin, (hall be (hipped from fuch part or parts of the quays on each fide Of the river Liffey, as (hall be from time to time dire&ed and appointed by the faid corporation for that purpofe, and at no other place or places whatfoever; and that ail dung which (hall be fo (hipped, (hall be put on board fuch veffel immediately, upon the fame being brought to fuch part or parts of the (aid quays as (hall be appointed as aforefaid for that purpofe; and that no dung fo to be. fhipped (hall be laid upon the faid quays, but all l'uch dung ihall immediately upon the fame coming to or arriving at luch part or parts of the faid quays as aforefaid, be conveyed into fuch vefltl immediately from the cart, car, or other vehicle which (hall have brought the fame to fuch quay, by means of a hurry or trough of wood, or in clofe barrows, (and not with a (hovel,) in fuch manner as that no part of fuch dung (hall fall into the faid harbour or river, or upon the faickquaya, or any part thereof; and if any fuch dung fhall not be put on board any fuch veffel immediately upon the fame being brought to the faid quays as aforefaid, or if any fuch dung (hall be laid on the faid quays, or be convey* ed in any other manner than is herein before directed into any fuch veffel, the matter or commander of fuch veffel on board which fuch dung (hall be put, or intended to be put, and alfo all and ever y perfon and perlons who (hall be concerned or a&ing in fo laying down fuch dung, or conveying the fame into fuch veffel, (hall each of them, upon being convicted of any of the faid offences before the (aid corporation, by the oath of one credible witnefs, forfeit for every fuch offence fuch fum as the faid corporation (hall think fit, not exceeding forty (hillings; one moiety thereof to be paid

to

Dung to be (hipped where appointed, and immediately after beinj brought (p quay.

Digitized by

Google

jyfter Carliflc Bridge (hall be finiined, and a crane

ereded for lowering and hoitt* ingmafU, no vcflel to take dung on board, except at herein.

The tbirtjfkond Tear of Gcorgt Ilf.

to the perfon who (hall give fuch Information, and t&e othe* moiety thereof to the (aid corporation: apd the fa id corporation are hereby empowered by themfelves, or their officers by them thereunto authorized, to feize and diftrain the fails, rigging and furniture, and other matters to be found qn board fuch vefTel, or a fufficient part thereof, for payment of fuch fine as fhall be fo impofed upon fuch matter or commander* and alfo to feize and dittrain the cart, car, or other carriage or vehicle by which fuch dung fhall be brought to the hud quays, or any part thereof as aforefaid, for the aforefaid fine or fines fo impofed on fuch perfon or perfons, who fhall be concerned or a&ing in fo laying down fuch dung, or coo-veying the fame into fuch vefTel, contrary to the dirc&ioos of this ad 5 and in cafe the faid fine or fines fhall not refpec-tively be paid within feven days after fuch feizure or feizurcs, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, or any of their officers thereunto authorized, to fell by public cant the (aid fails, rigging, tackle and furniture, or a fufficient part thereof, for payment of the faid fine fo to be impofed on fuch matter or commander, and alfo to fell by public cant, fuch car, cart, or other carriage or vehicle, returning the overplus of the money arifing by fuch fale or Tales refpe&ively, if any, to the refpe&ive owner or owners of the matters or matter which fhall be fo fold.

XLII. And be it enaded, That from fuch time as the new bridge now ereding acrofs the river Liffey, and intended to be called Carliflc Bridge, fhall be finifhed, and the faid corporation fhall have ereded, orcaufe to be ereded, a proper and fufficient crane, or other machine for aflitting veffels in lowering or hoitting out their mails, no vefTel whatsoever failing from the faid port of Dublin, fhall be permitted to take on board any dung* unlefs fuch vefTel fhall immediately previous to fhipping or taking on board fuch dung, have unladed the cargo with which fuch vefTel fhall immediately previous thereto have arrived within the faid port above and at the wettward of faid bridge, or fhall have difeharged fuch cargo in fome of the docks which may be formed by the company of undertakers of the grand canal, or the royal canal company ; and if any vefTel whatever fhall at any time after the faid bridge fhall be finifhed, and the faid corporation fhall have ereded fuch crane or other machine as aforefaid, fhip or take on board any dung whatfoever, without having immediately previous to fo doing unladed her cargo above and at the wettward of faid bridge, or having dif-charged her cargo in fome of the faid docks, the matter or commander of every fuch vefTel fhall forfeit and pay to the faid corporation, fuch fum as the ttud corporation

fhall

Digitized by

Term* on

The ihirty-Jeeond Tear of George III-

fliall think fit, not exceeding the fum of. five pounds fter-ling.

XLIII. And be it enafted, That the faid corporation (hall be,‘ and are hereby empowered to grant licenfes to the owner or owners of all boats which (hall be employed as pilot-boats within the faid port, harbour, or bay of Dublin, and in the faid harbour of Dunleary; provided that the liccnfcd by cacw o^ ner or owners of ev£ry fuch boat (hall previous, to the poration. granting fuch licenfc, enter into feenrity by himfelf or themfelves, and one other good and fufficicnt perfon as his or their fureties, to be approved of by the faid corporation, by bond in the penalty or fum of one hundred pounds ftcr-ling, conditioned to keep up fuch boat in good order and ' condition, and to have the fame at all times properly manned, and to abide and be determined by fuch reasonable and accuttomed rates for piloting, as the faid corporation (hall by any rule, order, or bye-law to be made and ordained by them, purfuant to the powers vetted in them by the faid laft mentioned aft agree upon, and alfo to abide by, perform and fulfil all fuch rules, orders, bye-laws, and regulations as the faid corporation fhall, purfuant to the faid powers, make and Ordain, relative to the conduft of the owners of fuch boats.

XLIV. And be it enafted, That if airy boat or veflel, penalty on the owner or owners of which (hall not be Jicenfed as afore- owners faid, and the owner or owners of which (hall not hate^ given fuch fecurity as aforefaid, (hall be found plying within the ing/sce/ faid poTt or harbour of Dublin, or within the (aid harbour * of Dunleary, as a pilot-boat, or if any fuch owner or owners of any fuch boat (hall refufe or ncgleft- to enter into fuck fecurity, and perform the requifites enjoined by this aft, then and for every of the faid offences, and for every time any of the faid offences (hall be committed, the owner or matter of fuch boat (hall forfeit fuch fum as the faid corporation (hall think fit, not exceeding the fum of twenty pounds fterling.

XLV. And be it enafted, That no pilot-boat, the owner	for

Or owners of which (hall be fo licenfed, (hall be withdrawn fiom its regular attendance on the bufinefs and duties of the pilot-fervicc, unlefs the owner or owners thereof (ha'll give to the faid corporation, or the ballatt-mafter for the time being, three months previous notice in writing, figned by him, of his or their intention of withdrawing faid boat from fuch fervice, on pain of forfeiting to the faid corporation fuch fum of money not exceeding twenty pounds, as the laid corpoiatiotf (hall think fit.

XLVI. And be it enafted, That in cafe of any fervioe m fcrvices performed^ any pilot licenfed by.thc faid corporation.

Digitized by

Google

4J»

Tie ihirtyftcoM Tear of dearge tits

A. D.

179J. Chap. 35^

Corporation may alccrtaio rompmfation to pilots for extra fervice.

Corporation may alccrtaio compcnlation to pcrfons who lhail find anchor* or tablet, at herein.

Mailt, Sec. may be fcizcJ foe compcn-

{

ratioif, (lot within Hit immediate duty at pilot, to the pr£-fervation of any (hip or veftel which may be iu danger of being loft or injured, it fhall and may be lawful to and' for the (aid corporation to ascertain fuch compenfation as they (hall think fit, to be made to foeh pilot, in addition to the ufuaf pilotage to be paid to fuch pilot for fuch extra fervice, wiiir which faid compenfation fo to be ascertained, the mailer or commander eft fuch veftel, and fuch veftel (hall (land charge* V in like manner as they arc charged and chargeable with the rates and duties payable under the faid recited a& of thef twenty-fixth year of the feign of his preient Majcfty ; and the laid corporation are hereby empowered to raife, levy arid colled the amount of fuch compenfation* in like manner and by fuch means as they are by the faid recited ad of the tWenty-fixth year of the reign of his ptefent Majcfty, and this prefent ad. empowered to raife, levy, and colled the laid rates and duties, and to pay the amount thereof when received by them, to the pilot or pilots performing fuch extra fervice or ferviccs.

XLVII. And be it enaded, That the faid corporation (hall have full power and authority to award and ascertain the amount of fuch compenfation as they fhaU think fit, to be paid by the matter or commander, or owner or owners of any Ihip or veftel which may be driven from \.*r moorings, by diftrefs of weather or otherwife, within the faid port, harbour, or bay of Dublin, or within the faid harbour of Dunleary, to any perfbn or persons who (hall fearch for, find or diiiover the anchor or anchors, cable or cable* of fuch veftel, which may have been left behind by fuch veftel on her being driven from her moorings a* aforeuid r provided fuch anchor or anchors, cable or cables (hall have remained forty-eight hours iiv the place where the fame (hall -have been fo left behind, before the fame (hall have been ft> found.

XLVIIL And provided alfb, That fuch anchor or anchors, cable or cables, (hall on the fame being found by fuch perfon or perions, be delivered to the mailer or commander of fuch veftel, or ir> cafe ef his abfence (hall be deposited iu the yard of the faid balkdl-oflSce for his ufe j aiul in calc the maftei or commander, or owner or owners of fuch (hip or vcftcl, (hall refufe or neglefl to pay on demand to the perfon or perfons who fhall find fuch anchor or anchors, cable or cables, the amount of fuch compenfation as (hall be afeertained as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid corporation, by warrant under the hands and (calsof three of the members of the faid corporation, to feize and diftrain all the mails, rigging, tackle, furniture, and other matters to be found on board fucb veftel, or a fufficient pact

thereof.

I

The tbirty-ficond 7W of Gaorge III.	43	J

thereof, and to fell and difpofe of the fame for payment of A. D* the amount of fuch compenfation, and the faid corporation *792. (hall pay the amount of fuch compenfation when received or Chap. 35. recovered by them, to the perfon or perforis who (hall find V— fuch anchor or anchors, cable or cables.

XLIX. And be it ena&ed, That if any perfon or per/ons Penalty on who fhall find any fuch anchor or cable, or (hall by any keeping any means get the fame into his, her, or their poffefiion, (hall ” hour^s!*' for the fpace of twenty-four hours after finding the fame, ^ol. or getting the fame into his, her, or their poffeflion, omit to give information thereof to the matter or commander of the veffel to which the fame (hall belong, or to the ballad matter of the faid port for the time being, fuch perfon or perfons fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds derling, one half thereof to be *paid to the ttud corporation, and ' the other half thereof to the perfon who fhall give information of fuch perfon or perfons having found or gotten into his, her, or their poffefiton fuch anchor or cable, without giving fuch notice as aforefaid.

L. And be it enacted. That the matter or commander of Penalty on any veffel, which fhall take in ballaft in the faid port or matters, &c. harbour of Dublin, or in the faid harbour of Duuleary, or n^f **£“*"£ ccr* fuch other perfon as fhall have the command or direction “jj halhft0-of fuch veffel, during the abfence of the matter or commander thereof, fhall fign and give to fuch perfon as (hall • deliver fuch ballad on board fuch veffel, a certificate in writing, of the true quantity of ballad which (hall be received on board fuch veffel, on pain of forfeiting to the faid corporation in cafe of his negleft to do fo, fuch fum aa the faid corporation fhall think fit, not exceeding forty fhillings 5 and dfo that every matter or commander, or other perfon commanding or direeding any veffel, which fhall arrive within the faid port or harbour of Dublin, or within .the faid harbour of Dunleary, (hall fign and deliver: to the pilot who fhall be on board foch veffel, a certificate in writing, of the triie number of feet of water which fuch veffel (hall draw, on pain in cafe of his neglecting to do fo, or of ffuch return being falfe of forfeiting to the faid corporation, fuch fum as the faid corporation fhall think fit, not exceeding forty (hillings.

LI. And be it enadted, That any pilot or gabbard man, p#naHy or any perfon whatfoever, who fhall counterfeit any certifi- on producing a cate, receipt, or other writing or inftruraeut whatfoever, or ctrtHi-ate, produce to the faid corporation, or any of the officers of the c* faid corporation, any counterfeited or falfe certificate, receipt, or other writing or indrument whatfoever, for the purpofe of obtaining any fum or fnms of money from the find corporation, on pretence of any payment or payments Vol. IX.	E e 1	to

Digitized by LjOOQle

TieMrtyfictai Tttr Pj Gtorgt IIL

to bemadeby the find corporation, and (hall be thereof con-vi&ed before the laid corporation, by the oath of one credible witocfs, fhafl forfeit to the faid corporation, fuch fum of money as the faid corporation (hall think fit, not exceeding five pounds fterling ; and if fuch perfon or perfons (hafl not have wherewithal to fetisfy fuch fine or fines, it (hail aod may be lawful to and for any three or more members of the faid corporation, to commit fuch perfon or perfons to the houfe of correction of the city or county of Dublin, there to be kept at hard labour, fo as the term of confinement of fuch perfon or perfons, to tiie faid houfe of correction, may not for any one offence exceed one month.

1*1 L And be it enafted. That the faid corporatioa (hall be, and arc hereby empowered to grant lioenfes to ati row-wherries phw 1***^ failing-boats and worries, which (hall ply for hire' for hire.	within the faid port or harbour of Dublin, or within the

faid harbour of Dunleary ; and that ail fuch row boats, lading-boats and wherries, (hall be numbered and their numbers painted with confpicuons figures thereon ; and (hail be regifteted by their numbers, and by the names of their - refpeftive owners, with the ballad-mailer of the faid port for the time being ; the owner or owners of carry fuch boat, paying to the faid ballad-mailer the fum of two (hillings and eight pence halfpenny for regiftcring the fame ; and all fuch row-boats, failing-boats, and wherries, and the owners thereof, (hall be regulated, bound, and determined by fuch rates for the paflage of any perfon or perfons pafiiog or repafifrag within the faid port or harbour of Dublin, or within the faid harbour of Dunleary ; and for the freight or carriage of any goods within the faid port or harbours nefpeftirdy, as the faid corporation (had dire& and appoint, by any rule, order, or bye-law, which the faid corporation (hall think fit to make, purfuant to the powers in them veiled for making rules, orders, and bye-laws; and alfo (hall abide by, perform, and fulfil afi fuch rules, orders, and bye-laws as the faid corporation (hall, purfuant to the faid powers, make and ordain, relative to the condu& of the owners or managers of fuch row-boats, failing-boats, and wherries, in plying within the faid port or harbour rtfpedtivdy ; and in cafe any perfon or perfons wbatfoever, (hall ply any boat for hire within the (aid port or harbours, or either of them, without being licenfed fo to do by the faid corporation as aforcCaid, and without fuch boat being numbered and regiftered as afbrefaid, or in cafe any fuch perfon or perfons, or the owner or owners of any fuch boats or wherries, (hall refufc to be bound and determined by fuch rates for paflage and freight as afore faid, or to abide by, perform and fulfil aH fuch rules, orders, and bye-laws as afbrc&id,

then

Corporation

Digitized by L^ooQle

The thirty •fecond Tear of George II|r	43	y

then and in any of the faid cafes fuch perfon. or perfoni, A. D. or the owner or owners of fuch boats or wherries, and every 1792. of them, {hall forfeit to the faid corporation, fuch fum as Chap. 33. the faid corporation (hall think fit, not exceeding forty (hil-lings fterling 5 provided always that nothing herein contained fhall extend to ferry-boats plying with paffengers acroft the river Liffey.	^

LI 11. And be it enabled, That if any lighter-man, or the Penalty on ownei or owners of, or perfon or perfons managing or con- lighter-man, or dn&ing any lighter or gabbard, which (hall ply within the F*rfou condu&-faid port or harbour of Dublin, or within the faid harbour of Dunleary, for the carrying of goods, (hall when required in, any fum not by any perfon or perfons, to carry any goods to or from exceeding 5L any (hip or veffel within the faid port or harbours, when not engaged in carrying other goods, refufe to carry fuch goods to or from fuch (hip or vefTel; or in cafe the owner or owners of, or perfon or perfons managing or conducing any row-boat, failing-boat, or wherry, which (hall ply within the faid port or harbour of Dublin, or within the faid harbour of Dunleary, for the carrying of pafTengers within die faid ports or harbours, or either of them, (hall when required by any perfon or perfons to carry fuch perfon or perfons, when fuch boat or wherry (hall not be engaged in carrying any other perfon or perfons, refufe to carry fuch perfon or perfons, requiring the fame, fuch lighter-man or other perfon or perfons, fo refufing to carry fuch goods, or the owner -or owners of fuch lighter or gabbard, ijnd the owner or owners of, or perfon or perfons managing or conducing fuch row-boat, failing-boat, or wheiry, who (hall fo refufe to carry fuch paffenger or pafTengers as aforefaid,

(hall refpeCively forfeit for every fuch refufal, fuch fum as the faid corporation (hall think fit, not exceeding five pounds ilerling.

L1V. And be it enaaCed, That if any perfon or perfons, Perfons gufl-fhall be in compauy with any other perfon or perfons, who *yD( cutring (hall be gyilty of wilfully cutcing away any buoy, or buoy-	or

rope, from any anchor of any (hip, lighter, veifel, or wherry, pen^^ ^ within the harbour or bay of Dublin, and the harbour of heieiu. Dunleary, or either of them, or upon the river Anna LifFey, or from any anchor which may have been left in faid harbours, bay or riv$r, or any of them, by any fuch (hip, lighter, or wherry, which may have parted from fuch anchor, by any caufe whatsoever ; or of cutting away any rope or hawfer, by which any fuch (hip or vefTel (hall be Taftened to her anchor, or otherwife moored or faftened, or in any manner whatever calling loofe or cutting away any fuch (hip, lighter, vefTel or wherry from its moorings, or of defacing or taking away any floating buoy or perch, or known E e z	v	Tea

Digitized by CjOOQle

43«

A. D.

»792-Chap. 35.

Matters of (hips t > pay to ballaft-mafter 3d. per ton for hoaving, herein.

Tit thbrty-fccond Year of George III.

fea mark, fuch perfon or perfons, wh# at the time fuch offences* or any of them (hall be committed, fhall be in -company with the perfon or perfons who (hall be a&uafly guilty of the faid offences, or any of them, (hall be deemed a principal or principals in the committing of fuch offence, and fhall be fubjeft to the like penalty and punilhment as the perfon or perfons who (hall a&ually commit the faid offences, or any of them, (ball be fubjefl and liable to, under the faid recited a£l of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons who (hall be fo in company with the perfon or perfons a&ually guilty of fuch offence, (hall within twenty-four hours after fuch offence (hall be committed, give information to the ballad-mailer of the port of Dublin, for the time being, * of fuch offence, and of the name or names, and place and places of abode of the perfon or perfons who a&ually committed the fame, and of all and every other perfon or perfons who was or were in company with fuch perfon or perfons when fuch offence was committed.

LV. And whereas great inconveniencies have arifen from the manner in which mailers and commanders of vdTels arriving in the laid port and harbour of Dublin, and in the faid harbour of Dunleary, have heretofore paid for the heaving and putting ballail on board their refpe&ivc veffels, for remedy whereof, be it enabled. That from and after the paf-fing of this a/dl, every matter or commander of any veffel which (hall take in ballaft in the faid port or harbour of j Dublin, or in the faid harbour of Dunleary, (hall at the time when he (hall pay for fuch ballaft, at the ballaft-office of the faid port of Dublin, alfo pay to the ballaft-mafter of the faid port, three pence per ton for the heaving knd putting on board fuch ballaft, provided fuch veffel (hall be under one hundred tons burthen, or being above that burthen, (hall have port-holes for the reception of ballaft ; and in cafe fuch veffel (hall be of one hundred tons burthen or upwards, and (hall not have fuch port-holes, then fuch matter or commander fhall pay to the faid ballaft-mafter, four pence' per ton for the heaving and putting on board fuch ballad ; and the faid corporation, or the faid ballaft-mafter, (hall upon fuch payment being made, procure fuch ballail to be put on board fuch veffel without any further payment or charge for fo doing, and (hall pay at the refpeftive rates aforefaid to the perfon or perfons to be employed by faid corporation or ballaft-mafter, for the purpofe of putting fuch ballaft on board fuch veffel; and that no ballad (hall be put on board any fuch veffel by any other perfon or perfons than fuch as (hall be employed by the faid corporation, or the faid bal-laft-maftcr for that purpofe, and if any perfon or perfons

not



-A - -i-

)igiti^d by



The thirty-fecoud Tear of George III.

not fo employed, fhall put any ballad on board any fuch vefTel, every fuch perfon, and alfo the mader or commander of every fuch veflel, fhall forfeit to the faid corporation, fuch fum as the fatd corporation fhall think fit, not exceeding five pounds flerling.

LVI. And to the end that the feveral and refpe&ive duties and fines payable, or which may be payable by virtue of this aft, or of the faid aft of the twenty-fixth year , of the reign of his prefent Majefty, by the mailers or commanders of fhips or veffels arriving in the faid port or harbour of Dublin, or in the faid harbour of Dunleary ; be it enafted. That it fhall not be lawful for any of the officers officers not to of his Majefty’s cuflom-houfe at Dublin, to dear or dif- difeharge vefTeli charge any fhip or veflel outward bound, or to permit any (hip or veflel outward bound, until the commander or raaf- ducc ^Lharecs ter thereof fhall have brought a difeharge from the ballad- from ballaft-mader of the port of Dublin, for the time being, tdlifying jnaftcr, as hcrc-that fuch fhip or vefTel has paid and cleared the ballad in* money payable by fuch fhip or vefTel, in cafe fhe fhall have taken ballad; and likewife all and Angular the payments, rates, duties and fine3, payable by fuch commander or maf-ter, or chargeable upon fuch fliip or veflel by virtue of, or under this aft, arid the faid aft of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majedy, which difeharge (in cafe all fuch ballad money, payments, rates, duties, and fines (hall have been really paid) fhall be immediately granted by the faid ballad-mailer wkhout fee or reward, fraud or delay, upon fuch commander or mader fird making fuch oath, or if of the people called quakers, fuch affirmation, before fuch ballad-mader, as is direfted by the faid aft of the twenty fixth year of the reign of his prefent Ma-

ieftr	.	.	.	.

LVII. And whereas great inconveniencies have arifen by timber, dones, and other goods and matters being differed to remain on the quays and quay walls on each fide of the faid river Liffey, after being landed thereon, from ' veffels arriving within the faid harbour, whereby the difeharging and landing of goods, the mooring of veffels to the pods placed on the faid quays for that purpofe, and accefs to (hips lying in the faid river, and the paffage of carriages and perfons upon the faid quays and quay walls arc .much ob-flrufted, and the bed of the faid river is damaged and ob-drufted by the falling in of dones and other loofe masters laid upon the faid quays and quay walls ; for remedy whereof, be it enafted. That if any lime-dones, buiiding-flones, ^ penaltv on or fand, which (hall be landed out of any fhip or veflel, leavingffouesor fhall be differed by the owner or owners, proprietpr or pro- fand, &c. on

prietors thereof, to remain longer ou any of the faid quays wall* mor#

than 24 hours.

438

Tie thirty fecorul Tear of George III.

A. D. or quay walls, than twenty-four hours next after landing the % 1792.	fame; or if any timber or other goods or matters whatfo-

Chn.	ever, which (hall be landed as aforefaid, (hall be fo fuf-

fered to remain on any of the faid quays,.to the eaftward of CardiffVLane, on the fouth fide, and to the eaftward of Commons-Street, on the north fide of the faid river, longer than twenty-four hours after landing the fame, or if any timber or other goods or matters whatever, which (hall be landed out of any (hip or veffel upon the faid quays and quay walls, or any of them to the weftward of the fanT laft mentioned boundaries, (hall be fuffered by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof, to remain upon the faid quays and quay walls, or any of them, for a longer fpace of time than feven days next after the landing thereof, or (hall be fo placed on the faid quays or quay walls, as to project therefrom over the faid river, or (hall be in any manner fo plaeed upon the faid quays or quay walls, as to prevent veffels from mooring to the polls fixed for that purpofe, ort the faid quays or quay walls, or fo as not to leave full and fufficient room between fuch polls for free accefs to the river ; or if any ft ones or fand of any kind whatfoever, or other loofe matter which may be likely to fall into the faid river, (hall be laid on any of the faid quays or quay wafts, or the (hips and avenues communicating therewith, nearer than three feet to the water-edge thereof, the owner or owners of fuch ftones or other goods or matters as (hall be fo laid or placed, or fuffered to remain on the faid quays or quay walls as aforefaid, and the owner or owners of fuch ftones, fand, or other loofe matters as fhali be fo as aforefaid laid thereon, as the cafe (hall happen to be, fhali forfeit and pay to the faid corporation for every fuch pffence fuch fum as the faid corporation (hall think fit, not exceeding five pounds, one half thereof to be paid fhe perfon who (hall give information to the faid corporation of tuch offence, and the other half thereof to the faid corporation ; and it (hall and may be lawful' to and for the ftid corporation to caufe fuch timber, ftones, or other matters to be removed from off fuch quay or quay walls, and to diftrain and fell by public cant To much of fuch timber, ftones, or other good* or matters a* will be fufficient to pay the faid fine and the expence of fuch removal; or to make ufe of, and apply any lime-ftones, building-block*, or ftones, or fand, which may be fo laid or placed, or fuffered to remain on the faid quay* or quay walls aforefaid, in the erecling or finifhing any work which may be carried on by the faid corporation for the improvement of the faid port or harbour of Dublin, at the election of the f&id corporation.

LVIII. Provided

Digitized by

Google

Tbr tUrtj-fnomJ Ttar tf George I1L

439

Corporation

L.VHL Provided always, and be it ensued, That if tke faid corporation fhall at any time find it neceflary to remove any fuch timber, ftones, or ether matters aforefaid, from off tile faid quay or quay walls at any time before the expiration of feveu days from the landing thereof, for the purpofe of enabling any other fhip or veflel to difeharge and land	be

her cargo thereon ; it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid reB[o^j «itba corporation, or ^ny officer ading under the (aid corporation, 7 aayt, if neccf» by any writing to be figned by him or them, to order and dired the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of fuch timber, Hones, or other matters, .to remove the fame forthwith ; and if fuch owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, do not within twenty-four hours after receiving fuch order or notice, remove fuch timber, ftones, or other goods or matters from off the faid quay or quay walls, he or they ihall forfeit at the rate of forty (hillings for every twenty-four hours, fuch timber, ftones, or other goods and matteis fhall fo lie on fuch quay or quay walls, after fuch twenty-four hours from the time of receiving fuch order or notice ; and it (hall alfo be lawful to and for the faid corporation to caufe fuch timber. Hones, or other godda or matters to be removed* and to diftrain and fell fo much thereof as will be fufficient to pay fuch fine, and the expence of fuch removal, or at their eledion to ufe and apply any'fuch lime-ftones, building-ftones, or blocks, or ftones and fand as aforefaid, in manner herein before mentioned.

L1X. And whereas it frequently happens that mafters or commanders of veffels, bringing lipie-ftones or (and into the {aid port apd harbour of Dublin as aftrefaid, land the fame, and fuffer the fame to remain on the faid quays and quay wafts* until they fhall return with another cargo of the like ftones or fand, which they alfo land thereon, by means whereof the faid quays and quay walls are often incumbered with large quantities of fuch ftones or fand ; for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed. That it fhall and may be lawful No fecond to and for the faid corporation, or any of their officers or	of ftones

fervants, to prevent the lauding or difeharging any fecond or further cargo of fuch ftones or fand from the fame fhip berewov-orveftcl, until the mailer or commander of fuch* fhip or cd. veflel, or the owner or proprietor of fuch ftones or fand, fhall have caufcd the firft and every fucceeding cargo of fuch ftones or fand to he removed from off inch quay or quay walls ; and if the mailer or commander of fuch fhip or veffel fhall by > any means contrive to land fuch fecond or further cargo, before fuch firft or other fucceeding cargo fhall have been removed as aforefaid, fuch mafter or commander, as well as the owner or owners, proprietor or pro-pi ietors of the llones or laud which fhall be fo landed, fhall

forfeit

Digitized by LjOOQle

aos. penalty on lay inn nuw-

The thirty-fecond Tear of George III.

Foifeit to the fa id corporation the fnm of forty (hillings, over and befides fuch penalty as may have been incurred, by not having removed the faid firft cargo within the time before limited by this aft ; and it fhall and may in that caife be lawful for the faid corporation to remove all fuch ftones and fand from off fuch quay, quay walls, or bank, and to diftrain and fell fo much thereof, as wSl be fufficient to pay fuch fine or fines, and to defray the expence of fucli removal, or at their eleftion to apply fuch ftones and fand to the building of any works neceffary for the improvement of the faid port and harbour of Dublin.

LX. And whereas timber, ftones, boats, mails, yards, anchors, fpars, and other goods, which have not immediately before been landed out of any fhip or veffei arriving within the faid port or harbour of Dublin, are frequently laid upon the faid quays and quay walls, and fuffered by the owner or owners thereof to continue thereon ; for remedy whereof, be it enafted, That if any perfon or perfons fhall lay upon any of the faid quays or quay walls, any timber.

ters of any kind ftoneSj or other goods or matters whatfoever, which fhall nmrc thln ia	not ^ave ^een immediately before landed from fome fhip or

hours.	veffei upon the faid quays or quay walls, or bank, and fhall

not within twelve hours from laving the fame upon the faid quays or quay walls, put the fame on board fome fhip or veffei for the purpofe of exportation, or being carried coaftways, the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of fuch timber, ftones, or other goods or matters, fhall f forfeit to the faid corporation for every fuch offence twenty /hillings fterling, and alfo ten (hillings for every day he or they fhall permit fuch timber, ftones, or other goods or matters to remain on fuch quays or quay walls ; and it fhall and may he lawful for the laid corporation to caufe the fame to be removed, and to diftrain and fell the fame, or a fufficient part thereof, by public cant, for payment of fuch fine or fines, and to defray the expcnce of fuch removal.

LXI. And be it etiafted, That if any perfon or perfons fhall cut or faw, or caufe to be cut or fawed, any ftones, or ftone or timber, or build or repair any boat on the faid qua)*, wVdiout quayR or quay walls, or any part thereof, without the con-leave, 4c*. fent of the faid corporation, fignified by writing, to be figned by the ballaft-nsafter of the faid port of Dublin for the time being, firft had and obtained for that purpofe, every fuch perfon fhall for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and pay to the faid corporation fuch fum as the faid corporation fhall think fit, not exceeding forty (hillings ; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation to feize and diftrain fuch ftones or ftone, and to fell and difpofe of the

fame,

Penalty on cutting or &w hisr timber or ftones, &e

The thirty frond Tear of George III.	441

lame, by public cant, for payment of fuch forfeiture, and A. D. the expence of fuch fale.	1792.

LXII. And be it ena&ed, That if any perfon or perfons Chap. 35. (hall expofe to fale, or caufe to be expofed to fale, by au&ion or otherwife, upon the faid quays or quay walls, or any part Penalty gn thereof, any goods whatfoever, (fave only fuch goods as ** may have been damaged at fea, on board the velfel in which qUay8> &c. 10I. the fame (hall, immediately previous to fuch fale, have arrived in the faid port or harbour of Dublin, and are of a perifhable nature,) the owner or owners of fuch goods (hall forfeit and pay to the faid corporation the fum of ten pounds fterling 5 and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation to feize and diftrain, and to fell by public cant, fuch goods, or a fufficient part thereof, for payment of the faid laft mentioned forfeiture, and the expence of fuch fale ; and in cafe fuch goods (hall be fo expofed to fale by auc- , tion, the perfon who (hall a£h as au&ionier in fo expof-ing fuch goods to fale, (hall forfeit the further fum of ten pounds.

LXIII. And be it ena&ed, That every perfon who (hall	Pnfons

throw or caff, of be concerned in throwing or catting into the faid river Liffey, or any part thereof, or into any fewer or dream emptying into the faid river, or into any (lip com- ’ municating with the faid river, any a(hes, dirt, or filth of any kind, or oyfter-lhells, or any kind of rubbilh, or other matter or thing which may tend to fill up the faid river, or injure or obftrudt the navigation thereof, fuch perfon or perfons, and alfo the owner or owners, occupier or occupies of any houfe, ground, yard, back fide, veffel, boat, cart, car, or other vehicle, out of which fuch afhes, dirt, filth, oyfter*(helLs, rubbilh, or other matters (hall be brought or thrown into the faid river, fewer, ftream or (lip, (hall upon the fame being proved upon the oath of one credible wit-nefs, before three or more members of the faid corporation, or before any of his Jvlajefty’s juftices of the peace for the county of Dublin, or county of the city,of Dublin, forfeit for the firft time fuch offence (hall be committed (over and above any other fine or penalty impofed for fuch offence, by the faid recited of the twenty-fixth year of his pre-fent Maje(ly,s reign) fuch fum as the faid corporation, or fuch juftice of the peace (hall think fit, not exceeding forty (hillings, and for the fecond and every fucceeding time fuch \ offence (hall be committed, fuch fum not exceeding five pounds, as the (aid corporation or fuch jullice (hall think fit, (over and above any fiich other fine or penalty as afore-faid) one half of the faid ‘fine or fines to be paid to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall difeover and profecute the perfon or perfon? guilty of fuch offence or offences, and the other

Digitized by v^ooQle

4V ,

A. D.

179.2. Chap. 35.

^rfon* rfa-aiaging walls, £rc. penalty a* herein.

Tic thirty-ftcond Tear of George HI.

half thereof (in cafe fuch perfon or perfons fhall be fo coo-

victed before three or more members of the faid corporation) to be paid to the faid corporation ; and in cafe fuch conviction fhall be before a juflice of the peace, fuch half thereof* to be given to the poor of the parifb wherein fiich offence fhall be committed, the faid tine or fines to be levied by diffrels and talc of the goods and cbatuls of the perfon or per fans agaiuit whom fuch fine or fines fhall be awarded* by warrant or warrants under the hands or fealg of three or more of the members c^f the faid corporation, or of fucb juflice of peace ; and if fuch perfon or perfons fhall opt have wherewithal to fatisfy^ fuch fine oy hues, it fhall and may be lawful to and for auy three or more members of the faid corporation, or fuch juflice of peace, to coipmit fuch perfon or perfons to the houfe 0/ correction of ific city or comity of Dublin, there to be kept at hard labour, fo as the term of confinement of fuch perfon or per ft ms to the faid honfif of corrtCiiofa, may not for any one oflcr.ee exceed one month ; and in cafe fiich dirt 01 filth fhall be 'Co thrown or fwept into the hid river, fewer, or flip, cr emptied from a cart on any of the quays, by any fervant or perfon aiding under any fcavenger or contractor for cleaning the ftreets of Dublip, then fitch fcavenger or eontradtoi Avail be fubject and liable to the aforefaid forfeiture and penalty* and the fame fiiaU be recovered and e 1 forced againll fuch fcavenger and contractor, in fuch manner as the like penalty is as atorefaid directed to be recovered and enforced againii any perfon who ^ fhall actually throw fuch dirt or filth io the faid river, fewer, or flip; and for the more effectually bringing to juflice any perfon or perfons guilty of tlve faid offence, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any of hi£ Majeity's fubjedts to feize aud take into cuflody any peifon or perfons guilty thereof, and to bring fuch perfou or per-fons before any three or more members of the faid cor-

Eoration, or before any fuch juflice of the peace as afore-lid

LXIV. And whereas very great injuries have been done to the quays, quay walls and embankments, and other defences of the faid river Liffey, and the faid harbour of Dublin, and the faid harbour of Dunleary, by perfons taking away the clay, fand, ftones, and other materials of which the fame are compofed, and by taking away fand and clay from the north and fouth lots : for remedy whereof, be it enadted, That it (hall and tnay be lawful to and for any of his Majefty’s fubj^dis to feize and take into cuflody any perfon m* perfons (except fuch a» may be acting undetf tlie authority of the faid corporation) who fhall be guilty of wilfully bieaking or damaging any quay, quay wall, embankment

iThe flirty fecond Tear of George ITT.	44}

bankment, or defence of, or belonging, or appertaining to >A* Dl the faid river Liffey, or the faid harbour of Dublin, or 174*, harbour of Dunleary, or of taking away, or in any manner Chajp. removing any of the day, fand, ftones, or other materials of what kind foever, of which fuch quay, quay wall, embankment, or defence is or fhall be coirpofed, or of taking up fand, ftones, or clay from the ft rand, within fifty feet of fuch wall, embankment or defence, or of taking away any fand or clay from the faid north and foutb lots, or any of. them, or of taking away any materials which fhall have been laid on fuch quay, quay wall, embankment or defence, for the purpofe of repairing the fame, or on the faid lots, or any of them, for repairing any work thereon, and to bring fuch perfon or perfons before the faid corporation, or any three or more of the members thereof 5 and upon fuch perfon or perfons being convifted upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witnefies before fuch corporation, or any three or more of the members thereof, of any of the faid laft mentioned offences, fuch perfon or per-fons (hall forfeit and pay to the faid corporation for every fuch offence, fuch fum not exceeding the fum of five pounds, as faid corporation (hall think fit, one half thereof to be paid to the faid corporation, and the other half thereof to be paid to the perfon or perfons vffio (hall give information of fuch offence ; and any boat, float, cart, car, barrow, or other vehicle whatever, into or upon which any fuch clay, fand, ftones, or other materials, (hall appear, by oath as aforefaid, to have been put, and alfo the beaft which (hall be yoked in any fuch eftrt, car, or other vehicle, (hall be abfolutely forfeited, and fold for the benefit of the faid corporation ; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perl fon or perfons who (hall find or difeover any fuch clay, fand, ftones or other materials, in or upon any fuch boat, float, cart, car, barrow, or other vehicle, to feize fuch boat, float, cart, car, barrow, or other vehicle, and alfo filch beaft as aforefaid, and deliver the fame to the faid corporation,or their officer or officers, and the faid corporation upon fuch proof upon oath as aforefaid, arc hereby empowered to fell the fame as aforefaid.

LXV. And in order the more effe&ually to prevent the pcrfon8Srho flagitious and dangerous pra&ice of cutting away ropes, haw- (hall between fers, and buoys from veflels and their anchors, be it cna&ed, iun-fet and fta-That if any perfon or perfons (whether licenfed to fell or n(e» buy prrebuy old ropes, or not fo licenfed) (hall at any tirtie whatever between fim-fet and fun-rife, buy or receive any old Tope or ^ herein, ropes or rigging that may have been ufed, fuch perfon or perfons upon. proof to be made thereof befbve the faid corporation, or any -three of the members thereof, (hall forfeit

. to

Digitized by v^ooQie

Corporation may grant a licence for a crane for weighing for weighing/dd rcpea.

Corporation may withdraw littnfcs, as herein.

Sums levied to he applcd, as herein.

Corporation may hear and determine of* fences, as herein.

The thirly-fecond Tear of George 1IL

to the Chid corporation all fuch ropes or rigging ; and it (hall be lawful for the corporation, or any of the members thereof, or any officer or officers employed by the faid corporation, to fme and fell fuch ropes or rigging for the life of the (aid corporation; and fuch perfon or perfons (hall over and above the forfeiture of fuch ropes and riggings and over and above any other penalty or forfeiture which any fuch perfon or perfons may, by any law now in force, have Incurred, for felling fuch old ropes or rigging without licenfe, (in cafe he, (he, or they (hall not have fuch licenfe) forfeit tp the faid' corporation fuch fum as the faid corporation (hall think fit, not exceeding twenty pounds fterling.

LXVI. And be it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, from time to time, and at all times as they (hall find it neceffary, to grant a licenfe to any perfon or perfons to ered and keep a crane, in fuch convenient place as the faid corporation (hall think fit, for the purpofe of weighing old ropes, and that all old ropes which (hall be weighed at the crane which (hall be fo licenfed, (hall be deemed to be weighed at a public crane within the meaning of any law, directing old ropes to be weighed at a public crane.

LXVII. And be it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, at the free will and pleafure of the faid corporation, and at any time or times whatever, to withdraw from any perfon or perfons any licenfe or licenfcs which may have been granted, or (hall or may be granted purfuant to the faid recited ad of the twen-ty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and this prefent ad, by the faid corporation, to fuch perfon or perfons for any pnrpofe whatever, and for ever thereafter if fo long as the fiud corporation (hall think proper to withhold and re-fufe fuch licenfe or licenfes to fuch perfon or perfons, any thing in the (aid laft mentioned ad, or in this prefent ad notwithstanding.

LXVII1. And be it enaded. That all and every fum and funis of money which (hall arife, or be levied from time to time, by force or virtue of this ad, (hall be applied by the faid corporation towards the neceflary expences of, and in improving and cleanfing the (aid port and harbour of Dublin, and the (aid harbour of Dunlcary, and to and for no other ufc or puipofe whatsoever.

LXIX. And be it further enaded, That the faid corporation is hereby authorized and required to hear, try, and determine in a fummary way, all and every the offences again ft, and breaches of any claufe or article in this prefent ad contained, and to fummon before them parties and wit-neffes for that purpofe, and to examine ail fuch witneffes

upon

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-fecond Year of George III.

445

oath, and to proceed upon every fuch trial, and to give* judgment and fentence thereon, and iffue their warrant or warrants for the infli&ing the punifhment dire&ed by fuch fentence, and for levying all fines and forfeitures under this a&, in fuch manner and according to fuch mode and form as preferibed and dire&ed by the faid recited a& of the twenty* fixth year of his prefent Majeily’s reign, with refpe& to trials to be had before, and proceedings to be had by the faid corporation for and on account of any breach or breaches of any claufe or article in the faid lafl mentioned a& contained, and for the levying of fines and forfeitures on account thereof.

LXX. And whereas it may be neceflary for the faid corporation to purchafc and take in fome part or parts of the grounds of the north and fouth ftrands, for the purpofe of making and ere&ing docks, embankments, and other works for the improvement of the faid port and harbour of Dublin, and the navigation thereof; be it therefore ena&ed. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, or any three or more of the members thereof, to be empowered for that purpofe by the faid corporation, under the common feal of the faid corporation, (the appointment of which faid three or more perfons need not be returned to the lord lieutenant or chief governor for the time being) to treat and agree with all and every perfon or perfons, body or bodies politic or corporate, who is, or are, or may be the inheritor or inheritors, owners or occupiers of any fuch ground, for the purchafe of his, her, or their eftate or eRates, intereft or interefts therein, or relative to and concerning any compenfation or fatisfa&ion which they or any of them may claim or demand for any damage or damages which they or any of them may fuffer or fuftain by the faid corporation ufing or taking in fuch ground, or any part thereof, in fuch manner as the faid corporation are empowered by the faid a& of the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefly’s reign, to treat and agree for making and ere&ing fuch wharf or wharfs as therein mentioned ; and in cafe fuch treaty or treaties fhall end in an agreement or agreements, it /hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation to take and accept of a conveyance or conveyances of fuch ground, or any part thereof, and to take and accept of a difeharge or difchargeS for fuch fatfsfa&ion or compenfation as aforefaid, which'conveyance or conveyances, difeharge or difeharges, fhall be binding and conclufive to and upon the perfon or perfons, body or bodies politic or corporate, exe* cuting and perfe&irfg the fame ; aod in cafe the perfons who fhall be empowered to treat and agree as aforefaid, cannot* or fhall not, by reafon of non-age, coverture, entail, infants

A. D.

•792-Chap. 3$.

Corporation may treat for^ ground* herein,

Digitized by

Google

44®	The	thirty fecond Tear ^George III.

nity, minority, or other legal impediment in the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers of fuch ground, or from any other caufe or reafon agree with fuch owners or occupiers as aforefaid, then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the members of the faiJ corporation, who (hall be empowered as aforefaid, from time to time, to iflTne a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, under their hands and feals, to the (heriffs of the city of Dublin, in cafe fuch grounds (hall be within their bailiwick, or to the fhcriff of the county of Dublin, in cafe the fame (hall be within his bailiwick, for the impannrlling and returning a jury or juries, in fuch manner as direfted by the faid lad mentioned aft, with rc-fpeft to the valuing ground for fuch wharf or wharfs as aforefaid, and in every refpeft to proceed for the valuing and pur-chafing fuch ground on the north and fouth ft rand as aforefaid, and ascertaining fuch compenfation as aforefaid, as the faid corporation are by the faid laft mentioned aft empowered to proceed for tin? valuing and purchafing ground for the erefting fuch wharf or wharfs as afore&id, and making fuch compenfation as in the faid laft mentioned aft is mentioned.

, cocon- LXXI. And be it enabled, That the aforefaid a$ of tioue in forc<,	^1C twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty,

•xcept as altered entitled, An a8 for promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendrr-herebX*	ing	its port and harbour more commodious ; and all and every

the powers, elaufes, and provifoes therein contained, except fuch parts thereof as are altered or repealed by this prefent aft, fhall be, and temain in full force andeffeft.

Iterftns fuad LXXII. And be it cnafted. That in cafe any aftion or may plead the * whatfoever (hall be brought or commenced againft any general iffo.	perfon or perfons for any matter or thing by him or them

'	done, or executed by virtue of, or in purfuancc of this aft,

fuch aftion or fuit (hall be commenced within fix months next after the alledged caufe of fuch aftion or fuit fhall accrue, and not afterwards, and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion may plead the general iflue, and give this aft, and th£ fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of and by authority of this aft ; and if the fame fhall appear to have been fo done, or if fuch aftion or fuit (hall not be brought within the time herein before limited, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants 5 and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch aftion or fuit (hall be non-fuited, or fuffer a dif-continuance thereof, or if a verdift (hall pafs againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall have double cofty.

Recited aft

n.



XXXIII. An4

Tie thirty-frcond fear of George I If.

LXXllI. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid corpora* tiom to piy and reimburfethcmfelvcs by and out of the full •f the rates, duties, and revenues which they fhall receive by virtue of this ad, all fuch colls and expenccs as they (Hail be put to in the obtaining of this ad.

LXXIV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That this ad (hall be a publick ad, and /hall be deemed and taken notice of as fucH by all judges, jaf-lices, and others, in ail courts and places, without plead* tug the fame.

447

Exponent at' this aCr to !><• re* irn burled out of duties.

^ H A P. XXXVI.

^An AH to anrn'l an Ad made tn the Thirtieth Year of Hit prefent Majejh, Entitled, dn AS for improving and repairing the Turnpike-Road leading from Kinnegai tn Athlone„

WrtERE AS by an ad pafled in the thirtieth year of his prefent Majclly, entitled. An Ad for repairing «and improving the turnt>ike-road leading from Kinnegad to AiJdone^ it is^eoa&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful that any three of the director* mentioned in fa id a d, {hould have power to eftablifh, or ered, or caufe to be dlablilhed or ereded one or more pay-gate or pay-gates upon and acrofs a«y part or parts of the faid road, and (hould have power to demand and receive at faid gate or gates the tolls mentioned ia faid aft; and whereat by the faid in part recited ad, it is further ena&ed, That it ilieuld be lawful for the faid diredors, or any three or more of them to ered a pay-gate or pay.-gates on the fide of the faid road, acrofs any lane or way leading out of the faid road, and there to demand and receive fuch tolls as by the faid ad are appointed to be taken at any gate upon the faid road, and that every fug* gate /hould be deemed a pay-gate : and whereas the dirCc^ tors mentioned in faid ad, have caufed to be ereded cert<01V turnpike-gates both upon and acrofs the faid road, and acrofs certain roads leading to faid great road within the town of Athlone in the county of Weftmeath : now be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and tent-poral, and commons in Parliament affembled, and by em,4wcred to* $he authority of the • fame, That nothing contained crc& turnpikes in faid in part recited ad /hall empower the ditedors to withm the tovra ered any turnpike or turnpikes within the faid town of or liberties of

Athlone, AtWoue’ ac-

Digitized by boogie

44.8	The thirty fetond Tear of Gebrge til.

A. D. Athlonc, or the liberties thereof, and that fuch turnpike or

1792.	turnpikes as have hitherto been created by the faid diredors, be removed to Tome convenient diftance beyond the Hmits df the corporation of faid town of Athione.

CHAP. XXXVII.

An AS for enabling the Truffes far making, widening, and repairing the road from Dublin to Malahidcf a d the other Roads leading to Dublin over Ballybough-Bridge, purfuant to federal Ads of Parliament, more effectually to carry the faid Ads into Execution.

WHEREAS in an ad palled in the thirty-firll year of Tm Majcfty's reign, entitled, An ad for amending the feveral laws for making, widening, and repairing the road from DubRn to Maluh'tde, and the other roads leading to Dublin over Ballybough-bridge, in the faid ads mentioned ; and for enabling the truflees for the faid purpofes, to borrow further fxtms of money for fuch purpofes, and for continuing the faid ads for a further term, and for improving the neighbourhood of Bally-bough-bridge, it is recited, That it would be of advantage to the public, if that part of that fpace of ground overflowed by the fea at high water, lying eaft^ard of Ballybough-bridge, between the wall endofing the ground formerly taken in from the fea, called the north-lots, and the weir-wall on the north llrand, were encloled and taken in ; and the truftees in the feveral ads therein recited and mentioned, by means thereof, enabled to make a new and more commodious communication between the city of Dublin, and the country, on the other fide of the faid bridge; and by the faid ad it is enadted, That unlefs a claim Ihould be made within fix months from the palling of the faid ad, by fome perfon or perfons, body or bodies politic or corporate* of fome title, eftate or property in or to the faid ground, in manner in the faid ad mentioned, fo much of the faid ground as the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, ihould judge neceflary and convenient to be enclofed and walled in, or fo much thereof as fhould not be fo claimed, and a title thereto not eftablifhed in manner in the faid ad mentioned* Ihould be, and was thereby vefted in the faid trufteta, and their fucceffors and affigns for ever, for the purpofes aforefard: and whereas it is intended that the faid new communication (hall be made nearly in a dtred line from the ftrand road leading from his Majefty's cuftom-houfe, to the faid ground overflowed by the lea* and acrofe the fame 2	to

_igit /



The thirty fecond Tear of George III.

to the road adjoining the faid weir wall on the north-ftrand, nearly at the end of the place called Fairvicw, on the faid ftrand : and whereas no claim having been made of any title, eflate, or property in or to any part of the faid ground, between the aforefaid intended communication, and Ballybough-bridge, purfuant to the faid aft, the laid truftees now (land feized of the faid ground, for the pilrpofes in the faid aft mentioned : and whereas in order to make the faid new and more: commodious communication between the city of JDub*> lin, and the couhtry, on the other fide of the faid bridge# called BaHybough-bridge, purfuant to the faid recited aft, it will be neceffary to build, er<;ft, and make a new bridge and caufewa)/, eaftward of Ballybough-bridge aforefaid : an$l •whereas the ground veiled in the truftees by the faid recited aft, will not produce a fund fufficicnt for building, making, and erefting the faid bridge and caufeway ; and in order to enable the laid trufte.cs to effeft the fame, and which they are hereby empowered to do, it will be expedient to autho* rize them to raife and borrow an intereft upon fecurity of thp tolls and duties granted to them as aforefaid, a further fuqi of money, and to enable them effeftually to fecurc the fame upon the fecurity aforefaid ; wherefore be it enafted by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament alfemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid truftees, and fuch perfon and per-	.

fons as have been, and fhall be fucccflively nominated, pur-fuant to the powers in any of the afts in tht faid recited aft [obe raifed, and mentioned, tiuftees in the (lead of any truftee, or truftees intereft thereon, dying or refigning, or any five and more of them may, and ** herein, they are hereby empowered by writing under their hands and feals, from time to time, to aflign over the faid tolls and duties as a fecurity for fuch fun? and fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of two thoufand pounds, with intertft for the fame, not exceeding the rate of fiy pounds by. the hundred by the year, to be paid half-yearly,

-gs they may think neceffary, to raife and borrow for the purpole of building, erefting, and making the faid bridge and caufeway, and for effefting the faid new communication

II.	And be it enafted, That in every debenture or writ-

ing to be figned by the laid truftees, for fecuring every fum Time of r*« to be borrowed in purfuance of this aft, the time when the	d*

principal money thereby fecured fhall be agreed to be repaid, beutures.'0 fhall be fpecified in fuch debenture or writing.

III. And be it enafted, That the federal rates, duties	Tolls to Hand and tolls, by any of the faid afts granted, (hall Hand a fe- fecurity, curity in the firft placed for the payment of tfte ii?tcrcft of ** *******

Vol. IX.	M	i	the

A. D.

(792. Chap.

Truftees may

Digitized by t^-ooQle

Receiver, fcr Hukc order if herein.

The thirtj-ficond Tear of George III.

the fereral principal fums heretofore borrowed in purfund* of the ThUI recited a&, and of filch principal fums as the fame Audi refpe&ively become payable; and ia the neat Jftace as a feciinty for the payment of the iotereft of fuch fum or fums as fhall be borrowed in purfuance of this a& } knd of fuch principal fums as the fame (hall refpc&ively ’become payable j and that the treafurer for the time beings of the faid duties and tolls, (hall not pay any fum of money on any order of the faid trufkes, whereby he (hall be unable but of the duties and tolls paid into his hands, to difeharge the faid intereft and principal fums, at the time* they are or fhall be refpedtively payable; iPhen tntereft V. And be it enabled, That if the intereft which fhall be due on deben- payable on any debenture or debentures* to fct ifTucd in pttr-turcs fhtll re- fuanct 0f this ad, or any part thereof, fhall be unpaid by patc£ chancellor *he trerifurer, to the faid truftees, for the fpace of twenty* may appoint a One days after any of the days appointed for the payment thereof, the lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or commit Tionerb of the great feal may, arid is, and are hereby required* upon a petition of one or more of the holders of the faid debentures, flating the intereft due upon fuch debenture or de-'	bentures,	arid	when	the fame became due, and on an affidavit

verifying the truth of fuch petition, appoint a receiver to receive froth the gate keepers on the faid roads, and colle&ort of the faid rates, tolls and duties, fo much of the (aid rate% tolls and duties, as may be neceATary to pay fuch intereft* knd the receiver's fees, and all rcafonable cofts attending fuch application, or may make fuch order for fequeftering the % faid duties and tolls, or fuch mon^ras may be in the hands of the faid treafurer for the payment thereof, as to juftic* fhall appertain; and futh receiver fhall have all fuch and the like aid of the faid court, to enable him to enforce payment of a fufficienty of fuch toflls, rates and duties for the purpofe aforefaid, as is ufually given to receivers by the laid court appointed for the receiving the roots of mortgaged eftates.

• V. And wher£w gre^t inconveniencies have arifen on thd faid roads, by drlvei 3 of carriages going or driviug different ways, keeping the fame fide of the faid roads *, be it enadb ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, or irfuflees may any feven or more of them, to make fuch rule and order make rules for , for compelling drivers of all coaches, chaifes, carts, cart* and other carriages going from Dublin, to drive or keep fuch carriages on one fide of the roads, and coming towards Dublin to drive or keep fuch carriages on the other fide of tbe roads, as they (hall think .proper; and that any perfon who fliall offend a gain ft fuch rule, (hall forfeit five (hillings, and be committed by the faid truftees, or any

three

dfltv&s as heron.

Digitized by

Google

The thirty fecond Tear of George I IT,	4J1

three or more of them, to gaol, for any given fpace of Ai D. tim: not exceeding three days, in cafe of nonpayment 1792.

t hereo f.

VI.	And be it farther enafted, Tljiat this aft (hall be A public aft* deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public aft, and be judicially taken notice of a* fuch, by all judges, juftices* and other perfons, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CHAP. XXXiX.

jin Act to explain and amend the fevered Laws for repairing . and amending Turnpike Road leading Jrom Kilkenny to Cloghetn.

WHEREAS the prefent laws are infufficient for keep* ing the faid road in repair ; be it enafted by the King's molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That an aft paffed in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled*

An adi for repairing the road lea ting from the city of Kilkenny to the town of Clonmell, in the county of Tipperary ; and alfo an aft palled in the ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled, An a3 for explaining, amending, and making more effectual an a3, entitled*

An 03 for repairing the road leading from the city of Kilkenny to the town of Clonmell, in the county of Tipperary y be, add tlie fame are hereby repealed, and made null and void, Except fuch parts thereof as repeal any aft or afta therein recited.

II.	And be it further enafted, That the earl of Ormond, carl of Mountcafhcl, lord Clifden, lord Donerail, lord' Kinglborough, lord Lifmore, lord Donaghmore, lord Thurles, lord De Montalt, lord Dyfart, lord Callan, the (ecretary of ftate, fir William Barker, fir Thomas Olborne* the reverend Jofcph Moore, reverend James Denny, Samuel Rigg, Peter Bamficld, John Macolmfon, David Macolxn-fon, Thomas Taylor, William Ryal, Stephen Moore of Saliftmry, honourable Abraham Hely Hutchinfon, honourable Chriftopher Hely Hutchinfon, honourable Lorenzo Hely Hutchiofou, reverend William Adair, honourable John Hutchinfon, honourable Francis Hutchinfon, Stephen v Moore of Barn, efquirc, Daniel Toler, John Bagwell of Marlfitld, Samuel Pery, Richard Moore, of Chancellors-town, Solomon Watfon, Michael Hamerton, Edward I* f 3	Taylor*

Digitized by L^OOQle

Tn cafe a com-

miffioncr fliould die, &c. another to be cle&ed herein.

Commiffioncra to cled by ballot 5 directors.

Tn cafe a di-re&or fhould die, Ac. another to l*e defied a> herein.

The tbsrtjfeconJ Ttm of George III.

Taylor, William Penefather, of Darling-hill, Thoma* Power, and Kingfton Powrr, of Kilworth, mayor, aldermen, and fheriffs of Kilkenny, for the time beings mayor and bailiff of Qonmell, for the time being; William Bagoell, Phintas Rial, Nathaniel Mitchel, Michael Jones, George Haller, Richard Collins, Thomas Garden, Wray .Hutchinfon, Richard Shairrow, Robert Dudley, Thomas Moreton, reverend William Stephenfon, revereod dean Pack, reverend John Ellinfon, Michael Elliott, Francis Reynolds, John Waring, Jimes Cooke, Edmond Butler, James Parfons Duckett, reverend Charles Tuckey, Thomas Clutterbuck, William Fennell, Jolhua Thomas Quin, William Quin, Thomas Vowel, reverend Paul Hclfham, reverend Arthur Palmer, Nicholas Knarefboro, John Shea, Patrick Walfh, honourable William Cuffe, John Baker, Robert Sherman junior, be, and they arc hereby appointed commifHoners of the faid road.

Ill	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any of the faid: commifironers herein appointed by name (hall happen to die or refi-gn, it fhall be lawful for the remaining cora-mifiioners, or any feven or more ef them, on the firft Tuefday in any mouth, to Heft a perfon to be a com-nriffioner in his itead, and fo as oftfca as a vacancy (hall happen, by the death or refignation of any perfon fo* chofen.

IV.	And be it, further enabled, That the faid commif-fi oners fhall aflemble at twelve o'clock at noon, on the firffc Monday after4 the pafling of this ad, at the city of-Kilkenny, or in cafe of failure thereof, on the Monday* next fnccecding, and fliall at fuch meeting eled by bak lot, from among the faid commiffioners, five perfons to be diredors for the luperintending and managing^the faid road, and for tranfatting all bufiuefs relative to the Janie.

V.	And be it further emt&ed, That in cafe of the death or refignation of any director, or in cafe anydire&or chofen purfuant to this att, fliall negledt or refufe to execute his trull, by refufal in writing under his hand and fea), or by not atteviding at fome one meeting of the directors, during the firft two months after the paffng of this a£t, it fhall be lawful for the fakl commiflioncrsj or any feven of them, to choofe by ballot, from among the faid commiffioners, one jjerfon to be a dire&or in his place, and fo as often as the cafe fhall happen, fourteen days previous notice being given of the meeting in fome public paper, and being alfo pofted on each pay-gatc, fpecifying that fuch meeting is to be held for the elc&ion of a director.

VI. And

Digitized by

Google

The thirtyfecond Ttar of George JIL	4j£

VI.	And be it enadrd, That feven commiffioners fhjdl	IX

J>€ neceflary to conftiture a meeting of the faid comroifliCih- 1792. era, and that the ad of the majority of feven, legally con- Chap. 3^. vened, (hall be the ad of, and binding upon the faid com-	f

miffioners.	7	coAimiHon-

VII.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be	*

lawful to and for the faid commiffioners to adjourn any meet- Cdmmiffion-ing, from time to time, and from place to place contiguous er* may adjourn, to, or convenient to the faid road.

VIII.	And be it further cnaded, That it (hall be lawful Any 7 (/ jfaid to and fot any feven of th$ faid commiflioners, by notice in commimoner* writing under their hands, at any time, t6 call a meeting of

the faid commiffioners, to be held either in the city of Kilkenny, town of Clonmdl, or in fome other convenient place contiguous to the faid road, fuch notice fpecifying the cauffe of aflembling the commiffioners, and being pofyed upon the feveral gates on the faid road, feven days previous to the time appointed for fuch meeting.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That every diredor who

(hall beeleded purfuant' to this ad, lhall, before he (hall ad Direfior’s ns fuch, take and fubferibe an oath in the words following, ozt*lm before one of the commiffioners afore-mentioned, who is hereby empowered to admioifter the fame.

1 A. B. do fwear, that I 'will well and truly difeharge the duty of a dirt dor of the road, from the city of Kilkenny to the (own of Clonmell, and thence to the bounds of the county of Cork* according to the bejl of myfltiU, without favour or malice ; and that I will account faithfully with the comm ft >ncrs of the faid road for all money received by me as a director, and that I will, as far as in me lies, endeavour to appoint competent and proper fupervifors of the faid .road, to apt under the dirt a or s of the faid road.

X.	And be it further enaded, That the (kid diredors* Directors t* or any three of them, (hall, as foon as they conveniently yhoofe fujpervi-can, after they (hall be eleded and fwom as aforefaid, meetlor* at fome place convenient to- the faid road, and (hall have power, from time to time, to choofe any proper perfons, not exceeding two in number, to be fupervifors of the faid road, and, to appoint falaries for fuch fuperviforB, not exceeding in the whole to any one fupervifor the fum of twenty pounds in the year* and that the number of attendances of every fupervifor chofen purfuant fo this aft* (hall be afeer-tained by the oath, of fuch fupervifor, to b* taken before any one of the faid duedors, which oath the &id diredors, or any one of them, are, and is hereby empowered and di-xeded to. adpuniftcr* and that any three or morcrof the (kid

diredors.

*

♦54	The thirty fecond Tear of George III.

A. I). direftors aflembled together fha!} have power, from time Ur I79a*	.	time, to remove any Tupervifor, at the free will and pleafure

Chap. 39, of fuch direftors, and to appoint other_ fupervifor or fiiper-w vifors in the Head of fuch fupervifor fo removed ; and in cafe of death or refignation, to appoint other fupervifor or fuper-vifors in the Head of fuch fupervifor or fupervifors fo dying or refigning- •	'	'

, XI. And be it further euafted, That every fuperrifor «tth^CrVi^°rS w^° he chofen and apppinted by the direftors pur-fuant to this aft, ihall, before he fhaD aft as fuch,* take and fubferibe an oath in th$ words following, to wit$	';

/ A B. dofinlemnlyfrvear, that ][will honefily and diligently execute the < ffice of a fuper vifor of the road,, from the city bf Kilkenny to the yown of Clonmcll, and thence to the hounds of the county of Cork \ and that / wilf, according to the heji <f my frill and knowledge, execute 'all lawful or dais given to me by the direct ot s of the feud road \ and that I will, when called upon by the Jaid efirtflors, or any three of them, account for all money which Jhall be confided to me by the fiaid directors, or by me received by virtue of this aft* f.	'

'/**•*	***	God.

Which oath any three of the faid direftors affembled together are hereby empowered and required to admin liter to fuch fupervifoh	r	*;	J	'	:

XII.	And be it further enaftedi That the fupervifors 'fhall as often as required -by the (aid direftors, or any o£ them, attend bn the faid road, and fhalj fee jointly or fepai-rately, as fhall be direfted,' that all orders and works direft-ed and ordered by the fa\d direftors, *be properly executed and performed, and {hall make returns and reports when required, from time to tin e, to the faid direftors of the Hate, nature; and circumftances of the faid road*, and ihall remove all nuifances, ohftruftionir,' and encroachments on the laid road, and fhall fuperintend all workmen and labourers working aud labouring on the faid road, and pay them their wages, but fubjeft to the orders of the fold direftors, and fcach fupervifor fhall keep a book containing a journal of his own proceedings, and fhall ‘attend all meetings of the faid direftoitf and rommiflioners if-fo required, and if any fupervifor fhall refufe or neglcft to perforrp his office of fupervifor as required by this aft, and ihall be thereof convitaed by the oath of any two 01 more credible witnefTes before any juftice of the peace, ever^' fuch*fupervifor fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch offence, to be levied by dUtreis and file of fuch fupervifors goods* by warrant undef *■ • - -• • - • • • ■

Butie* of

fupcrvifor•.,

Dirc^ofsin^

Whe thirty-fee end Tear of George III.

the band and fc^l pf fuch juftice, rendering the overplus rf gny, to fuch fnpervifor.

XIII.	And be it farther enaded, That any three of the faid dire&ors (hall have full pow?r to divide the faid road into tvyo divifions, in fuph mannei as they (hail think proper, and to eftablifh or eredf or caufe to be eroded, c?ne or more divide road; pay-gate or pay-gates upon and acrol's any part or parts of the faid road, and (hall liaye power to build, hire, or rent f toll-houfe ppnyenicnt to eyery fuch gate, and to demand and take in each of the faid two divifions, by liu^h perfon or perfons as they or any three or more of them (hall authorize thereto, the following tolls at every fnrh gate, before any tolls to be trd^ horie, mare, or gelding, afti, prude, cattle, coach, chariot^ as herein, landau, phaeton, cabrk let, curricle, chaifc, waggon, cart, car* or other carriage, (hall be permitted to go thiough the fame, that is to fay, for every coach^ l andau, chariot, chaifc, phaeton, cabriolet, curricle, or chair, if drawn by tix horfes, or other beaits, or by more than fix, the fum of two (hillings and eight pence halfpenny; if drawn by four or five horfes, or other beads, the fuin of one (lulling and feven pence halfpenny ; if drawn by two or three horfes, or other beaft$, the fum of one (hilling and one penny, and if drawn by one horfe or other bead only, the funi of’ fix pence halfpenny ; for every waggon, wain, dray* Ci^rt, car, timber, pr other carriage, not herein before charged, the fum of one penny for every horfe or bead drawing the. fapte ; for every horfe, mare, gejding, afs, or mule, laden or unladen, the fum pf one pepny ; for every drove of oxeg, cqws, or neat pattle, the fum of twenty pence by the (core, and fo ip proportion for any greater pr lefs numberfoy every drov? of calves, (heep, lambs, or pigs, the fum, of ten pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs number.

XIV.	And be it further cna&ed, That it fhalhbe lawful	ejtQ

for the faid dire&ors, or any three or more of them, to ere& fee erc&ed. °' a pay-gate or pay-gates on the fide of the faid road, aprofV

any lane or way leading out of the faid road, and to" build, hire, or rent a toll-boufe for every fuch gate, and there to* demand andVecerve fuch tolls as are appointed by this act to% be taken at any gat? upon thefaid road', and that every fuch^ gate (hall be deemed a pay-gate.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That no perfon (hall be.

liable to pay any of the faid tolls more than once in thec pjld^u/o ''

fame day, with the fam? cattle and carriage in the fame di- day.	4

yifion, but that every perfon after having paid fuch toll?

once, may during the remainder of the fame day, every

fuch day to be computed from twelve o'clock at night to

^rc\ve o’clock the fucceedingnight, pafsand repafs toll free.

throu^

45 6

A. D,

179*-

Cha;> 39.

Toll* levied

l y difhcfs.

Penalty on

forcing a f affaire or nflauk-

u g a colk&or,

&c.	-i

Tie tlirty-ftcond Tear of George JJL-

through every pay-gate in the fatoe divifion, with the fame cattle and carriage for which fuch toll {hall have been paid, on producing a ticket denoting the payment of fuch toU, and containing fuch other matters as are herein required re-fpefting the fame, which ticket every colU&er is required to give gratis on receiving the toll, upon pain of forfeit* ing five (hillings for every omifuon or refufa), upon conviction before any juflice of the peace of the county in which, fuch offence (hall be committed, or before 'any of the faid commiflioners, ev$ry of whom are hereby authorized to examine into the fame, and adminiftcr oaths for that pur-pofe.	‘	’	1	:	5 ' - ■'* *

XVI.	And be it further enabled, That if aqy perfon (hall itfufe to pay the toll payable by him or her in virtue of this a$, it (hall he lawful for the colle&or thereof, or perfon acting as fuch, to levy the fame by diffrefs of the hoi fe or horfes, or other heart or bekft£# c^arriragc or carriages, upon which the toll is by diiYaCb jrnpofed, or upon the goods’ or chattels of the perfon or ^tjfons who ought* to pay the fame, and fuch borfe or liorfes, or other heart or beads, carriage or carriage?, or goods and chattels, may be* detained., until fuch toll iiiall be paid, with the reafonablc charges of fuch dirtrefr, and if the fame fhall not be paidj within four days, it fhall be lawful for the collet or or perfon. acting as fuch, to fell the fame, rendering the overplus, if. any, to the owner, dn demand, after payment of the laid toll, and the full expences of the faid. dirtrefs, detinue, and fcle. ’’ '	-

XVIL And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or perfons fhall forcibly or wilfully gb or pafs with any horic, bead, or carriage through any pay gate on the faid road, without paying the toll by this adl required, or producing a’ proper ticket as aforefr.id, at fuch pay gate, or fhall knowingly or designedly aljault, interrupt, or olrtruft any of the coht&crs or perfonsy employed in collecting or receiving any of the faid tolh, or otherwife, in" the execution of his of their employments of rectiver or collefior, or fhall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or {hall deliver to, or receive from any* other perfon or perfons any note or ticket with an intent to avoid the payment of any of the laid tolls, or any part' thereof, every perfon fo offending, being convi&ed thereof upon the oath of any one credible witnels before any juflice ot the peace, ill all for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, and it fhall be lawful for every col-Icdior or perfon acting as fuch, and all other perfoits by him .tequired to affift in that refpe£t, to ftize any horfe or hurfes, or other beafl or hearts, carriage or carriages, w ith all goods thereon, and the driver or drivers, attendant or attendants-

' * thereof,*

Zft tblrtj-fuomd Year of pcorgc [II,.

457

J^epof, and to bring them before any juftice yf the peace, a Y«o is Hereby'required to enquire into fuch offence and if ^	”

upon convidion before fuch juft ice, upon the oath of any credible witnefs, the party or parties complained of, (hall not pay fuch penalty, together with the tolls that (hall be due, it (hall be lawful for fuch juft ice, and he is fcreby required by warrant under his hand and feal, to au(e the horfe or horfes, or other bead or beafts, carriag or carriages, or goods fo diftrained, to be fold far paymot of the . faid tolls and penalties, apd the charges of feizing ad keeping the fame, and of fuch fale, rendering the otrplus, if any, upon demand to the owper or owners of thefame, or yb the perfon or perrons under whofe care, or in voofe pof-feffion refpedively the fame was or wefe when To feized as aforefaid, or if no fufficient diftrefs (hall have ben feized, to commit fuch owner or owners, or other, perfn or persons to the common gaol, there to remain withot bail or pn inpri^e, until fuch fine and penalties, tolls andharges be paid.

1 XVIII. And be it further enaded, That if my perfon Pmaltyoo or perfons whatforver owning, renting, or occupying any owners of land* lend ne^r unto any pay-gate eftablilhed or cieddb or to be permitting per. £reded in purfuance of this aft, (hall for pin' reward, or other wife, knowingly, $r willingly permt aiy perfon or f^fo avoid perfons whatfoevqr to pafs through any ate, paffage, or paying tpU, 10$. way, with any horfe, beaft, cattle, or erriage, liable to ^oli on patting through any pay-gate' on :hc laid road, to avoid the payment of the* toll hereby appinted to’be paid, and be thereof cony^ded upon the <$th‘of any one credible witnefs, before any juftice of the eace, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit the uup of ten fhillins for every fuch offence, to be levied by diftrefs and (ale >f fuch offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and Teal of fuch juf-tree, rendering the overplus, if any, t the owner, the Charges"in taking and difpofing of, the fail goods being firft dedufted/

*792-

Chap. 39.

? XIX. And be it further enaded, Tha it (hall be lawful Commiffi-for the fai«f commiflioners, or any feven'jr more of them, oners may ap-to appoint a treafurcr, at a yearly fairy not^ exceeding point atrcafuier twenty pounds, and as they (hall fee ocafion to remove ** heran.

Jim, and appoin^ another perfon in his lead, and to take from every perfon whom they (ball appoir, fuch fecuritya^ they (ball think proper for bis duly accoutjng for and paying all money which he (hall receive as reaturer, and for depofiting the fame, from time to time, n fuch manner as they, or any feven or more of then (hall, from time {•Arne dired, in the bank qf Ireland, or in any other bank. •	■’	*	-

XX.* And

> ■ i m

Digitized by

Google

A. Di XX. And be it further enaded, That the treafnrer (half 1792.	attend he meetings of the faid diredors as often as he (hall

Chap. 39.	be thertinto reayired by any one or more of them, and (hall

V—keep ficji books of account} and in fuch manner as any Treafurcr to three of the laid diredors (hall, from time to time order, atund meetings, ^nd thatl*t fhaQ be lawful for any three of the faid directors to difmii any treafurcr from his pffice, who (hall negled to give fuel attendance, or to kr*£ fud* jjooks, or to give any infortnaton which majr be required of him refpedinghis re*

. ceipts ad payments as treafurcr, t>r to depofne the whole, Or any prt of the balance in his hands in the bank, as often as le (hall be orderetj fo to dp by any three ef the faid directors

Directors may XXI. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful appointcollec* for the lid directors refpcdively, or any three or more of tnem, taappoint as many collectors as (hall be neceflary for receiving he tolls at the pay-gates, at fuch fajary or wages as (hall btapproved of by them, not exceeding the rate of twenty ponds per annum for each ; and every fiicli colledon (hall pay Le monies by him colleded or received fo the trea-furer apponted by the faid cornmiilioners, once at leaft in, every monti, and as much oftener as he (hall be ffeereuntet required by iny *f the faid diredors or commiffipaqr^ pr by the fupervifor, aid (hall alfo upon oath, if thereunto. ^ quired by the fid treafurer, or by any of the faid directors or commiflioiers, which oath any one of the faid dir^ tors or commifli^ers is hereby empowered to adminifter^ give in, from tint to time, a true, exad, and perfed account in writing >f all monies by him colleded or received by virtue of this id, or by reafon of his faid employment 5 and if any fuch iolledor (hall refufe or omit fo to do, and (hall be thertof couvided, upon the oath of any one credible witnefs, before any juftice of the peace, it (half be lawful for fuel juftice to commit fuch colleftqr to gaol, there to remain yithout bail or mainprize, Unfit he (half ^	give in fuch account upon oach, and pay all fuch monies as

he (hall have receitd for the faid diredors by virtue of thi^ ad.

Tolls may be XXII ProyidJ always, and be it further enaded, That leaied or farm- the faid diredors. pr any three of them, may, if they think «d#	fit, and they are hereby empowered, on fourteen days notice

being given in aiy two Kilkenny or Clonmtll papers for . *	that purpofe, ,to leafe or farm by the year, for any time

not exceeding three years, nor lefs than one year, the tolls by this ad |>ayabl^, to any perfon orperfons at or for the largtft yearly fum that can be got for the fame; provided always, that* they be fet by public cant, and tha^ the agreement be jlut into writing, ana figned by the party “	takintt

Digitized by

Google

The tl'irtyfecond Year of George III.

45*

-A. D.

I79?* Chap. 39.

* Powers to collectors appoint*

taking the fame, and that the money be made payable monthly, and that proper fecurity be given for the regular paymeut thereof, and that one month he paid in advance, and that every fuch agreement be approved of, and figned hy three at leal! of the faid directors prdcrrt at fych cant.

XX11I.	And be it further enaded, That every perfot*

appointed to receive the toll at any pay-gate on the faid road, Icftorg z |nt hy any perfon or perfons taking the fame by leafe, (hall have C(j perfons all and lingular the like powers and authorities, and be fubjed taking toll by to, and under all* ?nd lingular the like regulations, penalties, lcai^ and reftridioiis, as any colledbr appointed by the faid di-redors can, or (hall have, or be fubjed to by virtue of this ad, except as to paying the tolls colleded to the treafurer, and accounting for the fame to him, 6r to the diredors or commiffionere. * '	'	'

4 XXIV. And be it further enaded, That if anycolledor Collector of-or toll-gatherer, whether appointed by the faid directors, fending as hcre-or by any perfon taking any of the tolls by leafe or con- to lariat jl. 'trad, or any perfon ading as fuch, flball permit any carriage, horfe, or bead whatfoever, to pafs through any pay-gate without payment of the toll, payable for the fame cy virtue of this ad, of a proper certificate, as before di-Teded, being produced therewith, and (hall omit to feize fuch car,'carriage, ’ or bead, or (hall delay to proceed to liave the penalties levied as the law direds for fuch offence, or (hall omit to detain any car, cart, or other carriage, and prevent the* pa fling tjirougli the gate, after notice (hall be given to him that the driver thereof has obflruded the execution of this adt in any refped, every perfon fo offending fhall, upon conviction thereof before any one juflice of the peace, forfeit the fum of five pounds, and on non-payment thereof,* (hall be committed, by warrant under thq hand bnd feal of fuch juilice, to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding fix months, or until the faid fine be paid. -	....

•. XXV. And be it further enaded, That whenever, and vvnen aircc-as often as the (aid diredors (hall think it expedient to tor8 Uiink it exform a new line of road between any two points of the pre- p#dient to mike fent turnpike road from the city of Kilkenny to the town new lines of of Cionmell;' and thence to the bounds of the county of Cork, for the purpofe of (hoYtentog the didance, or avoid- herein.

5ng hills, or foe the greater convenience, of travellers, it (hall be lawful for them to depofife, or caufe to be depolited with . the treafurer of the county through which fuch new road Jhall be propofed to be made, a map thereof, with a decla-htfion thereon, figned by three of the faid ‘diredors at the • 7*; : ,	•	•	lead.

When dircc-

;'-=P. »c-J* •’efcrpt as in.

ir imnf r, 5rf. *£gmv*d, may iiaveifc for 4a-nwgrs at ai> iiZct.

Jury to give retditt whether any, and what damages, &c.

thlrty-fecmd Yepr of George IJI.

leaft, fcttlng forth their determination to lay out fuch oeyr road of the breadth of fixty feet in the clear, and diflin-giuffiing the fevcral town-lands and baronies through which, the fame is to be made, and expreffing the number of perches in length that fuch new road is intended to be car* ried through each town-land, and they {hall alfo depofrte, or caufc to be deported with fuch treafurer an affidavit or affidavits, fetting forth, that a copy of fuch declaration has been ported up on the door of the county court-houfc, and that a like copy has been perfonally ferved on, or left at the houfe of every occupier of the ground through which fuch new road is intended to be made, or in cafe the refidence of any occupier of any part of fuch ground (hall not be known to the faid directors, then that a like notice has been fixed up in a confpicuous manner on fuch vpart of filch ground, and on the toll-gate of the road neared thereto.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled, That every treafurer to whom fuch map, dechntiop, and affidavit or affidavits, (hail be delivered, (ball kerp the fame open for the infpectiorv of all perfons whom the fame nwy concern, and (hall lay the fame before the court at the next affizes held for fuch county, as the land (hall be in through which fuck roftd (lull be intended to be made, together with his. certificate, tertifymg uppn oath the day he received the fame.

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed. That if it (hall apr pe?r by fuch certificate, that fuch map, declaration, and affidavit or affidavits, (hall have been depofited with fuch. treafurer twenty-one days before the firft day of fuch affizes, she faid declaration (hall be read in open court, and if any owner or occupier of the ground through which fuch new road is to be made, (hall think himfclf qr herfclf aggrieved thereby, in refpedt to fuch ground, fuch owner or occupier may traverfe the fame fqr damages, by entering a traverfe thereto, v. ith the clerk of the crown for damages at the lame affizes, which traverfe (hall he tried at the fame affixes,, unlefs good and fufficicmt caufe (hall be (hewn upop oath for not trying it, then in which cafe it (hall be tried at the affizes next im-medial ly enfuing, and every fuch traverfe (ball be entered-and tried in like manner, and like fccurity be given for pro-fecutingthe fame, as is ufual in the cafe of. a traverfe of a preferment of a grand jury fqr laying out apd making a new road.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafled, That the jury who. fh^ll try any fuch traverfe, (hall true verdi& give, whether any, and what damages will accrue to the perfon taking fuch. traverfe, by fuch cow road being made, which vcrdi& Hall;

Digitized

tjzed by CjjQJCK

\

Same power*.

The thirty fecand Tear of George HI.

becoadufive to fach traverfer, and upon the fum fo found for damages being paid to fach traverfer, or depolited with the county treafurer for his or her ufe, and upon all fuch damages as (hall be found upon each traverfe, which may be tried, being fo paid or depoiited, or upon verdicts found againtt the traverfers, or upon each traverfe wliich may have been entered being withdrawn, or not tried purfuant to this a£t, or upon no traverfe being* entered, it (hall be lawful for the faid directors, or any three of them, or fuch perfons as they (hall appoint, to proceed to lay out and make fuch new road, without the interruption of anyperfon whatever.

XXIX.	And be it. further ena6ted, That the faid directors* fnpervifors, coHe&ors, and all other perfons fhall have See. for new all and lingular the fame powers and authorities, and the™1** «for pre-like regulations, penalties, and forfeitures ihall affeCt and lcnt ro4®" ektend to every part of any new road laid out by the

faid dire&ors, as are provided or enabled with rcfpc& to any part of the prefent road, and that every fuch map, declaration, and affidavit, Ihall be preferred among the records of the county with the treafurer of the faid county.

XXX.	And be it further ena&ed, * That in all cafes Where ro*d

where the {aid dire&ors fhall alter the prefent road, by tak-	m*P °*

ing' off aify uhneceffiiry angles, or makiag a new line of

road, they fhall caufe a map of fuch parts of the prefent died witn trea-roid as fhall in conference thereof be difeontinned by furer, See. them as part of the turnpike road for the ufe of travellers,1 to be depofited with the treafurer of the county in which fuch parts fhall be fituate: and if the grand jury of fuch county fhall not within eight months from the time fuch map fhall be fo depofited, prefeht fuch parts to be kept oped as a public road, every fuch part of the laid old road as fhall not be fo prefented fhall be, and is hereby declared to be vetted in the faid directors for the benefit of the faid road, and fhall and may be fet or fold by the faid dire&ors, or any thre^ of them, and the rent or money arrfing therefrom, fhall be applied by them towards payment of the rents or purchafe of fach grounds as they may think proper to ' tdke by yearly rent, or to pUrcbafe for any of the purpofes herein before mentioned.

XXXI.	Provided always. That no fuch preferment for No prefent* keeping open any fuch part of the prefent road fhall be made ment for keep, by any grand jury,* etcept upon an affidavit of two credible °P?n perfons, who can read and Write, fetting forth that fuch part creept asher’ei*. of the road is neceffary to be kept open, at a public road

for the convenience of travellers.

3	XXXII.	And

Digitized by Google

A. D.

. 1791-

Chsp« 39.

If grand jury prefent lame to be flopped up, it (hall be veiled in director*.

Road to be widened as herein.

Owners of lands aggrieved to proceed as herein.

DireAors to Taife 4000I for repairings &c. bearing in-tcreA as herein.

The tblrtyfecmJ T ear of George ft I.

XXXII.	And be it fu-ther enaftrd, That if at arty' time thereafter, the grand jury of fuch county (hall prefent the fame to be Hopped up, it (hall .be immediately* thereupon, and is hereby declared to be veiled in the (aid directors, without any further a £1 done on their behalfr as fully as if the fame never had been presented to be kept open.

XXXIII.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the grand juries of fuch county, at any aflizes, to prefent any part of the faid road, within their refpec-tive counties, to be widened to the width of fixty feet, upon, the rcquefl of thiee of the dire&ors io writing, and an affi^ davit fworn before any two jufticcs Of the peace for fuch county, or before the court, by any two credible perfons, that the part of the road fo requeued to be widened is not of the width of fixty feet.

XXXIV.	Provided always, Tbit if the owner or occupier of the land where the faid road is to be widened aoaforefaid, fhall think himfelf or herfclf aggrieved by fuch prefent men t, it fhall be lawful for fuch perlon to traverfe the fame at the fame afiizcs for damages, and fuch traverfe fhall be tried then, or at the next enfuing aflizes ; and upon all damage* which fhall be found by the jury who fhall try fuch traverfe,, being paid to the traverfer, or depofited with the county treafurer for his or her ufe, it fhall be lawful for the faid di-re&ors to proceed in widening the fame, purfuant to faid prefentment, without the interruption of any perlon whatsoever.

XXXV.	And whereas the tolls to be colle&ed on the faid turnpike-road will not be fufficicnt to anfwer the feveral charges thereon, and to repair and widen the faid road, and form fuch new lines of road as may be neceflary ; be it further ena&cd, That any three or more of the faid directors fhall and may, and are hereby empowered from time to time, as occafion fhall require, to raife and borrow fuch fum and fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of four thoufand pounds fterling, as they fhall judge neceffary towards repairing and widening the faid road, or forming new lines of road in the place and Head of any part thereof, and defraying all charges which may be incurred by virtue of this

and that for all fuch fums fo to be harrowed, bills entitling the bearers to the amount of the fums therein fpeci-fied fhall be iflued, and figned by the treafurer for the time being, and figned by and fealed with the feals of three or more of the faid dire&ors, and that fuch bills fhall bear fuch intereft from the date thereof, a3 ftiali.be agreed upon between the faid direftors and the. lender or lenders,> not exceeding the legal rate of interest by xhc hundred by the year,

4

Digitized^ by Google ___

\

77* thirty‘fecund Tear of George III.

^iral thit for luch fum as {hall hereafter be bomwed by the A* IX Vaid directors as afore faid, there {hall be paid by the treafur^c I79*« * for the time being, by and with the order and direction of Chap. 39^ three or more of the faid directors, on even txrft. day of	^

^May, and evefy ftrft day of November, after tile refpc&ive -relates of fuch bills, to the holders thereof, out of the produce of the tolls of the (aid road, fuch intereft as fhall be fo agreed upon in full to the faid days fo appointed for the payment of fuch intercft, without any fee or charge whatfo-cver, and free from all deductions, defalcations, and abatements, until the principal fums therein mentioned be refpeo tively paid at one payment, and that all fuch bilk as (hall be To i(Tiled and figned (hall be numbered in arithmetical pro-greffion, beginning with number one, until the whole thereof (hall be numbered ; provided that no fuch bill (hall be if-Tued for lefs than fifty pounds, or for more than one hundred pounds.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted. That if any part of If interef

the faid intereft, (hall be behind or unpaid by the faid trea- unpaid as he	<

Turer for tile fpace of (even days after any of the days fo ^	p

appointed for the payment thereof, the lord chancellor, or a°rccciiw. lord keeper, or commiffioners of the great feal, may upon

a petition and affidavit appoint a receiver to receive fo much of the tolls of the faid road as may be oeceffary to pay fuch intereft* and the receiver’s fees, and all rcafonable cods attending fuch application, or may make fuch order for fequef-tcring the tolls for the payment thereof, as to juftice lhall pertain.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the tolls of

the feveral gates on tke faid road, (hall be applied in dif- Tolls t charge of the intereft to arife upon fuch debentures as fhall	*

be iffued for the faid fum of four thoufand pounds, or any .	,

part thereof, and that the faid directors, or any three or	i

more of them, may expend from time to time fuch firm of money as (hall be received by the treafuters in the payment	j	'

of the faid treafurer’s falary, appointed as aforefaid, in ere&-iog or repairing gates and toU-houfes, fixing tables of the tolls, and fixing and lighting proper lamps at each gate, in erecting mile-ftones, mile-pofts, and dire&ion-pofts, paying toll-coUeftors and fupervifois in the expences of furveys and valuations for widening, and in widening the faid road; and fencing it where widened, in forming new'lines of road, and paying all cofts attending the fame, in drain* ing, formiug, and gravelling, drefiiQg, cleaning, or repairing the faid road, and in rendering it more convenient for travellers, according to their diferetion, and in laying up materials in convenient places for repairing breaches in the win-	'	.

ter feafon.	f

XXXVIII. Provided

Digitized by Qoogle

4«4

A. DU 1791.

Chap- 39-

Expenditure rf mosey to be rcounted for pon oath.

Diredore may

irehafe, &c. r putpofes herein.

*nv perfon rafted with rnditnrc, ccount as

tin.

servifor to m upon die ftate of n&c. as hi.

rvifor tnnair hr4«, fire*

7Sr tbtrffficokd Yiar of George III.

XXXVIil. Provided always, and be.it enafted, Thafc the expendiure of all fiich money, ftiaQ be accountable for upon oath >efore the (aid direftors, which.oath any of the (aid direfto*s or commiffioners is hereby empowered to admin ifter, fyecifying the particular manner in which every part of it hall have been expended, and fuch account (hall be laid before the faid commiffioners, together with a copy of all orders of experiditure made by the faid direftors, bf being depdited with their treafurer, once at the leaft in every three months, and as much oftener as the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them fhall require.

XXXIX. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid direftors, or any three or more of them, to purchafe all fuch ground, houfe or houfes, as may bfc ne-ceffary for widening the faid road, or making new roads in place of any parts of the prrefbnt road, or for dcpoGting materials for repairing the fame, or laying by the ferapings and cleaning thereof

XJL. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon to whom the expenditure of any of the laid money fhall be cntiufled by the faid direftors, fhall not account for fo much as he fhall have expanded of the fame in manner aforefaid, within one month after he (hall be thereunto required by any one of the faid direftors, or of the faid commiffioners, he (ball forfeit double the furh which he fhall be fo required to account for, and upon non-payment thereof, fhall be committed by warrant, under the hand and feal of the juftice before whom he fhall be convicted, upon the oath of any one credible witnefs, to the common gaol, or houfe of cor region, there'to remain until the faid forfeiture be paid.

XLI. And be it further enafted, That every perfon ap-j>ointed fupervifor of the faid road, fhall once in every month return to the faid directors• an account on oath of the ftate qf the road, the conduft of the gate-keepers and overfeers, workmen and labourers, fo far as the fame (hall have fallen within his. obfervation, whether the tickets given to cars, carts, or other carriages palling through any of the pay-gates thereon, which he has examined, have been conformable to thi*3 aft, or wherein they have differed, what nuifances, encroachments, or offences againfl this aft he has found or obferved refpefting the faid road, what flep* he has taken to remove or remedy them, what penalties he has levied, and the feveral days on which he has infpefted the (aid road, and what part thereof he has infpefted on each day.

XLII. AtiS be it further enafted, That every fupervi-foi (hall have power to repair any fudd^n breaches or holes

which

.Google

The thirty-fecond Tear of George III.

.465

which he may have obferred in any part of the faid road, A. D. firft receiving an order for the purpofe from any two of the 1792. faid dire&ors, and the cxpence thereof (hall be laid before Ghap 39. the directors at their next meeting, and upon their ap-proving thereof, and his making oath of the expenditure, and fpecifyiug the particulars thereof, they, or any thr^ or more of them, may order the faid expences to be paid by the treafurer.

XT.	III. And be it further ena&ed, That every perfon Perfonsap-appointed by any three or more of the faid dire&ors to make, gravel, repair, or fuperintcnd the faid road, or any gravel, &Cj part of it, (hall have full power and authority to dig for, fearch, raife, and carry away any gravel, Hone, fand, or other materials which may be wanted for the ufe of the faid road, and to make drains in order to carry off water from, or prevent its injuring the faid road, on or through the lands of any perfon, not being a deer-park, orchard, haggard, yard, planted lawn, or avenue to a manfion-houfe, and that every fuch perfon fo appointed, (hall make fatisfac-tion to the owners or occupiers of the land for the damage that maybe done thereby, in like manner, and under the like regulations as is, are, or (hall be ena&ed with refpe& to damages done by overfeers appointed by the prefentments of grand juries.	,

XLIV. And whereas it is neceffary for the further ma- No perfon to nagement of the faid road, that the draips along either fide f:our, &c. any thereof fliould be under the controul of the faid dire&ors ; ditch, except be it further enadled. That if any perfon (hall fcour, deep-,45 crcm‘ en, fill up, or widen any drain or ditch on the fide of any part of the faid road, without the order of the faid directors, or any three of them, it (hall be lawful for any of the faid dire&ors to caufe the fame to be filled up, or fcoured, as the cafe may be, accorping to his diferetion, and to levy the expence thereof by diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuch perfon.

XLV. And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon Penalties for (hall build any houfe, or part of a houfe, within forty feet offences com-of the centre of the faid road, except in a corporate or “k^d ashcrcin. borough town, or (hall build any wall, or make any ditch, within thirty feet of the centre of the faid road, or Jhall make or ha ye any paflage or way from the faid road into the lands adjoiniug, without placing a gutter or arch underneath fuch way or paffage, as deep as the drain or ditch over which it is or (hall be made, fo as to allow all water which may at any time be therein full room to pafs, or (hall burn, or permit or fuffer to be burned 0^1 his or her lands, bricks or weeds, or vegetable fubftance, for allies, within one hundred feet of the centre of the faid road, every fuch Vol. IX.	G f	perfou

Digitized by

Dung, fcc. laid on the road forfeited, as

herein.

The thirtpfxwmd Year of George III*

perfon tliall for every fuch offence, upon convi&ion thereof, by the oath of one credible witnefs, before any juftice of the peace, or upon the view of £uch juft ice, forfeit die fura of five pounds; and if any perfon (hall keep, or have in his or her pofieffion, any car-dog, maftiff, or budl-dog, at any houfe within fifty yards of the (aid road, without a block of wood of five pounds weight at the kaft fattened to the neck of every fuch dog, or fhall winnow, or lay out for winnowing any corn on the faid road, or fhall lay any ft raw, thing, or rubbHh thereon, or fhall fcrape the fame, or fhaH lay the fcouring or earth of any ditch or drain on the (aid road, arid let it be there for more than the fpace of twenty* four hours, or fhall leave on any part of the lame, between enclofure and enclofure, or peimit to he kft thereon, op-pofite of near to his or her hoafe, any carriage whatsoever* or any plough or harrow, without the horfe or horfes, or other beaft or beafts being harneffed thereto, uidefs fuck carriage as (hall be accidentally broken down there, and cannot be removed without repair; or if any perfon fhaJI fpread out any linen, blanket or winnow doth within one hundred feet of the centre of the faid road, or fhaH beat or dry any fiax, or leave any timber, ftonrs, fend, clay, lime, or other matter, on the faid road, except for the ufe of the faid road, or (hall leave, or permit to be left, the car-fcafe of any horfe, ot other beaft, or (hall (kin the lame, or permit it to be (kinned on the faid road, or within one hundred yards of the centre thereof, except in a houfe or yard enclofed with walls, or (hall kad or drive any car or carnage wkh tiipber, boards, or iron, laid arrofs, fo as that either end thereof (hall projc& beyond the wheels or tides of the carriage, or (hall drag any timber or tnilU Hones along any part of' the faid road, without being fup-ported by wheels from touching the fame, or fhaD ered any fign-poft, or may-pole, or may bufh, on any part of the faid road, every perfon fo offending, (hall For every fuck offence forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, upon convidion before any juftice of the peace, by the oath of one ctc* dible witnefs, Or upon the view of fuch juftice*

XLVI. And be it further cnaded, That all dung, dirt, ft raw, rubbifh, (tones, gravel* fand, or lime, which (hall be laid on the faid road, mall be, and is hereby declared to be forfeited to the faid dire&ors, and to be their foie property, and (hall be fold by them, or any of them, for the ufe of the faid road, or otherwife difpofed of by them as they (hall think fit, and that if any perfon not authorized by the faid diredenrs, fhall draw away any part thereof, fuch perfon (hail be deemed to have felonioufly ftoku the feme, and (hall be profecoted and punched as any perfon

fdomoudy

Digitized by LjOOQie

I

Punilhmcnt a3 herein.

Securing laid on the road, penalty at herein.

Corn, See.

*The thirty ftcond Tear of George 111.

V

Felon ioufly ftealiug like goods being the private property of another.

XLVII. Provided always, That no fuch perfon (hall be fcutenced to death or tranfportation, or other puntfhnaj|ut than fine, tmprifonment, or whipping for the fame.

XLVIiL And be it further enaded, That for every carload of fcourir.g or earth thrown out of any drain or ditch on the faid road, which (hall have remained thereon twenty-four hours, and which Ihall be drawn away by the faid directors, or their order, the owner or occnpier of the land which fuch drain or ditch divides from the faid road, (hall forfeit the frnn of one (hilling for every day the fame {hall have remained thereon, upon convidion in manner aforefaid.

XL.IX. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for every perfon what foe ver, to take and carry laid on the road away, and convert to his or her own ufe, any corn which (hall fQrfeitcd-be laid on the faid road for the purpole of being winnowed, or (hall be winnowing thereon, or remain thereon after being •winnowed, together with the facks or winnowing clothes wherein the fame may happen to be, and alfo ail timber which (hall be left on any part of the faid road, and (hall have remained theieonfor feven clays, not having been brought or kept there by order of the faid diredors, or for the ufe of the faid road, without the let, fuit, trouble, or hindrance of any perfon whatsoever.

* L. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be Supervifor* '* lawful for the fupetviiors of the faid road, or any of them, may remove to pull down, or till up, and level any wall, drain, or ditch,

Which (hall be built or made, or began to be built and made after the palling of this ad, upon any part of the laid road, or within thirty feet of the centre of the faid road, and to take up any way or paflfage from the faid road into any held or land adjoining, which may obftrud the free paf-fage of water, and to remake the fame by building a gutter or fewer, or arch therein, at a fufficient depth, and to fcour and clear away all obltrudions which may happen to be made in any drain for carrying away water from the (aid road, or for preventing its injuring the fame, an& to pull down and remove any fign-poft which (hall be creded contrary to this ad, lirft obtaining a warrant under the hand and feal of any magiftrate, or any of the diredors or commitfioners for fo doing, and to levy the ex pence thereof, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender, or of the owner or occupier of the land wherein fuch way, paflage, or drain (hall	,

be, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner on demand.

G g 2	LI.	And

Digitized by Google

4^3

T he thirty-Jetond Tear of George III*

A. D.

1792. Ghap. 39.

<*ran<l jury to pi cleat a*, hcicin.

Suprrvifor

regle^in^, a*

herein, fotfeit sl. for every dc-gk«.

I*ferdr> m fh ivn * of r &c c-ffcmliiig J* herein.

LL And be it further cna&ed, That it (hall and trtay bp lawful for the grand jury at any affixes or quarter fe (lions, to prefent any houfe, or part of a houfe, or lime kiln, to be pulled down, which (hall be built contrary to this ad, within their county, and that the expences of fo doing, be levied off the goods and chattels of the offender ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon to kill any dog which (hall be kept contrary to this ad, without being fued orprofecuted for fo doing.

LI I. And be it further enabled, That if any fuperrifor (hall omit to apply for any fuch warrant for forty-eight hours after he (hall be informed, or have feen any of the faid offences or matters, or having obtained fuch warrant, (hall omit for forty-eight hours to execute the fame, unlefs prevented by the feverkv of weather, or (hall omit to apply at the next enfuing feiftons or aflucs for fuch prefentment as aforefaid, or (hall delay or neglcd to feize, profecute for, and levy any of the penalties for offences againft this ad, which fha‘1 come or happen within his knowledge, view, or information, he (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch omiffion, delay, or negled, upon ponvidion thereof, before-any juftice of the peace, upon the oath of any one credible wituefs.

LiII. And be it further enaded* That if the driver or perfon in care of any cai\ cart, dray, or waggon, or carriage, (hull ride upon the fame on any part of the faid road, not having fume other perfon on foot or 00 horfeback to guide the lame, (Inch carriages as arc rcfpedively drawn by one horfe only, or two horfes a-breaft with bridles in their mouths, and are canduded byTome perfon holding the reins of fuch bridle s excepted,) or if the driver or perfon in care of any carnage, (hall by negligence or wilful milbehaviour, hinder, obltrud, or interrupt the pafTage of any other carriage, or any of his Majcfty’s fubjeds on the faid road, or if the driver or perfon in care of any empty or unloaded car, cart, or other carriage, (hall refufc or negled to turn alide, and to make way for any coach, chariot, chaife, loaded waggon, cart, car, dray,''or other loaded carriage, every fuch perfon being convided thereof by his own con-feflion, or by the oath of any one credible witnefs before any juftice of the peace, (hall for every fuch offence, if fuch offender be not the owner of fuch carriage, forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, and if fuch t.(fender ^hall be the owner of fuch carriage, he Audi forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, and every fuch offender (hall upon non-payment thereof, be com-mitted by fuch juftice to the gaol, or houfe of corredion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding •iic month, or until the fiud fine be paid, aud every fuch offender

Digitized by C^ooQle

*The tlirty-fecond Tear of George III,	4C9

fender or perfon in care of fuch carriage, offending in any of A. D. the faid cafes, may by the authority of this a&, and without 1792. any other warrant, be apprehended by any perfon who (ball Chap. 59. fee fuch offence committed, and conveyed or delivered to a conftable or other peace officer to be conveyed before fome juftice of the peace.

LIV. And be it further ena&ed, Tfyat in cafe any perfon pcnaity on 9r perfons (hall refift or make forcible oppofition agair.fi any perfon* offend-perfon or perfons employed in the due execution of this a&, ing as herein, or (hall aflault any colle&or of the tolls in the execution of his or their office or offices, or fliall make, or attempt to make any refeue of cattle, carriage, or other goods diftrain-ed or fetzed by virtue of this n&, or if any conftable or fub-conftable fliall refufe or neglc^l to execute any warrant granted by any juft ice,' or by any commiffioncr or dirc&or, pnrfuant to the dire&ions of this a&, every fuch perfon 0% fending therein, and being convi&ed thereof before any juft-ice of the peace, by his or hei own confcflion, or by the oath of one credible wit nefs, fhall for every fuch offence Forfeit any fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings, at the diferetion of fuch juftice, and in cafe the fame fhall not immediately be paid, fuch juftice is hereby empowered and required to commit fuch offender to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, wnlefs the faid forfeiture fliall be fooner paid.

LV. And be it further enafted, That it (hall not he law- # Nocempofi. ful forthe faid dire&ors, or any of them, to make or accept	xna<^c'

of any compofition with or from any perfon whatsoever, for any of the tolls to be paid by yirtue of this a&.

LVi. And be it further ena&ed, That the truftees, com- Book*, *c. to miffioners, treafurer, clerk, and all perfons a&Jng under or delivered up, by virtue of the faid a6ls hereby repealed, Thall deliver as trcin* upor demand by any two or more of the faid dire£ors, all book*, paper*, maps, and accounts refpe&ing the faid ^road.

XVII.	And be k further enabled, That all monies which Monies, Sec. fliall have ^rifen, or may arife by virtue of the faid recited to be handed afts, or either- of them, hereby repealed, and (hall be pay- over to tiuffce* able to the truftees ther eby appointed, or be in their hands, V*" or in the hands of their treafurer, together with all fecurities.^ for money due* or to be due to them as truftees of the faid road, fhall be paid and handed over by them or theirTecre-tary to the treafurer who (hall be appointed by virtue of this a&, and all fuch monies fhall be applied towards thepurpofea of this aft, in fuch manner as the faid dire&ors, or any three or more of them, fhall think proper, and that any agreement or lcafe for fetting the tolls 0/ the faid road, or

any



Digitized by

The thirty ftcond Year of George ill.

any part thereof, which may be made after the Grft day of March, one thnufand fcven hundred and ninety-two, by the truftees appointed by the faid af ,, or either of them, fhall be null and void.

nnwnncsirc LVI11. And be it further enabled. That all fines, pe-tobe levied tec. nalties, and forfeitures, impofed for any offence committed againft this ad, the manner of levying and applying which Is not herein particularly dire£ted, (hall and may be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, by warraut under the hand and fcal of the juftice before whom the offender fhall be convided, by the oath of one credible witnefs, or his or her own confefiion; and in cafe of non-payment thereof, or of any fine or penalty which fhall be impofed by the authority of this ad, the offender fhall be committed by ftich juftice, by warrant under his hand and ftal, to the common gaol, or houfe of corredion, there to remain without bail or main-prize, for any time not exceeding three months, or until the faid fine, forfeiture, or penalty be p3id ; and every fuch fine, forfeiture, or penalty, when paid, (hall be applied by the faid dirtdors, in aid of the tolls, towards the ufes of the rood, and in rewarding the informer, or parties conviding, and the condables, or other perfons aflilting, or partly in one and partly in the other of the faid ways, as to the faid diredprs, or any four of them, fhall fecra proper.

Oaths and af- LIX. And be it further enabled, That every juftic* of firmations. the peace fhall have power within his jorifdidioii to admi-nifter all oaths which are hereby required or direded, or which may he neccffary for the purpofes of this ad ; and if any perfon (hail take or fuhfcribe any oath or affirmation pre-feribed or empowered to he taken by virtue of, or in pnr-fuance of this ad., or for the purpofes of carrying this ad into execution, and (hall wilfully affirm, or fwear falfcly therein, every fuch perfon fhall, upon convidion, fuffer the pains and penalties enaded againft perfons guilty of wilrul and corrupt perjury.

Affirmation of	And	be	it	further	enaded, That in all cafes where

mquaker to be	an oat^ 18 Prefcv*bed or mentioned ;n this ad, tire affirmatioa

taken.<	of the party, if he or (he be a quaker, (hall and may be

made or taken in the place of fuch oath.

LXI. And be it further enaded, That where any diftrefs

Diftrefs not	macjc	for	any	fum	or fuuis Qf money to be levied by

form, virtue of this ad, the diftrefs itfelf fhall .not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpaffers on account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the party or parties diftraining be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpaffers, ah initio, on account of ^ny irregujprity which (hall be, 2	afterwards

-	--Digil^id	J:

Google

The thhiyfecemd Tear of Oeoifee ‘ III.

afterwards done by the party or parties diftrafning, but tBe perioH or prifons aggrieved by fuch irregularity, may recover full fatiafaftion fox the fpecial damages in an aftion on the cafe.

LXII. And be ft Anther enafted, That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be at public aft, and be judicially taken notice of as fnch by all judges, jut trees, and other perSarta whatfoever, without (penally plead* ing the fame.

47*

A* D. *79*'

A publick aft.

CHAP. XL.

An Adfor reviving and condoning certain Temporary Statutes*

IV.	A ND whereas ^n aft patted nl the ferenteenth and inland

eighteenth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, aa.s herein re-entitled, An ad for the better preservation of Jt/h in rivers, cited made per* lake*, and inland waters; as alfo an aft patted in the P*10"* twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his prefent Ma-jefty*$ reign, entitled, /in ad for the protedion and improve-ment, of the initmd Jtjh^ries of this kingdom: and alfo an aft patted in the twenty-fixth year of hia prefent Majefty's reign, entitled, An ad to explain and amend an ad paffed in the twenty-third and tweniyfourih years of his Maje/ly, entitled, Ah ad for the protedion and improvement of the inland jifheriei of tin Kingdom, are found to contain futh regulations and prbvifions, as have anfvveVed the purpofes for which laid feveral afts were framed : and whereas faid afts are ipo\y nearly expiring; be it enafted by the authority afore-faid, That the faid feveral afts be, and are hereby made perpetual.	*

V.	And whereas by the twenty-third claufe of the laft recited aft, vi$. of the twsnty-fixth of his prefent Ma* jetty, entitled, An ad to explain 'and amend an ad paffed in the twenty-third and twenty fourth years of bis prefent Majcjlyf entitled. An ad for the protedion and preferyation of the inland fjheriesy the river Anna Liffey is precluded from the benefit of the feveral regulations and provifions enafted for the preservation and proteftion of the inland fifheries : be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the patting of this aft, theTaid claufe he, and is hereby repealed ; and fubj r*c that the faid'river Anna Liffey (hall be fubjeft to fuch pro- lations as herein. vitiof»^md regulations as are made and provided for the proteftion and prefervation of the falmon and trout in the other rivers, and inland,waters of this kingdom; provided that it (hall and may be lawful for perfous duly authorifed to

iilh

G°°gle_

The thirtyfetaad Tear of George III.

A. D.

J792.

No title given to corporation of Dublin to fifheries on faid river, &c.

fiHi in faid river, to kill (almon and trout, from the firft day of February, to the firft day of O&ober, in each and every year.

VI.	And provided always. That nothing in this ad, nor in the aforefaid recited ad of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth of his prefent Majefty's reign, fhall be conftrued to give any right or title whatfoever, to the corporation of the city of Dublin, to the fifheries on faid river, other than fuch corporation might have had before the paffing faid ad; or to the diminifhing of the fame, any thing to the contrary in this, or in the faid recited ad, in any wife not-with Handing.

CHAP. XLI.

N

An Aft for the Relief of the Creditors of Robert Brook late of Profperous, in the County of Kildare, Efquire.

became	HERE	AS Robert Brook, late of Profperous, in,

cd to the King ;	*	* the county of Kildare, efquire, on the twerty-fbuh

and to fevtral day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, detable luius*1 as ^K*camc indebted to hu Majefty in the fum of fifty thoufand herein. * pounds, by a recognizance, acknowledged before the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer, conditioned for the payment of twenty-five thoufand pounds into his Majefty’s treafury, with intereft, at the time and in the manner thertin mentioned ; and the faid Robert Brook likewife afterwards on the twenty-third day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, became indebted to his Majefty in the further fum of feven thoufand pounds, by a recognizance, acknowledged before one of the barons of the laid court of exchequer; and the faid Robert Brook became indebted to feveral perfons in confiderable fums, which were expended by him in building the town of Profperous aforefaid, upon the lands of Curry-hills, and in building feveral factories ufed thereon, for the purpofe of carrying on manu* fa£hires there : and whereas by feveral Ioffes fuftained by the faid Robert Brook in carrying on the faid maniifa&ure, he failed in his circumftances and credit: and whereas by an paffed in the twenty-£xth year of the reign oi his prefent Majefty, entitled. An aQ for further promoting the purpofes of cn ad, entitled, An ad for the tffuing treafury bills to the amount therein mentioned, for the burpofe of promoting manufactures, by providing for the fettlement of a number of induflriotit *	manufacturers	at	Profperous	in	the	county	of Kildare, it was

among ft other things cna&ed. That from fuch time as the fum of ten thoufand pounds ihould be paid into his Majefty’<

treafury.

The thirty fecond Tear of George III.

treafury, as therein directed, the faid recognizance for the fum of fifty thoufand pounds ftiould (land and remain a fe-curity for payment of the further fum of fix thoufand pounds into his Majefty’s treafury, at a day fince patted, with in-tereft at the rate of four pounds per hundred pounds by the year, and fhould alfo (land and remain a fecurity for continuing two thoufand perfons employed in the manufa&ure of cotton, at Profperous aforefaid, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand eight hundred, and that fiom and after the payment of the laid fums as aforefaid, the faid recognizances fhould not extend, or be conftrued to affed, or be a hen on any of the eftatee, real or perfonal, of the faid Robert Brook, fave the faid lands of Curry-hills, and the faid town of Profperous ; and it was thereby further enaded. That if the faid Robert Brook fhould by fufficient deed or deeds, with the confent and approbation of two-thirds in value of his private creditors, teflified by writing under their hands and feais, before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, veft all his eftate, real,* freehold, and perfonal, and all debts due to him in truftees, for the purpofe of more fpeedily railing thereout the faid fums of ten thoufand pounds, and fix thoufand pounds, and intereft for the faid fum of fix thoufand pounds, as aforefaid, and for the purpofe of fatisfying the debts due to his private creditors, rateably and proportipnably, that from thenceforth the perfon and future eflate of the faid Robert Brook, fhould be freed and difeharged from any adion or execution on account of any of his debts, and fhould not be affe&ed by any ad of bankruptcy which fhould be, or had been committed by him, fince the fit ft day of March, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, and that from fuch time as fuch deed or deeds fhould be executed, all his real and perfonal eftates fhould be, and fhould be deemed to be absolutely vefied in the truftees therein named; and it was by the faid ad provided, that nothing therein contained fhould be conftrued to extend to reftrain his Majeftv, his heirs and fucceflors, from reforting to the faid recognizance for the fum of fifty thoufand pounds, and having the full benefit thereof, as if the faid ad had not pafled, in cafe the faid fum of ten thoufand pounds fhould not be paid at the time therein appointed : and whereas th* laid Robert Brook did, in purfuance of the faid ad, by deed executed, before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, with the confent and approbation of two-thirds in value of his private creditors, teflified by writing under their hands and feais, veil all his real and perfonal eftate in John La Touche, Charles Henry

Coote,

Digitized by

Google

^<7^	The thirty-ficonf Tear ^tSeoygeni.

Coote, John Binns, Edward Wheddan, and Woga®‘ 1792. Browne, enquires, and did foon after depart fr<Sm this realm*

Chap. 41* and hath not fince returned; and neither the &id Robert Brook, nor the faid tmftens, have paid the fafd fum of tea thoufand po«Hid$ into hisMajefty*k treafwry, purfuant to the ford aft, nor have the faid trustees carried the trufts if the faid deed ihto execution ; and the real and perfon&l eftatc of the faid Robert Brook hath, fmce the paffing of the faid aft, through various caufes, been greatly diminifbed in v*« hie, and it h expedient that the fame Oioald be fold as fooa a» it conveniently may be, for the fatisfaftion of kit credit tors; be k therefore enafted by the King’* mod excellent Ma}cfty, bv and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritoal and temporal, and commons in this prefcnt parliament a Hem bled, and by the authorky of the fanftv That the ef-tate real and perfonal, of which the faid Robert Brook was feifced and poflcffed, at the time of the execution of the faid deed, fhall be deemed to be veiled in the faid John La Touche, Char lea Henry Coote, John Binns* Edwarck Wheddan and VVogan Browne* efquiresj and that it (haH amd may be lawful for his Majefty^s attorney general, without the previous {fining any com million for the pwpofe of ascertaining faid debts, to file an information to the nature of ai^ Englilh bill, in his Majdly*s court of exchequer, againft the faid John La Touclie, Charles Henry Coote, John Bmn«, Edward Wheddan, and Wogan Browne, for an account of the rents, ifitien and profits of the real eftate of the laid Robert Brook, and of his perfonaf eftate which came to their hands, and for a fale of all foch lanck, tenements, oc liereditaments of which the (aid Robert Brook was at the time of the acknowledgement of the faid recognisances, or at any time afterwards, foiaed of any eftate inpoiTcffion, remainder, or reverfion ; upon which bill a decree (hall be bad for the fale of fitch eftate v and that the money arifing from Ttich fale, (hall be applied towards the payment of the faid debts due to hw Majefty, and of all fuch other debts due by the faid Robert Brook, at the time of the execution of the fcid deed, a$ affeft or are liens on the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, according to their legal priority, and the refidue tfieeeof, together with his perfonal eftatc, towards the payment of ail his other debts, due at the time of the execution of faid deed, rateably and proportien-ably.

A public a&. II. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft (hall be deemed a public aft, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch.

The

Digitized by Google

The thirtyfecond Year of George IlL

The Thirty-third Year of GEORGE IIL

CHAP. I.

An A& for eflahlifhing Regulations refpcding Aliens arriving Couthnwd tm in this Kingdom* or refident therein* in certain Cafes, and SubjcQs of this Kingdom, <who ha ve ferved or are ftruing ht^ *	C'

Foreign Armies.

WHEREAS under* the prefent circtimftanccs much clanger may arife to the public tranquillity from the refort and rcfidence of aliens, unlefs dee provifion he made in refpe<5t thereof; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpintual and temporal, and commons in this pre-feut Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That during the continuance of this a&, the mafter or com-/uander of every fhip or vcflel which (hall arrive in any port or place of this kingdom, fliall, immediately on his arrival, declare in writing to the colle&or and comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuftoms, at or near fuch port or place, whether there are, to the beft of his knowledge, any foreigners on board his vefTcl, and (hall in his faid declaration fpecify the number of foreigners, if any, on board hi* faid veflel $ and alfo fpecify their names and refpe&ive ranks, occupation, or deferipuon, as far as he (hall be in-' formed thereof.	•	;

IT. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the mafter or commander of every fhip or veffel fo arriving as aforefaid, who fliall negleft or refufc to make fuch declaration as aforefaid, (hall for-every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds for every foreigner who (hall have been on board at the time of the arrival of fuch (hip or vefTe! as aforefaid, whom he (hall have wilfully negle&ea of refund to declare as aforefaid ; one moiety whereof (hall be to the infQrmer or informers, and the other moiety to thd poor of the parifti in which fuch offence (hall have been com* mitted, to be recovered before any one or more juftice or justices of the peace a&ing in and for the county, city, or town in which fuch offence (hall have been committed, by

the

Matters of vcflels to de. c)are} on arrival, whether any foreigner* on board, wick their numbem, names, tec.

Matters neglecting, forfeit vol, for each foreigner.

Digitized by

Google

Every alien who (hill arrive atfcr 30 Jan.

J 793** to declare in writing hit or her name, rjuik, dcicrip- , tion, &c.

. Officer to give each alien a certificate.

Not to extend to mariner*, employed by matter* dec.

The -thirty-third Tear 0f Geerge III.

the eonfeffion of the party, or on the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes; and in cafe fuch matter or commander at aforefaid, (hall negled or refufe forthwith to pay fuch penalty as he (hall be adjudged to pay in man* ner aforefaid, that it (hall and may be lawful for the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuttoms to detain fuch fhip or veffel as aforefaid, until the fame (hall have been paid.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every alien who (hall arrive in any port or place of this kingdom, on or after the thirtieth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, (hall immediately after fuch arrival, declare in writing to the colie&or, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuttoms, at or near fuch port or place, his or her name and rank, occupation, or description ; or if a domcttic fervant, then alfo the name, rank, occupation, or defeription of his or her matter or roiftrefs, or (hall verbally make to fuch officer as aforefaid, fuch declaration to he by him reduced to writing, and (hall alfo in like manner declare the country or countries, place or places, where he or (he fhall have principally rrfided for fix calendar months next immediately preceding fuch arrival; and that every fuch alien who (hall negled to make declaration of the aforefaid particulars, or who (hall wilfully make any falfe declaration thereof, (hall for every fuch offence, on convi&ion thereof, in his Majetty’s court of king’s-bench, or in any court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, be adjudged to depart out of this realm, and all other his Majetty’s dominions, within a time to be limited in fuch judgment ; and if he or (he (hall be found therein, after fuch time in fuch judgment fo limited, without lawful caufe, he or (he being duly convifted thereof, (hall be transported for life.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That every fuch alien fo arriving as aforefaid, (hall obtain from the colle&or, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuttoms (and fuch officers are hereby refpc&ively requited to deliver the fame) a certificate of his or her declaration made in writing, or verbally, containing all the particulars in fuch declaration contained.

V.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That nothing herein before contained, (hall extend, or be conttrued to extend to any mariner, whom the matter or commander of any (hip or veffel arriving in any ' port or place in Ireland, (hall certify to fuch colle&or, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuttoms in writing, fub-feribed by fuch matter or commander, to be a&ually engaged

and

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty-third Tear of George II f..	-

and employed in the navigation of luch fhip or veffel during the time that fuch mariner (hall remain fo actually engaged and employed, and which certificate in writing fo fubferibed as aforefaid, every fuch mailer or commander as aforefaid, is hereby required to give.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall not be lawful for any alien fo arriving, to import or bring into this kingdom any weapons, arms, gunpowder or ammunition whatever, other than as merchandize, fiffijed to the laws now in force refpqding the importation of fuch arms or ammunition refpedively, as merchandize ; and that it (hall be lawful for any of his Majefty’s officers of the cuftoms to take into his or their cuftody any weapous, arms, gunpowder or ammunition, which fhall be attempted to be imported or brought into this kingdom in any manner contrary to this ad, taking an account thereof, which account (hall fpecify the perfons by whom the fame were refpedively brought, and that fuch weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, (hall be, and (hall remain at the difpofal of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor of Ireland for the King’s fervice.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That when and fo often as the lord lieutenant and privy council (hall think it neceffary for the fafety or tranquility of this kingdom, by proclamation or order of council, to dired that aliens of any defeription therein contained, not being alien merchants, within the true intent and meaning of this ad, (hall not be landed in thi*3 kingdom, or (hall not be landed except at fuch places,, and under fuch regulations as (hall be in fuch proclamation or order expreffed ; then, and in every fuch cafe, the mailer or commander of every (hip, or veffel, or boat, having any fuch alien or aliens on board, (hall not fuffer any fuch alien or aliens to land within any part of this kingdom, contrary to fuch proclamation or order, un-lefs by the exprefs permiffion of the lord lieutenant, figni-fied under the hand of his chief fecretary; and every luch mailer or commander, wilfully negleding to conform to any of the diredions or regulations contained in fuch proclamation or order, (hall forfeit fifty, pounds for every alien fo landed ; to be recovered before one or more of his Majelly’s juftiees of the peace, one moiety thereof to be to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifh where fuch offence (hall be committed ; and fuch (hip or veffel from on board of which any fuch alien or aliens (hall fo land, and every other veffel or boat ufed in landing any fuch alien or aliens, (Kail and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cutloms or excife, and the fame (hall refpedively be forfeited, together with all tackle, apparel,

477

Aliens not to import arms or ammunition. See.

Proclamation dire&ing that aliens, except merchants, fliaU not be landed, as herein.

No &li«n to depart without ft pAlfport from chid magiflxate

«C jjjftlCC.

Aliens deft-rous to quit ylacc of abode, iKa.ll obtain a paffport from

Ui agiflrate.

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

ppreJ, ammunition and furniture thereuhto refpcftrvely be-

gging*

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That no alien fo arriving, fhall depart from the place in which he or fhe lhall have fo arrived, except for the purpose of making fuch declaration as herein before required, to the colledtor, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuf-tom$ as aforefaid, or for the purpofe of obtaining fuch pafs-port as is herein after mentioned* without previoufly obtaining a pais-port from the mayor or other chief magillrate of fuch place, or from one juilice of the peace for the county or place in which the fame may be fituated, in which pnfs-port (hall be expreffed the name and rank, occupation, or defeription of fuch alien as declared by him or her to fuch officer of the cuiloms as aforefaid, and alfo the town or place to which fuch alien purpofes to go ; and fuch mayor, ma-giftrate, or juftice, is hereby Required to give fuch pafs-port, on application made to him for that purpofe, on pr'xhufiiori cf the certificate of liis or her declaration as aforefaid, provided that fuch town or place to which fuch alien purpofes to go, (hall not be a town or'place from which fuch alien i* reftrained from going, by any fuch proclamation or order as » herein mentioned;. and provided that fuch alien (hall not have landed in this kingdom, contrary to any fuch proclamation or order in council as is herein mentToned.

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That when and fo often as any alien, except the domefttc fervants of any of his Majeily’s natural bom fubjeCts, or fuch as fhhll have had letters patent of denization, or been naturalized by a6t of parliament, being aftually attendant on their refpeftive mailers, who fhall have arrived in this kingdom fince the firft day of January, one thoufand feveti hundred and ninety-two, ot who fhall arrive therein at any time during the continuance of this aft, (ball be dclirous to change the place of his or her ofnal refideuce, or to quit the town or place at which fuch alien fhall have arrived, by virtue of his or her firll pafs-port, fuch alien fhall obtain from the mayor or chief magiflrate, or any jnflice of the peace for the county, town, or diilrift in which fuch alien fhall be refident, a pafs-port, in which fhall be expreffed the name and defeription of fuch alien in the manner herein before provided, and alfo, unlefs fuch alien fhall be an alien merchant, the name of the town or place to which fuch alien fhall propofe to remove ; and fuch mayor, chief magiflrate, or juilice, is hereby required to give fuch pafs-port, on application made to him for that purpofe by fuch alien : provided always, that every fuch aben fhall at the time of making fuch application, exhibit to fuch magiftratc or juilice

the

Digitized by

Vhe &trty-4hird Yoar of Oeeige HI.

the pa&pOTt by virtue of which fuch alien arrived In frtch county, diftrtft, town, or*place in which he or (he (hall be resident; or if fuch akea (hall not have arrived therein by virtue of any pafs-port, a certificate from the magiftrate or jufticG, cor other perfon to whom fuch alien (hall have delivered an account of his or her name and description, in the manner herein after provided.

X.	Provided aifo, and be it enaftcd by the authority aforefaid, That if it ihall appear to the farisfaftioti of fuch niagiftrat r of mayor, magiftrate, or juftice, upon due examination upon % reii(itt:fCv oath of fuch alien, and alfo, ifneceflary, of any other person or perfons, that fuch .alien is an alien merchant, within the true Lntent and meaning of this aft, it (hall mit be ne-ceflary t<* exprefe in fuch puk-pori the name of the town or place to ^xhich fdch alien (haft propofe to remove, but the fame (halL defcdbe fuch alien to be an alien merchant, within the true intent and meaning of this aft, and give full liberty to fuch alien merchant to pafs and repafc to and from aft pans of t_his kingdom,	*

XL A>nd be it further drafted by the authority aforefaid,	rates

That it fhaH and may be lawful to and for the mayor orchitf may require magiftnrto, or for any juftice of peace of any county, city,	^c.	*®

town, or diftrift within this kingdom, to require of any alien	v

who (hall have arrived in this kingdom after tlte firll day of Poru*

January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, or . fhall arrive at any time during the continuance of this a6t, except fuch domeftic fervants as aforefaid, ami who fhall be paffing through, or be found in fuch county, city, town, ordittrift, to exhibit to fuch mayor, magi (irate, or juftice, till or her pafs-port, which he or (he is hereby required to exhibit accordingly, and in default thereof, or in cafe it (hall appear thereby that fuch alien, not being therein deferibed as an alien merchant in the. manner in this aft mentioned, is not in his or her way to iuch town or place as is therein ex-prefied, and fuch mayor, magiftrate* or juftice (hall fee caufc to fiufpeft that fuch alien is not Iona file proceeding to i'uch town or place as aforefaid; or in cafe fuch mayor, magif-t rate, or juft ice (hall feecaufe tofufpeft that fuch alien landed in this kingdom, contrary to any fuch proclamation or order in council as is herein mentioned ; fuch mayor, magistrate, or juftice, may commit fuch alien to the common gaol, or other public prifon, or detain fuch alien in fuch cuf-tody as fuch mayor, magiftrate, or juftice may think proper, until notice thereof be Tent by fuch mayor, magiftiate, or juftice, to the chief fecretary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor of this kingdom, which notice fuch mayor, magiftrate, or juftice, is hereby required forthwith to tranfiryt, and until fuf&cient time (hall have been allowed '

for

Prcof to at

\

\

Digitized by

480	The	thirty-third	Tear of George JTL

A. D. for the tranfmillion of the lord lieatenant’s commands therew

1793.	Upon ; and unlefc the lord lieutenant (hall thereupon within

Chap. 1. ten days ftgnify his pleafure that fuch alien (hall be difeharged, or (hall direct in manner herein after mentioned, that fuch alien (hall depart the realm, it fliall and nyiy be lawful for fuch mayor, magi (Irate, or juftice, to caufe fuch alien to be committed to the common gaol, without bail or mainprize, until he or (he (hall be delivered by due courfe of law.

Punifhiuent XII. And be it further ena£ted by the authority afore-v?acdo*fof-~	fa,d* r^ult every alien whom the lord lieutenant or other

fending, as	chief governor of Ireland, (hall not fo fignify his pleafure to

hwein.	difeharge,	who	(hall have refufed to exhibit his or her pafs-

port, or who (hall have been found not bonaJide proceeding to the town or place therein exprefied, or who (hall have wilfully landed in this kingdqm, contrary to any proclamation or order of council herein mentioned, and who (hall be lawfully convicted thereof in his Majefty’s court of king's-bench, or any court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, (hall be adjudged to fuffer imprifonment for any term, to depart out of the realm within a time to be limited by fuch judgment 5 and if fuch alien (hall be found therein after fuch time in fuch judgment fo limited, without lawful caufe, fuch alien (hall, being duly convi&ed, be tranfported for life*

XIIL Ajjd be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully forge, counterfeit, or alter, or caufe to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or (hall utter, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any fuch pafs-port or certificate as are by this ad dirc&ed, or (hall obtain (uch pat's-port or ctrrtificite under any other name or defeription than that which he or (he (hall have declared to fuch cuilom-houfe officer, or to any fuch mayor, magiftrate, or juftice, as are herein mentioned, or (hall falfely pretend to be the perfon named m fuch pafe-port or certificate, fuch perfon or perfons (hall for v every fuch offence, on convi&idU thereof, in his Majetty’s court of king’s bench, or any court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, be adjudged to be imprifoned, and (hall be imprifoned in the common gaol for any time not exceeding fix calendar months, and at the expiration of that time to depart out of the kingdom, within a time to be limited by fuch judgment 5 and if fuch perfon or perfons be found therein after fuch time in fuch judgment fo limited, without lawful caufe, he or (he (hall, being duly convi&ed, be tranfported for life.

Notice of XIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-regulations. Sec. That notices of the fevcral regulations herein before contained, (hall be printed in different languages, and (hall l	_	be

Penalty on forging paff-port or certificate, See.



(

) _

—Digitized

fae Mrij-ihifi Tear of George III.

be- affixed iri public educes in the different ports of this king* dt>m; and (hall dfo be delivered by the cuftoihrhonfd officers to all foreigners on tlheir arrival in any port of this kingdom, in every cafe in which it can conveniently be done ; but that it fhall not be ntceffary for the eonvi&ion of any alien offending againtt this adt, to prove fUch pdrfbnal delivery of fuch notices. .	.	,	»	,

XV.	And be it fiiriher ena&ed b^r the authority afbrefaid, *1^5” „ That when and fo dften as the lord lieutenant or other chief herein, governor and privy council of this kingdoih, fhall by proclri-tnation ot order in council, direct that any alien being, or

who may hereafter arrive within this kingdom during the continuance of this a&* fhall depart this kingdom within a time limited ih fuch proclamation or Orders refpe&ivety; and any alien who fl ail knowingly neglect or refufe to pay due obedience tb fuch proclamation or orders refpedtively, or ftiriH be found in thb kingdom contrary to fuch proclamation or orders, as the cafe may bd, it fhall and may be lawful for any juft ice of the peace, or for any mayor dr chief magif-trate as aforefaid* to caufe every fuch alien fo rtcgle&ing of tefufing as aforefaid* to be arretted and to be committed to the common gXol of the county or piafce where he or ihe fhall be fo arretted* there td remain without bail or mainprize* tmtil he or (he fhall be delivered by due courfe of law.	,	•

XVI.	And be it further ena£ted by the authority afore- ar^n^2b^v-faid* That etery filch alien fd difobtyirtg, or knowingly ne- jng* JjC# °°ey" gle&ing to pay due obedience to fuch proclamation or orders fefpe£tively* or being found in this kingdom contrary to fuch jiroclatnation dr orders refpedtively, who fhall be lawfully

eonvifted thereof* In his Majctty's court of king's bench, or any court df oyer and terminer or gaol deli vet y, fhall be acU judged to firffer khprifonment for any time not exceeding bne month, attd at the expiration of the faid term to depart btii of the kingdom within a time td be limited by fuch judgment ; and if fuch alien fhall be found therein after filch tinie in fuch judgment fo limited without lawful caufe, fuch alien fhall, being ddly cobvi&cd, be tranfported for life;

fXVIIr Arid b€ it further fena&ed by the authority afdrd-	iiCTten-

faid* That it fhall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant ant may order br- his chief fecretary* in cdfei where he fhall apprehend that aHen, &c. to be immediate obedience will not be paid to fuch proclamation	®ttt

or orders refpe&ively, as afore faid, by warrant under bis <jom * hand and feal, to give fuch alien in charge td one of his Ma-jcftjr's meffengew, or to fdch other perfon dr perfons to whom he fhall think proper to direct fuch warrant, in order to bis or her being conducted out of the kingdom, in fuch manner as fhsdl be faitahlc to his or het nihk and fituation ;

Vol. IX.	Hh	and

Alena f refute where knd li utcnant ai«d -council think licet flory.

Aliens to give

afroper account of them-fclv.s.

' The thirty-third Tear oj George HI.

an3 that in cafe any cxcufe (hall be alledged by any fuch alieo for not complying with fuch proclamation or order* refpec-tivcly, it (hall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant and privy council to judge of the validity of fuch excufe, and to allow or difallow the fame 5 and fuch alien (hall remain in the cuftody of fuch mefienger, or. fuch other perfon or perfons as aforefaid, until the lord lieutenant and privy couiv cil (hall have fignified their determination thereupon.

XVIII.	And be it furtherenafted by the authority aforefaid* That it (hall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant and privy council, by proclamation or order in council, to order and direft any alien or aliens who (hall have arrived within this kingdom, fince the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, or who (hall arrive therein during the continuance of this aft, other than alien Ttier-c.iants and the domcftic fervants of any of his Majefly’s natural-born fubjefts or of fuch as (hall have had letters patent of denization, or been naturalized by aft of parliament, actually and bcnafdfy employed in the fervice of their respective mailers, to dwell and refide refpeftively in iuch diftrift or diitrifts as the lord lieutenant and council (hall think no-c diary for the public fecurity ; and if any fuch alien, except .as herein before excepted, being ,fo ordered and direfttd* h.all dwell, or (hall be found to be, or have been in any part of this kingdom, other than fuch diftrift or didrifts as aforefaid, in breach of fuch proclamation or orders refpeftively, it (hall and may he lawful for the chief fecretary of the lord lieutenant, or any juttice of peace, or any fuch mayor or chief magiflrate as aforifaid, to caufe fnch alien to be arretted ; and if it fhall appear to fnch chief fecretary, juttice, i;savor or chief magiflrate, that fuch alien did knowingly md wilfully depart out of fuch didrift or diftrifts, in breach of fuch proclamation or orders rtfpeftivcly, fuch alien f>all be committed to the common gaol, there to be detailed without bail or maiaprize, until he or (he (hall be deli-v .-red by due courfe? of law; and if any fuch alien, except ax herein before excepted, (hall he duly convicted iu his Majesty's court cf kingVbcnch, or any court of oyer and termi-r or or igaol deliver)', of knowingly and wilfully dwelling or reading, or being found* to be, or of having been in any place m this kingdom, in breach of fnch proclamation oror-das refpeft ively as aforefaid, he or flic (hall be adjudged t« be imprisoned, and (hall be imprifoned for any time not exceeding one month.

XIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every alien who (hall be in this kingdom on the thirtieth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and who (hall have arrived within this kingdom

fence

Digitized by

Google

'The thirty third Tear of George III,

fince the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two \ except fuch domeftic fervants as aforefaid, fhall within ten days from and after the thirtieth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and that every alien arriving in this kingdom after the thirtieth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, except fuch domeftic fervants as aforefaid, fhall within ten days after his or her. arriving at the place which (hall be exprefFed in his or her pafs-phrt as aforefaid, as the place to which be or fhe propofes to go, deliver to the chief ma-giftrate of the town or place in which he or (he (hall be, and if there be no chief magiftrate in fnch town or place, then in fuch cafe, to fome one of the juftices of peace in and for the county or diftrift in which fuch alien (hall be, or to fuch perfori or perfons as (hall be authorized to that effeft by fuch chief magiftrate or juft ice, as the cafe may be, by warrant under his hand and feal, a full and true account in writing of his or her name, and rank, occupation or defeription ; and alfo of his or her place of abode, fpecifying the Itrcet and number, if any fuch there be, in and at which he or (he fhall then be dwelling, and of the length of time during which he or (he (hall have been refideat within this kingdom, and the place or places of his or her principal refi-dcnce, during fix months immediately preceding his or her delivering fuch account; and that it (hall alfo be lawful for any mayor or chief magiftrate of any city, town, or place or for any juftice of the peace for any county or diftrifl, to require of ^ny fuch alien as aforefaid, except alien merchants,. and except fuch domeftic fervants as aforefaid, who fhall be within the limits of their refpe&ive jurifdiftions, fuch an account as is before mentioned ; and fuch mayor, magiftrate, juftice, or perfon authorized as aforefaid, is hereby required to give a certificate to fuch alien on application for that purpofe, which certificate (hall fpecify the particulars of the account fo delivered by fuch «lien ; and in cafe any fnch alien (hall negledl or refufe to deliver fuch account as aforefaid, in any of the cafes herein before mentioned, that it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace, to caufe every alien fo negle&ing or refufing, to be arrefted and committed to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he or (he (hall be delivered by . due courfe of law; and that every fuch alien, as aforefaid, who (hall fo negled or refufe to deliver fuch account, or who (hall wilfully deliver any falfe account to fuchjmagiftrate or juftice refpe&ing any of the particulars herein before mentioned, fnall, on convi&ion thereof, in his Majefty's court of Ring's bench, or any court of oyer and terminer Qr gaol de-Hh 2	livery,

48*

Afr D.

)igitized by

Goe>£ -

Magiftrttet

May compel aliens to gives true account,

Jdfcictt, may requite of h(>ufeke«.per an account of ali* CHS vcfidenty&c.

The thirty-third Tear of George TTf.

li^pry, be adjudged for tbe firft offence to fuffer impnfbu-' irtent for any time not exceeding one month ; and for tbtf fccond offence (ball be adjudged to depart out of this realm within a time to be limited in fuch judgment; and if fuch alien (haU be found therein after fuch time fo limited in fuch judgment, without lawful caufe, he or (be (hall, being duly eonvi&cd, be tranfported for life*

XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforefafd. That whenever ar.y fuch chief magiftrafe, or fuch juflice* (hall have caufe to fufpect that any fuch alien who may arrive, or be within the limits of his or their reflective jnrif-diction, and who ought in purfnance of this act, to deliver any fuch account as *> herein before mentioned, has neglected or refuted to deliver fuch account, it (hall be lawful tor fuch magiftrate or jufticc to fummon before him the perfoa fo fiifpected, in order to be examined touching the premifes ; and alfo to examine upon oath, fuch other perfons as may be competent to give evidence thereupon ; and upon rtfuial or neglect to obey fuch fummons, to caufe fuch perfon to be arrefted and brought before him for the purpofc above mentioned.

XXI.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore* faid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any jufticc of the peace, mayor, or chief magiftrate as aforefaid, by notice in writing, under their hands refpcctively, to be left at the dwelling houfe of any hou'c keeper within the city, town, or place in and for which fuch jultice, mayor, or chief magi ft rate as afore faid, (hall act, to require of fuch houfe-keeper an account in writing, within a time to be k’mi tod in fuch notice, to he fnhfcribea with the name of fuch houfe* keeper, of the names, rank, and occupation of all focb aliens as may be refident in bis or her dwelling boote, as far as tbe fame fball have come to his or her knowledge, toge* ther with an account of the length of time during which fuch alien's rcfpectively (hall have been fo resident in his or hef dwelling-houfc } or if no fuch alien (haS be refident therein* tlien in the like manner he or (he (hall certify tie fame ; and if:any fach houfekeeper (hall ncglccr or refute to return fuch account or certificate as is h reby required, or (hall return i fajfe account or certificate, every fuch houfekeeper facing lawfully convicted thereof, by his or her cpnfeffion, ©r on tKc oath or oath6 of one or more credible witnefa or witnefles.

(hall forfeit hfkI pay the fun\ of fifty pounds for every alien w ho (hall be proved to ha^e been a lodger or inmate m fuch dweffing-houfe as aforefaid, either, at the time when fuck * notice as a fore faid was left-at his or her dwelling: houfe, or at the time of returning fuch account or certificate, and whom he or (he ihall have wilfully neglc&ed to return in

fuck

Digitized by V -joog

igR

fTht thirty third Tear of George ILL

fuch account; and jn cafe there (hall be or have been no Alien in his or her dwelling-houfe at fuch time refpedivelw, fhall forfeit aod pay the fum of live pounds, to be recovered in manner aforefaid; oae moiety of foch penalties refpec* tively to be to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the pariih or place in which fudi dwell ing-houfe (hall be fituate,

XXII.	And be it further jena&ed by the authprity aforefaid, That every fuch puftom-h.Qufe officer, magiUrate, or juftice as aforefaid, (hall with ad ponvonient diligence, tranf-njit to the chief fecretary qf the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor, copies of all fuch accounts in writing, as fhdll be delivered to fuch cuftom-houfe officer, magiftrate, or joffice, by virtue of this ad; and sdfo, of all ^uch pafs purls and certificates as (hall be iffued by fueffi magiftrate or juf-yice, by virtue of this ad ; keeping ffich accounts, paih-ports, and certificates as far as may be, from f*ir*g 'inade public

XX III* Provided always, and be it further cnaded by the authority aforefaid. That in every qafe in whiph power U given by this a&, to commit any alien to the common gaol without bail or mainprize, until delivered by due courle bf law, it (hall aqd may be lawful for any of the. ju (tides'of his Majefty*8 courts «f kingVbench, camtaau-pleiis., or any of the baron? of his Majefty’s court of exchequer within this kingdom, if, upon application made, he (hall fee fiiffi-cient caufe to prpfume that fuch perfon is not vyitbin the. deferiptipn limited by this ad in the different cafes herein mentioned, to admit ffich perfon to bail, he or (he giving fufficient fecurity for his or her appearance, to ftnfwer the matters aUedged againft him or her.

XXIV.	provided alfo,, and be it further enabled. by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall he lawful for any juftice of the peace to admit any ajien to bail who (hall have been committed by virtue of this ad, fuch juftice being autho-

'. rized fo to do by warrant of the chief lecretary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor of this kingdom for that piirpofe, fpecifymg the fecurity to be taken by fucb^ juftice.

XXV.	And he k further cnaded by th£ aut^orify afpre-faid, That all aliens who (hall have arrived in this kingdom^

* fince the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, fliaB; on ot before the tenjh day of February, one thoufan^ feyen hundred and nipety three ; and every alien who ffiiall arrive therein after the thirtieth day of ^anuaryj oae thoufan^ feven hundred and ninety-three, ffiall pithin’ ten days after. Jps or their arrival, give to fome. ; ppighbpuring magiftiate, a full and true account of all wea-’	*	pons,

Mag'ftrnfe, ftt. to craiilmit copies of ac Count# to chief fecretary, &C.

Judges of king's In uch, Uc. may avlrnit alien# to bail..

ju dices may admit aliens to bail' See.

Aliens, &c. to

give an. account of arms and ammunition, as %<iP,

486,	The thirty-third Tear	of	George III.

A. Di pons, arms, gunpowder, and ammunition, except fuch only' T793* *or *he keeping of which they (hall have obtained Ticenfc, Chap I. under the hand and ftal bf the chief fecretary of the lord lieutenant, during the time fuch licenfe fhall be in force ; and that it fhall not br lawful for any fuch alien fubfequent to the delivery of fuch account to buy, or to have in his or her pcfllfiion, or in the pofTefilon of others, for or at his or her ufe or difpofal, any v capons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, except as herein Lef re excepted ; and that any fuch perfon wilfully negltdlmg to give fuch account, or giving a falfe account, or wilfully neglecting to deliver up fuch weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, or forging, counterfeiting, or altering, or caufirg to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or; uttering, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any fuch licenfe, or buying, or knowingly having in his or her poffcHion, or in the pcflefTion of others, for or at his or her ufe or difpofal, any other weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, contrary to this aft, fhall, on convi&ion in his Majcfty's couit <>f kingVbench, or any court of oytr and terminer or gaol delivery, be adjudged to depart out of this realm, within a time to be limited in fuch judgment ; and if he or (he fhrll be found therein, after fuch time in the judgment fo limited, without lawful caufe, he or fhe fha?l, being duly convifted, . be tranfported for life.

Magiftrafct XXVI, And be it fiirther-enafled by the authority afore-may require any faid, That it fhall and may be lawful for any fuch mayor, *™v>**™ magiflrate or juft ice &s aforefaid, fiom time to time, to re-bcrthT**quire any fuch alien as aforefaid, who fhall have arrived within this kingdom fince the firft dly of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, or who fhall arrive therein during the continuance of this aft, and who fhall be within the jurisdiftion of fuch mayor, magiflrate or juf-tice, w'ho fhall pafs through the fame, to deliver up to fuch magiflrate or juflice all weapons, arms, gunpo\V2er or ammunition, w-hich may be in his or her poffeflibn, or iq the pofTefTion of others, for or at his Or her ufe or difpofal (except by virtue of fuch licenfe aforefaid) and in cafe of re-fufal, it fhall be lawful for fuch mayor, magiflrate, or juf-tice, to take into his or their cuftody, any fuch weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, and the fame fhall" be „ and remain at the difpofal of the lord lieutenant for his Majefly’s fervice ; and that any fuch alien refufing to deliver up f ch weapons, arms, gunpowder or ammunition, or concealing the fame after fiichv requftitfon fo made as aforefaid,

, fhall, on conviftion in his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, or in any court of byep and terminer or gaol delivery, he

"	adjudge^

Digitized by v^ooQie

Chief feereta-ry, 6rc may caufe houfe* oc-

The thirty-third Tear of George IIL

adjudged to depart out of this r„*alm within a time to be limited in fuch judgment; and if he or (he fhall be found, therein after fuch time in fuch judgment fo limited, without lawful caufe, he or (he (hall, being duly convi&ed, be tranf-ported for life.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the chief fe-cretary of the lord lieutenant Or other governor of this kingdom for the time being, or for any two juftices of the tobcfearchcd peace, or any mayor or chief magiftrate as aforefaid by for arms. Sec. warrant under their refpe&ive hands and feals, to caufe any M herein, houfe rented of occupied by any aliens as aforefaid, except alien merchants,' and except aliens who have been refident in this kingdom continually, for the fpace of two years previous to the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two ; and alfo any houfe in which any fuch alien (except as herein excepted) (hall be a lodger or inmate, fuch inmate not being a domeftic (e/vant of any of. his Majefty’s natural-born fubjefts, or perfons who (hall have had letters patent of denization, or being naturalized by of parliament, refident in fuch houfe, to be fearched in the day time, and in the prefence of a peace officer* in order to difeover whether any weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition be therein ; and to caufe to be feized all fuch weapons, arms, gunpowder, and ammunition, as (hall therein be found belonging to fuch alien, or being for or at his ufe or difpofal, except fuch weapons, arms, gunpowder, and ammunition, whereof he may be in pofleffion by virtue of fuch licenfe as is herein before mentioned, and fuch weapons, arms, gunpowder, and ammunition fo feized,.

(hall be at the difpofal of the lord lieutenant, for his Majcf-ty’s fervice*

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority chiVffccret aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the chief fe- ryt &C. may cretary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor of require an »<-this kingdom for the time being, or fuch juftictf,, mayor, f°unt from or chief magiftrate as aforefaid, to require any houfekeeper* afrens in whofe dwelling-houfe any alien (hall be a lodger or in- lodge, 6cc. mate, by notice in writing, under their hands and feals re-t fpe&ively, to be leftist fuch dwelling-houfe, an account in writing, to be fubferibed with the name of fuch houfekeep* er, of all weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, which (hall be in fuoh dwelling-houfe, for or at the ufe or difpofal of hich alien, within a time to be limited in fuch notice, or a certificate fubferibed in like manner, that none of the articles aforefaid ait therein to be found, as the cafe may be; and that every fuch houfekeeper negleding or refilling -	-	:	1	-	to

L lieutenant may fend any alien ou( of this realm as herein.

Alien* Gent out of this realm a id afterwards found in ir, tran (ported for life.

*The proof of an alien, 5*c. to be mude as 1 herein.

Tbt tfotfjhqrd	HI*

to jetum fuqb account j*b afor^Caii, or ^o fh^U knowiqgly either return a falfe account of the particulars aforglaid, otf falfely certify that none of UjoparticmWs afiqcefaid are therein, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of qne haired poundsj and if he or fhe fhall negleft or tefufe to make fuch certificate as a fore laid, s^hough none of the particulars aforefaid be therein, he or (he (hall forfeit apd p$y the fum.of five pounds; fuch p^nalt'ies to be respectively recovered before any one or more juft ice or juftiqs* of the peaee, pn the qafh of pne or more credible witnefs or wiuiefles ; one moiety whereof refpeftively (hall h? tp the informer or informers, and the other mpiety to the poor of the pariih in which fuch dwell-ing-houfe (hall be fitu^te.	V

XXIX.	Apd be it further qnafted by thp authority afo^e-fajd, That it (hall and may be lawful fpr the lord lieutenant or other chief governor of Ireland, whenever he (hall deem it nrceffary for the public fafiqty, 10 fend out of this realm any alien as aforefaid, who (hall haye b$£P committed jtb any gaol, by warrant under the hands ^nd fcajs of any juft ice of the peace, mayor, or chief magiftrate refpeftively, in manner herein mentioned 5 qr who (1#11 he imprifoned in execution of any fentenpe pafTed upon fuch alien |or any qffence againft this aft, or who (hall have been admitted to baih

XXX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-

fqid, That if any alien fent out of this realm, by command of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor, (haH return and be found 3* large within this realri}, every fuch alien (haU on conviftion thereof, i# his Majefty's court 6f hmgVbcnch, or in any court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, be adjudged to be tianfported for life.	'

XXXt- 4nd h? h further enafted by the authority afore* faid, That in all cafes concerning the execution of this aft, when any queftion (}taH arife, whether any perfon is or ii not an alien horn,' not having obtained l^tt^rs patent of denization, nor haying been naturalised by aft of parliament, or whether fuch alien is or is not an alien merchant, or whether fuch alien did or did not arrive in this kingdom, on or t>efore the firft day of January, ppe thoufand ftven hundred <md runetv-twq, or di^ or did not re fid^ therein for two years cpntipually, pfeyiqus to the iprft dqyof Janoanr, one thoufeqd (even hun&redfmd ninety-two, or is or is not fuch a domeftie jervapt a? afqrcfajd* t&e proof of b^ing a natural-borq fubjeft of his Majefty, his heirs and fucqdfor^, or of bfling a depizen by letters patent, or of naturalization by of parliament, or of being an alien merchant oxt pf haxiog arrived within this

!kingdom, bn or before the firft	Jan^ry* one thou-

aud feven hundred and niaetj-twfy qr o? h^ymg continually been refident for two years, previous to the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-ttyo, or of being

*fh* thirty-third Tear of George HJ.

log frich a domeftip fervant as afore faid, (hall lie upon the per* ipn touching whom fuch queftion (hall fo arife.

XXXIL And be it enaded hy the authority afprefaid. That no perfon (hall be deemed an alien merchant, within the true intent and meaning of this ad, except fuoh perfon as (hah be bqnq juk engaged ip carrying on trade or commerce, by exporting or unpqrting merchandize, from or intQ this kingdom, foekicg his or heiTliving thereby, or fuch perfon as having been bqnq jide engaged in trade or commerce in foreign parts^ and continuing engaged in fuch trade or commerce, or being employed as agent or fador by any fuch perfon in foreign parts, (hall refort to this kingdom bona fide for the purpofc of tranfadiog the bufinefs of the faid trade or commerce, in which fuch perfon in foreign parts (hall have been and (hall be (b engaged as aforefaicL

XXXIII. Provided ajways, and be it enaded, That no-thingin this ad contained mall ailed any alien in refped of any ad done, or omitted, who fhall make it appear, that he or (he was not a^ove the age of fourteen years at die time of fuch ad done or omitted.

XX XIV. And he it furtKef enaded by the authority afore-faid. That all certificates, pais-ports, notices, and licenfes herein before required to be given by any colledor, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuftoms, or by any juilice pr jufticesaf the peace, or other magiftrates refpedively, (hall he given without any fee or reward whatsoever.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any pafs-port or certificate iffued to any alien by virtue of this ad, (hall be loft, miflaid, oi deftroyed, and fuch alien (hall produce to one of his Majefty’s justices of tb* peace, from the office of the chief fecretary of the lord lieutenant, a copy of the pafc-port or certificate fo Joft, miflaid, or deftroyed, and (hall make it appear to the fatisfadion of fuch juilice, that he or (he is the perfon named in fuch pafs-port or certificate, and that the fame ha3 been loft, miflaid, or deftroyed, without his or her wilful neglcd or default, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juilice, and he is hereby required to grant to (uch alien, a frefti pafs port or certificate, which (hall be of the like force and effed, as the pafs-port pr certificate fo loft, miflaid, or deftroyed.

XXXVI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes in which any perfon (hall be adjudged to be tranfported, the tranfportatioa (baH be adjudged to be, and fnall be to fuch place or places as the lord lieutenant and privy council (hall dired or appoint.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority jdbrefaid, That in cafe any perfon ordered or adjudged to

4	be

Alien i»ci> /

Not to aJFedfc alien* under the age of 14.

No fee for any certificate, dec. hereby required.

Jf paffportf, dec. be foil or deftroyed ,other» may be granted, a# herein.

Tranfportition to fuch places, as herein.

Perfons found at large, after fentence of tranfportation,

49°

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

A. D.

death.

Jnftircs may ifibc warrant* of di&refcfor pe» ctmiary penalties aa herein.

5793-

% Chap. i.

^fhall fufFer

V

> ’

. appellants ta jiw Eunice as herein.

Sorts i$ heff-ilL

be tranfported, (hall be found at large within this kingdom, after fcntence of tranfportation pronounced, he (hall be guflty of felony, and (hall fufFer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XXXVIJI. And be ft further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any juflice Or juftices of the peace, before whom any pecuniary penalties fhall be recovered in purfuance of this aft,* in cafe the fame fhall not be forthwith paid, to award and ifftie warrants of diftrefs refpeftively, for tnc levying of fuch oecu-niary penalties upon the goods and chatties of any offender or offenders, and to cante fale to be made of fuch goods and chatties, if they fhall not be redeemed within fourteen days, rendering to fuch offender or offenders the overplus, (if any there be) and for want of fufhcient diftrefs, t.i im-prifon the party offending till fati&faftron be made; and that if either think hint or themfelves aggrieved by any judgment #>r order to be given or made by any jufticeof the peace afttngin purfuance of this aft, touching any pecuniary penalty relating to the fame, if fhall and may be lawful to and for ftich perfon or perfons to appeal from the feme, to the jfiftices affembled at the next general or quarter feffinns to be holden for the county or county of a city, or town where fuch judgment or order fhall have been made, who fhall finally determine the fame, and no writ of certiorari fhaH be allowed to remove the proceedings of the faid juft ices, touching the pecuniary penalties aforefaid.

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the party or parties fo appealing as aforefaid, fhall give notice in writing, by the fpacc of fix dap next before fuch feffion fhall be helden, as aforefaid, unto the other party or parties of his, her, or their intention to bring fuch appeal; and that it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftices, fo affembled, to award cofts to either party, as they fhall in their diferetion think fit, to be levied by warrant of the faid juftices, or any two or more of them, on the goods and chatties of the party or parties againft whom the fame fhall be awarded; provided alfo, that in cafe there be not the fpace of fix days between the firft judgment or order of any juftice or juftices, and the quarter or general fdfions then next following, that then fuch* appeal may be made at the fecond general or quarter feffions after inch judgment or order made.

XI*. And be it farther enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall at any time be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of, or by colour of this aft, or of any matter

3	#	<*

tjzed by

Google

The thirty-tbsrJ Tear of George III,	49*

or thing therein contained, fuch aftion or profecution (hall be commenced within the fpace of three months next after the offence fhall be committed; aud fuch peifon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if upon trial a verdift fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, or fhall dif-continue his or their fuit or profecution, or if judgment be given for the defendant dr defendants upon demurrer or other-wife, fuch defendant or defendants fhall have double coftsta him or them awarded againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XLI. Provided alfd, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the in habitants of any parifh or place (hall be deemed and taken to be competent witneffes for the;col»pet*at wit-purpofc of proving the commiflion of any offence againft ca* -this aft, -within the limits of fuch parifh or place* notwith-ftanding any part of the penalty incurred by fuch offence Is	-	-

given or applicable to the poor of fuch parifh or place.

XLIT- And be it further enafted by the authority afore- infon* a* . laid* That this aft fhall have continuance until the firft day herein, of January, one thoufand leven hundred and ninety-four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffiop of parliament, and no longer.

XLIII. And he it further enafted by the authority	___

aforefaid, That natural-boni fubjefts of Ireland, who have

ferved, or are ferving, or have borne a commiflion in the fcrvcd in

armies of any foreign prince or ftate, and have not received foreign armies

his Majefty’s pardon for fuch offence, and fhall come into deejajd aikot

this kingdom after the thirtieth day of January, one thou- as ^rcul*

fand feven hundred and ninety-three, without Hcenfefroin

his Majefly, fignified by one of his principal fecretaries of

(late, under his hand and feal, or from the chief governor

of Ireland, under his hand and feal, every fuch peifon fhall

be fubjeft to all the claufes of this aft, as if he were aq

alien bom,

A* IX

fxxha&haota of any pariBi, &c.

1793-Chap. T* J

CHAP

Digitized by

Google

W**bvty4kkdrsarif Gouge 1H.

JL D.

CHAP. III.

jt* A& for indemnifying fucb Pet font at have aSed for the Service of tjj* fuhttc, in advjfing or carrying into Rxeaetwn Three Jeveral proclamation* of the fond Lieutenant and - Council of tbif Kingdom^ hearing Date the Tvrenty-fixtb Day of December^ One tboufand /even hundred and ninety-toon, and the Seventeenth Day sf January, One tboufandJe%ten hundred and ninety-three rfbc&iyfly, and for ejlabtfbueg cei-

itrin Bunds therein woUonch	'

(A December, in the year pf opr lord one thouiand feveq hundred and nipety*two, did older that an ctahargp (hoold he forthwith laid os all (hips and udjCds laden, or to be laden in the ports of Ireland with corn, (Jour, meal, mak, beef, pork, tallow, or any other natal faret from the date thereof, pntil foxther order to the contrary, but did at the fame time fignify their pfeafure that thp faid embargo (hould not extend /to any foiporseffd laden, or to be laden as aforefeid, with vOito or oatmeal, to any port in Great Britain, or to any (hip or vdTd Wen, or to he laden with any of the before men-aionednrtidea, to he carried coaftways from any port in this kingdom, to any other port within the fame ; and whereas the (aid lord lieutenant and council, by another proclamation on die (aid tweety-fixth day of December, did order that an embargo (hould be laid on all (hips or veffels laden, end to be laden in the (aid ports of Ireland, with gunpowder, foU-petxe, or any fort of arms or ammazutioq, from the date thereof until farther order to the ooptrary : and where* as the faid lord lieutenant and council, by another proclamation on the feventeenth day of January, one thqjjfand (even hundred and ninety-three, did order that all provisions laden, or to be laden on board any (hip or veffel fitting out in any port in this kingdom, necefiary for the maintenance of the crew of fuck mip or veffel, upon the voyage on which fuch (hip or veifel (hail be bound ; and a}fo all com, flour, meal, malt, beef, pork, tallow, or naval (lores, laden or to be laden on board any (hip or veffd, for any port in Great Britain$ and alfo all (hips and veffels laden, or to be. . laden with corn, flour, meal, malt, beef or pork, to aoy of his Majefty’s plantations, colonies or fettleifofnts, forts

f

HEREA$ (he lord lieutenant and council of tfcjb kingdom, by a proclamation on the twenty-fixth day

pr garrjfons in America, the Weft Indies pn the coaft of \	*	Africa,

The thirty-third Tear of George IflL

Africa, the irtahd of Saint Helena, or etferhere' otJt tf fcurope, or for the fupply of the fifher^ at Newfoundland, fcnay notwitliftanding the faid embargo, and umff Anther order to the contrary, be exported fro*v this kingdom opanr certain conditions therein. mentioned ; and tile fan] kml lieutenant and council did alio order, that an embargo be forthwith laid upon all, (hips and vefleledaden, or to beTadea in the porta in this kingdom, with potatoes, rid that the (aid embargo do remain upon fuch /hips and veflels, until' further order, which' proclamations though not joftiflsMe by law, were fo much for the fcrvice ot the pubHc, that they ou^ht to be juftified by ad of parliament, and all per-foos adviling and adtng in obedience to the fame, indemnified ; be it enaded by the King’s molt excellent Majjefty* by and with the advice and content of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament *f-femblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That all per-fonal actions and fuits, and all indfdments, informations, nod all profecutiona, and proceedings whatfoever, which have been, or (hall be profecuted or commenced againft any perfon pr perfons whomsoever, for or by reafon of any ad, matter or thing, advifed, commanded, appointed or done, or to be commanded, appointed or done, in relation to the

Eremife* ; or of any contrad or agreement, not performed y means of, or in obedience to fuch proclamations, or any of them, be, are, and (hall be difehatged, and made void, by virtu* of this ad; and that all and every perfon and perfons, in any wife concerned in ifluing the faid proclatnaw tious, or any of them as aforefaid, or in any wife adfng therein, or in purfuance thereof, (hall be, and every fuch perfon is hereby acquitted, difeharged, and inrf-mnified ofi and from the fame.; and that if any adion or Juit fhall be profecuted or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any fiich ad, matter or thing, fo advifed, commanded, appointed or done, or to be commanded, appointed or done ; or fuch contrad or agreement not performed, he, (he, or they may plead the general iflue, and give this ad, and the fpecial matter in evidence ; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any adion or fuit profecuted or commenced, or to be pro-ftcuted or commenced, after the twenty-fixth day of December aforefaid, (hall become nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer difcontinuance, or if a verdid pafs agaiuft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall recover his, her, or their double cofts, for which he, (he, or they fhall have the fame remedy as in cafes where cofts by law arc given to defendants; and whereas fince the ifluing of the faid firft recited proclamation, laying an embargo

Mr Dt

Chap. 5.

Suits, See. commenced by reafon of any thing done in relation to the pretftUfcs voidj

and perfect* herm concerned «

Sc c.

Digitized by

Google

49*

U lieutenant ami council may ’aaa faid

■ bctcin.

In force as herein.

Tie thirtjjhird Ye*r of Gtgorc III.

fc«rgo on corn, flour and provifions, feveral order* have been made by the lord lieutenant and council, to permit the exportation of certain cargoes and parcels of com and pro vinous, upon the exporters thereof executing bonds to his Majefty, conditioned that fuch cargoes and parcels (hall be landed at places mentioned in fuch orders refpe£tively ; and it may be neceflary to make like orders, and to aocept h*ke bonds during the continuance of the faid embargo, 3Dd doubts may arife touching the validity of fuch bonds, for removing fuch doubts ; be it enadted by the authority afore-£Jd, That all bonds, heretofore executed in obedience of, or purfuant to fuch orders of the lord lieutenant and council, or which (hall be executed during the continuance of the (aid embargo on Corn and provifions, purfuant to orders of the lord lieutenant and council, for the exportation of corn, grain, flour, or other provifions prohibited by the faid proclamation to be exported; and alfo all bonds heretofore executed, or hereafter to be executed, in obedience of, or purfuant to the laid lad recited proclamation, (hall be, and are hereby declared to be good and valid in the law, to all intents and pur-pofes whatfoever.	^	*

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid lord' lieutenant and council, to continue the faid proclamations re-fpeftively in force, fo long as (hall to them appear neceflary for the public fervice, and to make exceptions therefrom, of fuch articles thereby prohibited to be exported, and to give permiflion for the exportation of fuch articles, to fuch places, as may to them from time to time, appear neceflary or expedient.

III.	Provided always, That the faid proclamations lhall not continue in force longer than until the firil day of the next ieffion of parliament, to be holden in this kingdom.

CHAP.

Digitized by CjOOQle

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

CHAP. VI.

495 A, D.

An A3 for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar.

XXTJHEREAS fuch part of the trade between this * * kingdom, and the Britifh colonies in America and the Weft Indies, as was not enjoyed by this kingdom, previous to the twenty-fifth day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, can be enjoyed, and have continuance fo long, and in fuch refpe&ive cafes only as the goods, or any of them to be imported from the faid colonies or plantations into this kingdom, or to be exported from this kingdom to the faid colonies or plantations, fhall be liable to equal duties and drawbacks, and be fubjedt to the fame fccurities, regulations, and reftri&ions, as the like goods are liable and fubjeft to upon being imported from the faid colonies or plantations into Great Britain, or exported from thence to fuch colonies refpectively ; be it en-a&ed by the King’s moll excellent Majetty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if it (hall appear by notice in the Dublin Gazette, in manner hereafter dire&ed,	<»

on the Saturday next following the third Wednefday in the teJSnoe^^ months of June, and O&ober refpe&ively, in the year one herein, «ce.

\ thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and if it (hall in like manner appear on the Saturday next following the third Wednefday in the months of February, June, and O&ober tefpedlively in every fucceeding year, that the average price of brown of mufeovado fugar, exclufive of the duty paid, or payable thereon, on the importation thereof into this kingdom, fuch average price to be made up and taken in manner herein after mentioned, (hall exceed two pounds fourteen (hillings and two pence, for an hundred weight thereof, then and in every fuch cafe the drawback now allowed, or which may hereafter be allowed on the exportation from this kingdom, of fugar of the growth or produce of the Britifh plantations, (hall from thenceforth ceafe to be allowed and paid on any fugar which fhall be exported thenceforth after the end of one day from the port of Dublin, and after the end of three days from any other port ia this kingdom, until the fecond, fourth, and fixth days re-fpe&ively, after new average prices (hall have been made up and computed upon the fix lad weekly returps, and no-

' tided

Digitized by LjOOQle

If fbgar be entered out* wards, and (hipping began, bounty allowed ms herein.

Quantities of fttrars allowed tone exported to places herein.

$%e tbrtj'third Yttfir of George fit.

tified in the Dublin Gazette, in manner herein diretflFed z and the bounty now payable, or \vhich may hereafter be payable on the exportation ffbm this kingdom, of refined fugar produced from Mufcovado fugar, imported from his Majefty's plantations in America or Great Britain, (ball ccafc to be allowed andi paid on any fuch refined fugar which (hall be exported thenceforth after the end of twenty-nine days from the port of Dublin, and after the end of thirty-one days from any other port in this kingdom, until the thirtieth, thirty-fecond, and thirty-fourth days refpec-tively, after new average prices fhall have bCeri made up and computed upon the fix bit weekly returns, and notified in the Dublin Gazette, in manner herein dire&ed, except fuch fugar (hall be exported to Great Britain* or to fome other part of the Britiih dominions.

II.	Provided always, arid be it e'na&ed, That if any per-fon (hall hai e entered outwards any fuch fugar* and fhall have begun to (hip or lade the fame onboard during the time that the price of fugar taken add notified in manner herein dirc&ed, (hall be under thd fum at which the drawback and bounty (hall ceafe to be allowed, and psfid on the exportation of fuch fugar at any of the aforefaid ports refpe&ively, fuch perfon (hall be allowed to export, and to receive the drawback for the fugar actually (hipped or laden 6n board for exportation, although the price of fugar may have rifen to the fum at which the drawback and bounty fhall ceafe to be allowed and paid on the exportation thereof, after fuch perfon (hall have begnn to (hip the fame, and before the exportation thereof, proof in fuch cafe being made by the exporter upon the debenture, that the fald fugar was really and hcnafde (hipped or laden on board.

III.	And be it enabled, That whenever (h^ drawback or bounty on fugar, (hall not be allowed according to the pro-vifions of this ad, it (hall not be' lawful to export to the ifiands of Gucrnfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark* or Mart, dur-ing any four months in which fuch drawback (hall not be allowed, any greater quantity of brown or Mufcovado fugar* than fixty hundred weight to Gucrnfey, fixty hundred weight to Jerfey, ten hundred weight to AWeriicy and Satk, sttd forty hundred weight to the ilk of Man, and that whfcocv£r the bounty on fugar fhall not be allowed according to the pio-vifions of this act, it (hall not be lawful to export to the faid ifiands during any four months, in which' (uch houtity (hall not be allowed, any greater quantity of refined fugar than two hundred hundred yveight to Guernfey, two hundred hundred weight to Jerfey, thirty-three hqndred weight-to Alderney and Sark, and one hunched hundred weight to' tbeifie of Man#

IV.	And

Digitized by v^-ooQle

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

IV. And be it ena&ed, That the prices of fuch brown or Mufcovado fugar fhall from time to time be afcertained and taken in manner herein after mentioned, that is to fay, every importer or importers of fuch fugar within the diftri& of the metropolis of Dublin, who fhall after the tenth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, by himfclf or themfelves, his or their fwom broker, or anv 1 M crew, other agent afting in his or their behalf, buy or fell any fuch brown or Mufcovado fugar, (hall and is hereby required by himfelf or themfelves, his or their fworn broker, or any Other agent a&ing in his or their behalf, to deliver in upon oath before the lord mayor, or any of the aldermen of the faid city of Dublin, (which oath the faid lord mayor, or aldermen, are hereby refpeftively authorized to adminifter) to the perfon for the time being, who fhall be appointed re-gifler of the prices of fugar, on or before Wednefday in every week, a true account of the quantities of fuch brown or Mufcovado fugar bought or fold by him or them, his, her, or their fworn broker, or any other agent afting in his or their behalf, in the preceding week, fpccifying the name of the fhip in which fuch fugar was imported, and the name of the captain of fuch fhip, and alfo the marks and packages, and the fum total of the net landing weights of fuch lugar, as far as the fame can be made out, and the price paid for each quantity refpe&ively, and the faid regifler (hall, and he is hereby required to compute and make up in every week from the accounts fo delivered to him of the faid quantities and prices of fuch fugar, bought or fold by fuch importer or importers, his or their fworn broker, or any other agent adHng in his or their behalf, in the week immediately preceding, the average price of fuch fugar, and fhall caufe fuch average price to be publifhed every Saturday in - the Dublin Gazette, and the faid regifter fhall, and he is hereby required to compute and make up on the third Wednefday in the months of June and O&ober, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and on the third Wednefday in the months of February, June, and O&ober in every fucceeding year, from the account* fo delivered to him, of the quantities and prices of fuch fugar fo bought or fold in the lix weeks immediately preceding, the average price of fuch fugar during the faid fix weeks; and the faid regifter fhall, and he is hereby required to caufe the average price of fuch fugar during the faid fix weeks, taken in the manner herein before mentioned, to be publiflied on tfte Saturday immediately following the Wednefday on which he is directed to compute and make up the faid average price in the Dublin Gazette ; and fuch average price fhall be deemed and taken to be the price of brown or Mufcovado fugar, for the purpofe of regulating the allowing of the drawback on Vol. IX.	I	i	the

497

A. D.

^793-Chap. 0.

Prices after-

-Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty-third Tedr of George ill.

the exportation of fugar of the Britifh plantation*, and

the payment of the bounty on the exportation of refined fugar, produced from Mu Torn ado fugar imported from hi* Majefty’s plantations in America or Great Bri:ain, for the fcveral periods respectively, in the banner herein before di-

V.	And be it enabled, That a regilby or booh fltafi be kept by the faid regifter, containing all the accounts fo received by him, fi om time to time, from the importer or importers, his or their fvvorn broker, or any other agent acting ita his or their behalf, and of the average prices by him computed and made up from the fame, which regittry or book flia.ll and may, at convenient times, be infpc&ed by any ptr-fon or perfons whatever, upon paying the fee of or.e thiHing* and no more, for the fame.

VI.	And be it cna&ed, That if any importer ot import-agent oeg)e£hng or any fNVorn bioker, or other agent ailing in his or

behalf, (hall refufe or neglect to deliver in upon oath, caik, a&herein, h true account of the quantities of brown and Mufcovado fugar by him or them bought ot fold, fpeclfying the^naroc of the (hip in which fitch fugar was imported, and the name of the captain of fuch fnip, and a^fo the marks and package^

^ and the fum total of the net landing weights of fuch fugar, as far as the fame can he made out, and the price paid for each quantity Mpcttively, f a? herein before required, he, they, or any of them, being the acltial “buyer or feller of ftich fugar, fhall forfeit and pay for every caik of fugar for. \vhich he or they)hafi fo refufe or neglect to deliver in an ac count, the turn of forty (hillings, to any perfon w ho (hall pro-feeutc and fuefor the fame, to be recovered before the lord mayor, or any alderman of the faid city, 6n the oath of any on£ or more credible wltnefs or witnefTes,

VII.	And be it enacted. That before any brown orMtaf* conditioned as cova<lo fugar (hall be exported on drawback, or any refined herein, &c. fugar (hall be fcxDortcd on bounty from this kingdom, to any

part of the Britifh dominions, according to the provifionsof this a&, the exporter or exporters thereof (hall become bound to his Majefty, liis heirs and fuceeiTors, in a bond, together with the matter or perfon having or taking the charge or command of the (hip cr veJTVI in which fuch fagvs refpcAively arc inteoded to be exported; and alfo with onefuf-ficient furety, to be approved hy the colleftoror other chief oiiicer at the port of exportation, hi treble the value thereof, with condition that fuch fugars refpe&ivcly fo exported, (hall be landed at the refpe&ive poAs or places for which the fame (hall have been entered, and (hall not be relandeJ m(any part of this kingdom, nor be landed or fold in the tfie of Man, or lauded or fold hk the ifijuds.of Gueimqy. Jerfey*

. t	'

Regiftry to be kept at hereia.

Importer or

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

499 A. D.

Alderney, or Sark, unlefs exported from the faid ifiands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark and Man refpedlively^ 1793. under the provisions and regulations of this ad ; and fucti Chap. 6* bonds (hall be difchargtd in the manner herein after mention-ed, that is to fay, for fuch of the faid fugars refpedlively, as (hall be entered for, or landed in any part of Europe, the condition of the bond (hall be to bring a certificate in discharge thereof, within fix months from the date of the	x

bond, and for fuch of the faid fugars refpedlively, as fhall be entered for, or landed in any part of Africa, and on this fide the Cape of Good Hope, or any part of America* within eighteen month’s from the date of the bond, and for fuch of the faid fugars refpedlively, as (hall be entered for, tor landed at Saint Helena, or in any port or place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hope,, within thirty months after the date of the bond, which faid certificate for fuch of the faid fugars refpedlively as fhall be landed in any port or place in any part of his Majefly’s dominions, plantations, or fettlements, where any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms (hall be refident, fliall be figned by the proper officer or officers of his Majefty's cuftoms there, certifying that fuch fugars refpedlively were there landed, and for want of fuch officer refiding there, it fhall then be figned by the govenior of fuch ifiands, dominions, plantations or fettlements, or in hiy abfence by the deputy-governor thereof refpedlively ; and in the ifiands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark^and Man, it (kail in all cafes be .figned by the governor, or deputy-govcvntor thereof, as well as by the proper officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms ; and fuch bond may alfo be dif-charged, upon proof made to the fatisfadlion of the com-miffioners of the revenue for the time being, that fuch fugars refpedlively, were taken by enemies, or perifhed in the leas.

VIII.	Provided always, and be itenadled, That no draw- No drawback, hick or bounty fhall Ije paid or allowed, for or upon any &c. for fugar of fuch fugars refpedlively, exported according tb the pro- exported to vifions of this adl, from this kingdom, to the faid ifiands ^nns^ex<e"t of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, or to any herein. * other part of the Britilh dominions refpedlively, nor auy ‘debenture made out for fuch drawback or bounty, until a certificate fhall be produced from the regifter of certificates, or other chief officer of the cuftoms in v the faid ifiands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, and Man refpedlively, or under the hands and feals of the colledlor, comptroller, and furveyor of the cuftoms, or any two of them belonging to any port in any other part of the Britifh dominions where fuch. fugar fhall have been landed, certifying that the fame I i 2	has

5°®	The	thirty-third Tear of George 11L

A. D. has been landed there, any law, cuftora, or ufage to the cob-1793- tiany notwithflanding.

Chap. 6. IX. And be it cnaded, That fugar not of the Britifb plantations, when imported into this kingdom, in Iri(h or fcogar from	Britifh	built (hips, owned, rcgiftcred, and navigated accord-

in^Europe	t0	^rom any country or place not in Europe, (hall

may be ei/tertJ	may upon the importation thereof into any port in this

as herein. kingdom, where by law tobacco may be warehoufed upon being duly entered, be forthwith landed from on board the thip or veffel, in which the fame fhall be fo imported, in the prefence of the proper officer or officers of the revenue, at the port in which the fame fhall be fo imported, without payment of any duty whatever ; provided that an exa& ac* i count be taken of the weight thereof, and entered in a book to be kept for that purpofc, by the proper officer at the (aid port, and that the fame fhall upon landing, be immediately lodged and fccurcd under the joint locks of his Majefty,yad the importer or proptietot thereof, in fuch warehoufes as fhall be fit for that purpofe, to be provided at the foie ex-(	pence	of the importer or proprietor of fuch fugar, with the

approbation, and under the care and infpedion of the conv-miffionen of the revenue, or the colledor at the port where fuch fugar fhall be imported, and fuch fugar may be again exported dire&ly from fuch warehoufes without payment of any duty whatever; provided fuch fugar be duly entered for exportation, and regularly fhipped and exported according to the laws in force, at the time of exporting fuch fugar, but if Inch fugar fhall be intended to be taken out of fuch warehoufes to be ufed or confumed in this kingdom, the importer or proprietor fhall firft pay to the proper officer fuch duties as fhall be then payable by law on the importation into this kingdom of fuch fugar.

In force as X. Provided always, and be it enaded, That this ad tacrcia.	fhall	continue	in	force fo long only as an ad pafTed in the

parliament of Great Britain, in the thirty-fecond year of th* reign of his prefent Majdly, entitled, jin aQ for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of fugar, and for permitting the importation of fugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda tflands in foreign Jh*ps% fhall continue in force, and no longer.

CHAP.

Digitized by booQle

The thirty-third Tear of George IIL

CHAP. X.

S»i

' A. D-

An A3 for confirming, amending, and enlarging the Powers Defied in the Corporation for promoting and carrying on the Newry Navigation.

WHEREAS by an aft pafTed in the twenty-feventh .

year of his present Majefty's reign, entitled. An a8 ^	27	'

for dsrcQing the application of the funds granted ly parliament,	*

for promoting and carrying on itdand navigations in this king-dom, and for the purpofes therein mentioned, it was amongit other things enafted, That the corporation for promoting and carrying on the inland navigations in Ireland, fhould ceafe, be void, and diffolved ; and that all canals, naviga* tions, trackways, wears, lands and houfes adjoining thereto, locks, (lores, and implements whatever, belonging to the laid corporation, fhould be feverally and relpedively veiled > in the perfons who fhould happen to be local commifTioners of each feveral navigation, at the time of fuch diflblution ; and • his grace the lord primate, the governor or lieu tenant-go Ve:- ‘ nor, and cufiodcs rotulorum of the counties of Down,

Armagh, Tyrone, Londonderry and Antrim, the Knights of the fhires, and all the members of parliament for the Several and refpeftive boroughs within the faid five counties, and all other members of either houfc of parliament refiding within any of the faid recited counties, together with the lords of the feveral manors through which the faid canal pafles, and the fenefchal and colled or of Newry, all for the time being; andalfo lord vifeount Powerfcourt, lord Caftle-ftewart, the honourable Thomas Knox, William Stewart, efquire, James Caulfield, efquire, John Staples, efquirc, and Alexander Richardfon, were thereby conflicted and appointed commifiioners for managing, direfting, improving* repairing, and governing tlie faid navigation from Loughqeagh to the fea, below Fathom point, and it was thereby enaded, that the faid commifiioners fhould be a cor* poration for promoting and carrying on the Newry navigation; and that all rights, powers, and authorities, which were veiled in the corporation for prompting and carrying on inland navigation in Ireland, fo far as the fame were necef-£ary to enable the faid corporation by the faid aft appointed to manage, direft, and improve, repair and govern the faid navigation, from Loughneagh to the fea, below Fathom point, fhould be, and the fame were thereby veiled in the hid corporation for promoting and carrying on the laid

Newry

t

fo much of *7 G 3. c 30. a§ relates to New ry navigation confirmed, &c.

The thirty 4htrd Year of George 111.

Newry navigation ; and it was thereby amongft other thing* enabled, that all trackways, wears, lands, and houfes adjoining thereto, locks* ftores, and implements whatever, belonging to the afoiefaid navigation, and all right thereto ; an$l all and every the like powers add authorities for levying and colle&trg, and all fuch tolls, rates, duties, fines, penalties and forfeitures, which had been, or fhould be impofed thereon, with the penalties for enforcing their better collection, fhould be, and were thereby veiled in the faid corporation for promoting and carrying on the Newry navigation, in as full and ample a manner, as the fame could or might have been railed or coTle&ed by the corporation for promoting and carrying on inland navigations in Ireland, or any of their officers or fervcuts to be by them employed ifi improving, repairing, and maintaining the faid navigation : And whereas the faid Newry navigation has been found mofl highly beneficial, and the deepening and widening the prefent canal, and extending the fafd navigation below Fathom, further towards the deep water of the fea, would be highly advantageous ; be it ena&ed by the King’* mod excellent Majedy, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this pTefent Parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid a61 of the twenty-feventh year of hh prefent Majedy, fo far as the fame relates to the faid corporation for promoting and carrying on the faid Newry navigation, and the edate, property, power and authorities thereby granted to the faid corporation be, and the fame ar.d every part thereof is, and are hereby confrmed ; and that the faid corporation fhail have perpetual fucceffion ar.d a common feal, and by the name of the corporation for promoting and carrying on the Newry navigation, may fue and be fued, and (hall be capable in law to purchafe and take ttufliragrs, lands, tenements and hereditaments, not exceeding the Value of five hnndred pounds a year, at the time of filch ptir-ohafe; and to grant, alien, demife, or difpofe of the fame, or any part thereof, at their free will and pleafure ; and further, that the faid corporation be, end are hereby empowered and fully authorifed by themfelvcs and their agents, overfeers, workmen and fervants, to deepen and widen iu filch manner, as to them fhall feem proper, and carry on and complete the faid navigation, from Lotighneagh to the fea, below Fathom 1 J?6int ; and further to extend the faid davigation, by making a navigable canal frbm 'Fathom in the county of Armagh, to the fea, inter ffyland fiver, in the barony of Lower Dimdaflt, in the county of Louthrj and from that part of the rWer Banir, gaHed Baon Fttot, tb that fart of the Black Water,	thfe Blackwater	Foot,

Tit thkrij^tkirJ Taxr *f GeorgT III.

n the baronies' of QiKikfid, i* the fed conpty of Armagh ; and further* that the fed corporation be, and are hereby empowered and anthorifed to make ftich banks, trackway®, towing paths* drains and navigable cuts, and off-hranches, from fuch part or parts of the aforefaid line of navigation, as may appear to them expedient; and to open all rivers and lakes, md make all ftich outlets* inlets, and either off branches, cuts, drains, and navigations, relenroirq, pafiages, dams and wears, as may by the laid corporation be judged neerffary, for carrying pn th^ fed works, and Applying the fed navigation and uff-branches with water.

II.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That k (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid corporation, meetings fur and that they thall hold a general meeting within twenty-one p«n>oi«k> dayamext after the paffing of this ad ; and (hall for ever ** “^dn. hereafter hold two general meetings in every year, in the {aid town of Newryy namely on the hrH Monday in January, a^r,/{r(l Monday in May in every year, iu the town of Newry, and alfo two general meetings in every year, on the firft Monday in Aug.uil, and the firff Mopday in November, at fome convenient place to be appointed on or near the head level of the laid canal, and from time to time to adjourq fuch aflemblies, and at fuch aflemblies or any adjournment thereof, to make fuch bye-laws, rules, or orders, for the Letter government of their alfers, and of their members, and for making inch contrad and contrads, agreement and agreements, and for appointing fuch officers, fervants, apd perfons for carrying on the faid navigation, and the trade thereof, and thereon as they (hall think fit, and to vary or repeal fuch bye-laws, rules and orders, and to make new ones for the good and ordeily ufuig and improving the (aid navigation, and for fettling the wages, and for the well governing the lock keepers, feamen, bargemen, watermen, boatmen, bridge-keepers, turnpike-keepers, and all other officers, fervants, and perfons to be appointed or employed by the (aid corporation, and the conveyance, carriage, and prefervation of goods to be conveyed upon, or by the faid Canal, and to impqfe reafouable fines and forfeitures to be levied by fuch ways and mefans as the faid cotporatiop (hail direct, fa as no fuch fine Afel exceed five pounds upon apy perkin fbr one offence, and the faid bye-laws (hall be put intp writing under the leal of the faid corporation, and (hall be binding to, and be obferyed .by all pal ties, and (hall he fulfil cieot in any court of law or equity, to judify all perfons who fhafi ad under the fame,. or in levying any perjafiy. or forfeiture thereby incurred.

111.	And be it eoaefed, That to corj(liujt£ foefi general ** m' n^cr# , r i r .,	*	,i	ti	to	comta ve

meeting, twcaiy-onc members of the fed corporation (hall neral meeting,

2	’	attend	&t.

Gtnenl

504 A. D.

1793-

Chap. 10.

Bye-laws not to be contrary to Uwsof realm.

Notice of genera) meetings to be given as herein.

Firft bufinef* at general meeting to ratify, alter, or annul proceedings at lad meeting.

Corporation may borrow meaey as herein.

The thirty-third Tsar of George IIL •

attend and bSe prefent, and if fuch number of members do not attend, then it (hall and may be lawful for fuch members of faid corporation as do attend, or if no members thereof do attend, for the fecretary of faid corporation to adjourn the meeting, and to call a new general meeting of faid cor. poration within fourteen days from the time of the (aid adjournment, giving fix days notice of fuch meeting in the Bclfait and Newry newfpapers, to the members of laid corporation.

IV.	Provided always. That the (aid bye-laws (hall not be contrary to the laws and datutes of this realm, and that no byc-law or laws (hall be made or agreed to, or repealed or altered by the faid corporation at the fame meeting, at which fuch bye-law was propofed to be made, repealed, or altered.

V.	Provided always. That ten days notice at the lead, including the day of fuch notice, and the day of meeting, previous to fuch meeting (hall be given and publifhci:^n the Belfad and Newry newfpapers, of the time and place of holding fuch general aflemblies ; but nothing herein costained (hall be condrued to extend to prevent the faid corporation adjourning from day to day, or for any longer time, without giving any fuch notice in the newfpapers.

VI.	And be it ena&ed. That on every fuch general meeting, the (irft bufmefs to be done, (hall be to read, rati- * fy, or confirm, or difapprovc, vary, alter, change, or annul the proceedings, rules, orders, or regulations, which (hall have been made at the lad general meeting of the faid corporation, or at any intermediate aflembly or afTemblies thereof: Provided always, That at every fuch general quarterly meeting or adjournment thereof, and at every general meeting to be called as herein after is dire&cd, or adjournment thereof, there (hall be prefent in perfon twenty-one members at the lead, who (hall have a right to vote at fuch aflemblies, or otherwise fuch aflembly (hall have no power to carry ihto execution any of the powers or authorities hereby given.

VII.	And in as much as it will be nccefiary for the faid corporation to raife confiderable Turns of money for the aforefaid improvement and extenfion of the laid canal; be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the dud corporation to take up, and borrow upon the credit of the faid works and their eftate therein, fuch fums of money as they (hall have occafion to expend on faid works, at any me of intered, not exceeding the legal intcred of money for the time being, and to drike debentures for fuch fum fo borrowed in fuch manner as the faid corporation by their byelaws (hall appoint, which debentures (hall be an a&ual charge

Digitized by Google

i	The	thirty-third	Tear	if	George	IIL	>

’nod lien upon fuch parts of the laid corporation eftate as Audi

be therein fpecified.

VIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That

it Ihall and may be lawful for the laid corporation, to open a fubfeription for the faid intended loan, to enable them to fraifh the laid works, to be paid at one payment, or in fuch	foe

gales as the faid corporation (hall dire& or appoint, and if a loan/

the faid fubfeription (hall be paid in gales, the laid corporation are hereby empowered to fpecify the terms and times of fuch payments, and to enter the lame in their books, and to annex fuch penalties and forfeitures to the completion of the faid fubfeription, or to the nonperformance of the terms of fubferibing, as (hall be by them be refolved upon, and entered in their faid books in manner aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That Robert Rofs, and Perfon* added Ifaac Corry, efquires, and fir Thomas Hyde Page, knight, ^corpora-and the reprefentatives 'in parliament for the borough of *

Ncwry, and alfo the inheritors or owners for the time being,

of the town3 and lands of Gilford, Scarva, Lifnabreag,

D roman tine and Roftrevor, in the county of Down, (hall be added to the faid corporation, and be members thereof, and alfo that it (hall and may be lawful for the proprietors for the time being, of fuch loan debentures, and in the mean time for fubferibers to the faid loan who (hall have paid their fubfeription, or the depofite that (hall be required, (on account of fuch fubfeription,) in perfon by writing under hand and feal, to appoint and ele& for the term of three years, feven merchants refident in the town of Ncwry, to be added to the faid corporation, during which term of three years, the faid feven merchants fo cle&ed and appointed, and each of them (hall to all intents and purpoies, have authority to vote and a£t at all affemblies and meetings of the faid corporation, and in all other refpe&s be a&ual members thereof, and (hall in every refpedf be fo taken and confidered ; the Aril eleftion of the faid feven merchants to be made or held at the firft quarterly general meeting, to be held next after the fum of ten thoufand pounds (hall be raifed by faid corporation on faid loan debentures, or fubferibed thereto, and fuch ele&ion (hall be fo made and held at the end of every three years, or within one month afterKhe expiration thereof, to be computed from the day of the firft dediion, and fo from time to time at the end of every three years for ever. ,

X.	Provided always, That no proprietor of faid loan de- gubferibm bentures or fubferiber to faid loan, to a lefs amount than five for left than hundred pounds, (ball have any right to vote in perfon or by sool. not to proxy, for the appointment of faid feven merchants, or any vot€t ** herem. of them, and that a proprietor of loan debentures, or a

fubferiber

50$ A. D.

*793• Chap i a.

Corporation

Digitized by

its

a. r>.

1792/

CU:\ IO.

Meriintfru

f*c

« rr *r jppnjnted in i)m.'mt Head.

7 members may fufpead any clerk, lock-ktcpcr, &c.

'ThciUrif^rtrd Tear of George III.

fifcfcrrber to the amount of one thonfand pounds, (halt have

two vote's in fa id appointment, and an additional tote for every fonvof five hundred pounds, which he fhali a&uafty and boat fide he the proprietor of, or fivbfcriber to at the tirtie of iueh appointment or elc&iom

XI* Provided always That if any of faid feveu merchant* (halt die during the term of hi* appointment, or fhail become a batokmpt,. and that a cornmiflion of bankrupt, afrd that a commiOKon of bankruptcy iflFues	him, or (haB

eeafe to reside in the faid town of Newry, or faUchoofe to refign bis faid appointment under his hand and feal, and (hall notify and deliver the Lid r^rgnatiort to the Lcretary for the time being, of faid corporation, then and from thcncefuth fuch merchant (hall ceaie to a£t as, or he one of the laid corporation, and the proprieties of the faid loan debenture*, or fnb(jcriber6 thereto of ilve hundred pounds each a* afore faid, (hall at the uext general meeting of (aid corporation in manner aforefaid, dlecl other refident merchant or merchants of the faid town of Newry, in the room, place, and (lead of the merchant or merchant* fo dead, become bankrupt, norw *ef?dent or resigning, which merchant or merchants fo eleded, fhnfll to all intents and purpofes, for the refidue ©f the term of three years from the appointment of the per-Ibti or perfons in wbofe room he or they (hall be deded, h*vf authority to vote and ad at all meetings of the faid corporation, and be aft tiak member or members thereof, ard (hall for every fticb term be deemed, taken and confidtred as' one of the Paid corporation.

XU.	And be it ena&ed, That at any time in the interval between one general meeting of the Lid corporation and another, any number confiding of not Ids'than feven members of faid corporation, for the time being, or the majority of fneb meeting, (haft have power to fufpend any clerk, lock-keeper, bridge-keeper, ftore-houfe-keeper, turnpike-keeper, colle&or of tolls, mfpedor, feaman, bargeman, waterman, boatman, or other perfon employed, or to be employed by the faid corporation, (favc the treafurer, Itcre-tafy, accountant and engineers,) for breach or negled of dntyi ^ud may during fuch interval between one general meeting and another, order payment of any fum of myncy for repairs of the faid works from the fea to the town of Newry, not exceeding in the whole the fum of feventy-five pounds, and for repairs of the faid works from Newry to or towards jLougbneagh, not exceeding in the whole the fum of twenty-five pounds; provided'that eftrmates of fuch repairs verified by the oath of one or mot* engineers to be employed by the faid corporation, (ball be firll laid before foch meeting, and apprised of by the majority thereof, before



The l)nriy*tbird Tear ef George III,

fort airy futn of money (hall be granted or ordered to be paid for making ftjch repairs, bat no ad or appointment to office or place, or order for payment of money, exceeding th!e faid refpeftive fums.of fever>ty-five pounds, and twenty-five pounds, and thofe for repairs only, that may become necelfary during inch intervals between one general meeting and another, fhall be made at any fuch intermediate meeting of the fdid corporation, nor fhall any aft, appointment to office, plate, or employment, in, upon, about, or touching, or concerning the laid navigation, be made by the faid corporation, unleft at a general meeting thereof, and ua-lef» at inch general meeting twenty-one members at leaft of faid corporation iha.Il be prefent at the time of making fuch order, whole names fhall be inferted therein.

XIII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforetaid, That no perfon or perfons fhall be appointed treafurer of the faid corporation, or fhall be eligible to faid office, who now is, or are, or fhall at the time of his or their eleftion or appointment thereto, be a merchant, trader, or dealer, or liable to have a commiffion or commiffions of bankruptcy iffued againft him or them, by reafon of any dealing ortra-ding in which he or they is or fhall be engaged, and if any treafurer or treafurers hereafter elected or appointed to faid office^ fhall after his or their election or appointment to faid office, enter into any dealing or trading whereby he or they (hall become liable to become bankrupt, or to hive a cpm-miffion or coramiffior.s of bankruptcy ilined agiintt him or them, purfuant to the laws now in force, or that may be hereafter enafted in this kingdom, relating to bankrupts, then and in that cafe ; bent enafted, that the (aid corporation fhall proceed to the appointment or election of a new treafirror or treafurers, in the room and (lead of the treafurer or treafurers fo becoming a dealer or dealers, trader or traders, a3 if the faid office were actually void.

XIV.	And be it enacted, That the treafurer of‘faid corporation for the time being, fhall open an account with the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, .and fhall from-time to time remit to the faid bank, the money which he fhall receive arilrng from the tolls, efhitcs, and other profits of the faid corporation, and fhall never retain at anytime in his hands of the money of the faid corporation fot the fpace of ten days, a furti exceeding one hundred pounds lierlmg, on pain of forfeiting half a years falary for fo doing, unlefs fpccially directed fo to do by an order of a general meeting of the faid corporation, for the neceffary occa-fign of faid works, which order fhall not he valid, tiolefs twenty-o;i« members of faid corporation fhall be prefent when the fame is made, and fuch order fhall be figned by

thi

No perfon to be appointed treafurer, who (hall be liable to bankruptcy.

Treafurer to remit money a riling from toUv, &cc. to baukof Ireland.

5Q& 1	Tbe	thirty-tbird	Tear	of	George	III.

A. D.	the chairman of the meeting, and counterfigned by the fe-

1793.	cretary, and no money (hall be paid by the treafurer of the

Chap, 16. faid corporation for any purpofe whatfoever, fave as afore-faid, without the order of twenty-one members of the (aid corporation, and that in every draft to be drawn by the treafurer of the faid corporation, for any money upon the bank of Ireland, every fuch draft (hall contain the date of the order, by which the fum in every fuch draft contained was direlied to be paid, and the name of die perfon to whom fuch money was fo ordered to be paid, and the (hort purpofe as exprefled in every fuch order, for which fuch payment was directed to be made, and every fuch draft (hall be made payable upon demand, and no fee, gratuity, reward, difeount, or other fum or fums of money, nor any gratuity (hall be a(ked, demanded, received, or taken, di-xedlly or indirectly by the treafurer of the faid corporation, for or on account of money to be puid by him, purfuant to the orders of the faid corporation, under the penalty of k>-ling the faid employment, and of forfeiting treble the fum fo afked, demanded, received, or taken, to the perfon paying the fame, to be recovered by civil bill.

A meeting of XV. And be it enabled. That a meeting confiding of 7 may be held not lefs than feven members of faid corporation, maybe weekly, to exa* held at Newry on Saturday in every week, for the purpofe 0f examining into the conduit of faid works, enquiring into &c.	ftate condition of the faid canal, the colle&ion

of the tolls and profits thereof, examining the condud of the officers employed therein, and of infpe&ing the treafnrers accounts, with power to fufpend any officer of faid corporation, (fave the treafurer, fecretary, engineers and accountants) until the next general meeting, and every fuch weekly meeting (hall be attended by the fecretary of the corporation, if they (hall require him fo to do, and every fuch weekly meeting (hall enter their proceedings in a book to be by them kept for the faid purpofe, and in cafe of emergency or neceffity, fuch weekly meeting (hall have power to fummon extraordinary general meetings of faid corporation, firft advertifing the fame as before mentioned, and giving to the members of the faid corporation, fpecial notice in writing by poll of the faid meeting, and of the occaiion thereof; fix days at lead before fuch extraordinary"or fpecial meeting (hall be appointed to be held, and the books of fuch weekly meeting lhall be depofited with the fecretary of the faid corporation, and kept by him amongft the other books thereof, and the fame (hall be always laid before the faid corporation at their fe-veral meetings.

XVI. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That in confederation of the expence and trouble which the (aid J	corpo*

1

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

corporation have and (hall be pat to, in making and maintaining the (aid navigation, and the extenfions and off-branches thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, and their fucceffors, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to charge and make payable fuch rates and duties as the faid corporation (hall ordain and ma7 chjr?ctjc# appoint, for every boat, lighter, raft, or other veffel na- ^d^ihaliap-Vigating the faid navigation, and its off branches, or any p^nt, for boats, part thereof, from the (aid town of Newfy upwards, to- &e. wards or to Loughneagh, or to the Blackwater Foot, and from the faid Lough and Blackwater Foot downwards, towards or to the faid town of Nevvry, in which any goods, merchandizes, or commodities, or other matters whatever ihall be carried ; and that it thall be lawful to and for the faid corporation, and their fucceffors, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to aik, demand, receive, and fuc for, to the ufe of the faid corporation, and their fuccef* fors, fuch rates and duties, as the faid corporation {hall ordain and appoint, for and upon every fuch boat, veffe], raft, or other veffel carrying fuch goods, merchandizes, and commodities whatfoever, which (hall be carried upwards or downwards upon the faid navigation, at the dif* cretion of the faid corporation, and fuch rates and duties for every ihip, veffel, boat, or raft, entering the faid navigation from the fea, o^ palling through faid navigation from Newry to the fea, fuch rates and duties as the faid corporation (hall ordain and appoint, not exceeding in the whole the fum of one (hilling and jive pence, upon every ton of the burden of tonage of fuch ihip, veffel, boat, or raft, fo navigating upwards or downwards from the fea to the (aid town of Newry, and from the faid town of Newry to the fea.

XVIL Provided always. That if the faid tonage of feven- If *7d per teen pence, (hall at any time hereafter be found inadequate to raifxng a fufficient toll, (in aid of the other tolls, to be ta- furthe^fum not ken and levied by virtue of this aft, between the faid town exceeding sod. of Newry and Loughneagh,) for the payment of the in- may be chauf«d, tcreft of the money to be borrowed for faid works, with the &c-falaries and expences th?t (hall be payable by the faid corporation, then and in fuch cafe it Ihajl be lawful for the faid corporation at any general meeting thereof, to order and direft fuch greater and further fam for tonage, not exceeding twenty pence per ton, to be charged, received, levied, and taken in lieu of the faid tonage, ot feventeen pence herein before appointed to be taken a3 a fore faid, as the faid corporation (hall think neceffary for the payment of fuch intereft, falaries, and expences, and towards eftablilhing from time to time a reafonable and fufficient finking fund for pay aent and difeharge of the loan.

XVIII. And

Digitized

id by Google

5to

The thirty-lbird Tear of GcoFge III. "

A. D.

1793. Chap. IO*

*d. per mile fee jsrffengers.

m*j uc Utfki din-* I herein,

fe.

Turnpike* on tnckway», 4cc.

This and all ether canal companies authorised to take gravel, (lores, 3cc.

Treafurer to pay intcreft half yearly.

XVIII And be it farther enabled, That the faid eor-poration may in like manner, afk, demand, receive, and fue for to the ufe of the faid corporation, for each paiTenm carried in any veflfel navigating upon the faid canal, any /urn not exceeding two pence, for every mile fuch paflenger (had be carried.

XIX- And he it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That io cafe of reiufal to pay the laid feveral duties, it Hull and may be lawful for the faid corporation* and their fervant^ cipher to didrain faid (hip~, veiTcls or boats, or the goods therein for the fame, and difpoie thereof as is ufual in calei for non-payment o£ reut, or to fue for the recovery of the fame by civil bill; and in cafe any- difpute (hall arife touching the fum to be paid for any fuch rate, the fame (hall be adjufted by anv juft ice of the peace of the county in which fuel*- difpute (hall happen, with liberty for either party to appeal from fuch determination, to the uext going judges of affize for the county wherein fuch difpute ftiaU arife, whofe determination therein fliafl be final

XX.	And be it enabled by the authority afordaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid corpoaation to ereft one or more turnpikes upon, or acrofs any of the trackwnvs which now are, or (hall be made on either fide of the faid navigation, and to afk, demand, take and receive fuch tods, as the faid corporation and their fucceflors fhaU from time to time ordain and appoint, and for payment whereof the? maydiflrain and fell, as is ufual at other turnpikes.

XXI.	And be it further enabled, That the faid corporation, and all other companies and corporations for carrying on inland navigations in this kingdom, their agents and ier-vants be, and are hereby inverted with full power and authority to raife and carry away gravel, Hones, earth, fend, puzzoiane, and other cement, and other materials for the works of the faid navigations and their off-branches, frbm any fituation where they can be had, making campcnfatton to the owners of the foil, from which the feme are taken, in the fame manner, and under fuch reductions, as over-feers of public roads are authorized and directed by fe\ml ads of parliament now in force in this kingdom, to make compenfetion for materials taken by them for budges and public roads.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed hy the authority afone-faid. That the tteafurer f6r the time being, offaid corporation, (hall half-yearly, pay to the owner of the faid loan debentures, the intereft due thereon refpe&iwely $ and in cafe the faid intereft fhaU be demanded from find treafurer, and refufed or declined to be paid, fo as that one full years inter-eft (hall be due, and in arrear to the owner of any part of

Tkc thirty-thtrd Tear of George IIL

*he faid loan, the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or eorofnif-fioners of the great feal may, upon petition, and hearing tlie parties in a fummary way, make> fuch order for lcquefc teri*g and appointing a receiver of the tolls of laid corporation, for the payment of the interred: of faid loan debentures, to the owners thereof, as to jultice fliaH appertain, and as fey law the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commifSoners of the great feal is or are empowered to do, under the act for tendering fecaritics by mortgage more effectual; and that all cofts to be incurred, by any perfon in filing for the pay-uteirt of fuch intereR as ^forefaid, (hall be by the faid court Ordered to be paid by the faid corporation, jf it fhall appear that fuch non payment of fuch intereft has arifen by the fault or neglect of the faid corporaticr* or any olficcr thereof.

XXI11. Provided always, That the owner or owners of every loan debenture fhall, if he, fhe, or they fhall think fit, empower any perfon by letter of attorney, duly executed under ilia, her, or their hand or hands and feals and atteR-^d, to receive the intereft to accrue due upon fuch debentures, the execution of fuch powers of attorney neverthelcfs being duty proved by the affidavit of one or more fubferi-bing wit mis or witnclfcs thereto refpr clirely, and to be thereto annexed and entered in the books of the faid corporation.

XX iV, And in order to firm a finking fund for the payment of the debt winch will be neceflarily incurred by the corporation for earn ing on faid works, if at any time after proviilon made for the payment of the iutereft of faid loan debentures, fur the repairs of faid works, and the falaries of the officers and fervants of the ft?J corporation, a redundancy of five hundred pounds {hall remain in the bank of Ireland, to the credit' of faid corporation ; be it enacted. That the fame (hall be laid out at mtereft oil government fe-curity, or he applied in difeharge of the faid loan debentures, at the diferetion of the faid corporation.

XXV.	And he it enabled, That the faid corporation fhall have, and are hereby in veiled with all fuch powers of fum-moning of juries for the valuation and purchafe of lands for their canal, locks, trackways, wharfs, harbours, (lores, and necefTaiy buildings, and for all and fingular the other pur-poles of carrying on their navigation, as the grand canal company, royal canal company, or any other company of undertakers of inland navigation in this kingdom now have or enjoy under any law or Ratute whatsoever.

XXVI.	Anti bait further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That in all cafes in which a jury of twelve perfons empanelled as ;he law requires, have upon their oaths enquired

or

Owner* of debentures may, by letter pf attorney,empower ©hers to receive iutereft, &c.

Redundancy of 500I. in bank, to be in-plied as herein.

Same power* for Ik mm juries tor v,. ua-tion, c y oth’.r ciihal ccui-pany.

Power of juries to affefs anil awVd, as herein.

i

Digitized by

5**

A. D.

^793-Chap. 10.

Kayenccs hrreof to be

paid by trem-

Tbt thirty-third Tear of George III.

or (hall hereafter enquirc’of the value of fuch ground, lands# honfes or buildings, as have been, or (hall be thought ne-ccflary to be purchafed for the purpofe of carrying on the faid navigation, or any other inland navigation in this king* dom, and have aflefled and awarded, or (hall affefc and award the fum or fums to be paid to the perfon or perfons inter-died in faid lands, grounds, houfes and buildings, for their refpedive eftates, rights, titles, terms and interefts therein ; and the commilfioners prefiding at fuch valuation or valuations, or the majority of them, nave given, or (hall give judgment for fuch fum or fums of money fo aiTeffed and awarded, or to be aflefled and awarded ; and the faid corporation, or any other corporation or company for carrying on inland navigation in this kingdom have paid, or (hall pay, to the fcvcral perfons interefted, or (hall pay in and depofit in the bank of Ireland, fuch fum or'fums of money fo aflefled and •warded as aforefaid, as the value of, and purchafe money for fuch grounds, lands, houfes or buildings; all and every perfon and perfons in pofleflion of any fuch grounds, houfes, or buildings, or any part thereof, which have or hath been, or (hall be purchafed as aforefaid, (hall peaceably and quietly deliver up the pofleflion of faid premifes, to the faid corporation or company, or to any perfon authorifed by them to take pofleflion thereof; and in cafe any fuch perfon or perfons lo in pofleflion as aforefaid, (hall refufe to give fuch' pot-faflion as aforefaid, then it (hall and may be lawful for the laid corporation, or any other corporation or company for carrying on inland navigations in tHis kingdom, to iflue their piecept or precepts to the (heriffor fheriflsof the county or counties in which faid lands, grounds, houfes or buildings rcfpe&ively lie, to deliver pofleflion of the premifes to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be nominated in (aid precept or piccepts to receive the fame ; end the Iheriff and fheriffs are hereby required to deliver fuch pofleflion accordingly, of the faid premifes, and to levy fuch coils as (hall accrue from the ifluing and executing of fuch precept or precepts, on the perfou or perfons fo refuting to give pofleflion as aforefaid, by diftreft and fale of his, her, or their goods.

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the expences of this ad fhall be paid by the treafurer of the faid corporation ; and if any fuit (hall be commenced or profreuted againft any perfon or perfons for any thing which (hall be done in pursuance of this ad, fuch perlon may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in eviikmce; and tnat this ad (hall be deemed and taken to be a public ad.

CHAP.

Tlfc thirty-third Tfar Geoige III,

CHAP. XII,

An Aft for granting the Sum of Tour Thou fond Pounds to thi

Truftees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures* and for

.etfcer Purjufes.

' VI. "TX 7 It ERE AS many frauds have prevailed in

!VV the manufe&ure of fheetings, and feveral Power* of tubei* fabrickg of linen in this kingdom, by not making them truftse* relative a filflFknetit breadth, to the great injury of the manufa&ure: to &cet2n** be it enaflcdj T'hat from and after the firft day of Auguft, lone thousand feven hundred and ninety-three, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any twelve or more t)f them, to publifti and direct, that after the expiration of three months, from the date of fueh publication or dire&i- s On* every piece of brown or unbleached fheetings, made of linen or hempen yarn, of the fet of thirty-fix, thirty-feven, thirty-eight, and thirty-nine beers, (hall be when brown or iinbleaChed, thirty- nine inches in breadth, and when bleach* -<ed, t|iirty-feven jnthes in breadth \ and that every piece of faceting of the fet of forty beers and upwards, called nine-eighths wide, (hall be when brown and unbleached, forty-one inches in breadth, and when bleached, thirty-nine inches in breadth.

VII.	And be it further exacted, That if after fuch time, Penalty on e** any fuch (heeting (hall be fold or expofed to fak, or entered poling to fale for exportation, not being of the widths aforefaid, in its	°f

brown or bleached ftate nefpectively,; or 'if any lineij or cio^uoTmw-knd hempen cloth, whether bleached or unbleached, (ball be fold, 0n the outfidc, txpofed to fale, or entered fo4.- exportation, without having the number of inches, and half inches in breadth, without regard to leffer fractions, truly marked with ftone blue or Vermillion, and fize on the outfide lap or fold thereof, fo its to be legible and open to view, every fuch piece of faceting fo fold, expofed to fale, or entered for exportation, .(hall be forfeited,. and the perfon or perfone fdling, ex-* pofing to fale, or entering the fame for exportation, (bail alfo Forfeit the funl of forty (hillings for each piece, fuch for* feitores to be adjudged, determined, levied, and difpofed of in Ijke-manner as any forfeiture and penalty may be adjudged, determined, levied, or dlfpofed of, by virtue of any law fof regulating or extending the linen and hempen manufac* tuies.

,’Vofc. IX.	-K*	k	x	VHI. And

514.	The thirty-third Tear of George III.

A. D. VIII. And whereas many frauds have been committed

1793.	in the buying and felling of fpangle yam, by allowing one Chap. 12. fpangle to every hundred fpangle lo bought or fold ; be it C—i enarted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the No allowance ffrU day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-rL,dtC1anrny.00 t^iCC» no allowance fliall be made, or offered to be made, K * in buying or felling fpangle yarn, to make good a defid-p-nalty on buy- ency on faid yarn either in length or count; and that the or & feller.	feller of every bunch or pack of fpangle yam fo fold, or

offered for fale, (hall be liable to the penalty of not lefs than ten (hillings, or more than forty (hillings; and that the buyer of every bunch or pack of fpangle yam fo bought, or offered to be bought, (hall be .liable to the penalty of sot lefs than twenty (hillings, or more than five pounds, on the proof of one or more credible witnefa or witneflfes.

IX.	Whereas by an ad paffed in the thirty-firft year of his prefect Majefty, entitled, An ad for amending the law rrfticding the lin.n and hempen manufactures* the faid truftees

errued^^truf are emPowcred t° appoint two perfons jointly, to execute ica.1	*	the office of an infpedor general: be it enaded, That it

Hull, and may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any twelve or more of them, if they (hall think fit, to appoint any fa-lary out of the funds granted to the faid truftees, by any a£t or ads of parliament, not exceeding the fum of two hundred pounds by the year, for the fecond infpeefcor general for the province of Ulfter ; and alfo a faiary not exceeding the fum of two hundred pounds by the year, for the fecond infpeClor general for the provinces of I^anfter, Munfter, and Connaught, any law to the contrary notwith?

9 (landing.

X.	Aiid wlrereas many difficulties have arifen by returning annually the county infpe&ors for the linen and hempen

Inf>?3or$ to manufactures: be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, continue in office That from and after the firtt day qf May, one thoufand tve^tKink fit” 3fcven hun(*rC(l and .ninety-three, the feveral county infpec-tors now or hereafter returned and and appointed purfuant to law; fliall continue in office during fuch time as the truftees of the linen and hempen manufactures (hall think fit, any law to the contrary thereof notwithllanding ; and every infpedor who now is, or hereafter (hall be apppmted to fuch office, (hall enteitiuto a bond to the faid truftees, or to their clerk or fecretary for the lime- being, in^thc fum of two hundred pounds, and two fufficient furelies, each in the fum of one hundred pounds, for . the. true and faithful difeharge of his duty as infpc&or; apd in cafe fuch inipec-tor (hall not procure two fufficient fureties as aforelaid, without one month, fuch return made purfuant -to law, and

the

The thirty-third Tour of George IIL	51

(He* appointment therein! lhall be 4eemedr And is hereby de- A. D. dared null and void.	1793.

* 'XI. And in order to prevent the rooms in the linen hall •f Dublin! from being converted into ftores for tecping or -Penalty on felling foreign goods, under colour of Irifh manufactures: good^ except be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and mto thc1 after the palling of this aft, any perfon or perfons who halL (hall bring into any of the halls" or ftores in Dublin, te-- longing to the faid truftees? any fpecies of goods whatever,

' lave and except the linen and cotton manufacture of this kingdom, and being duly convicted thereof before the faid tivftees, or any three or more of them, upon, the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneftes, {hall forfeit the fum of five pounds, and lhall be rendered incapable for one year of-holding . or'enjoying any room or rooms in faid halls.

XII. Provided always, and be it enafted, That where	Every fpecies

any fpecies of goods whatever, fave and except the linen of gowii except and cotton manufactures of this kingdom, be found in any J^0[ chimed*

, of the halls or ftores in Dublin, belonging to the faid |n 2I day*.

truftees; and that no perfon or perfbns lhall, within . twenty-one days after feizure thereof, claim a property in the fame, fuch goods lhall be forfeited to the' laid trui-tees.

CHAP. XIII.

An Att for granting the Sum of Five Thoufand Pounds to the Dublin Society, for the Purgafcs therein mentioned•

V.	‘TXT HERE AS by the thirteenth report of the*

VV cbmmiffioners of impreft accounts, it appears that there is' an arrear of nearly feven thoufand pounds, due to the faid fociety, on the annual fubfcriptions of members thereof, at the rate of two guineas per annum, and the faid arrear has fincc encreafed; be it further enafted, That the fums fo in arrear lhall and may be fued for and recovered by civil bill, in the name of the fecretary or treafurer of the faid fociety, for its ufe, in the fame 01av he r* cover-manner as any debt or demand may be fued for and reco- cd by civil bid. vered by civil bill; and that a copy or account of the fe-veral and refpeftive debts, and arrears due by the members of the faid fociety, under the corporation feal thereof, and at-tefted by one of the vice-prefidents and treafurer, lhall be fufficfcnt evidence of fuch debt, arrear, or film being due by Kk 2	the

Digitized by

Google

7IIT.

A. D* the ^ttHon orperfonfc, or memfcer or members rcfpoftivtSy, J793. and fh^ll be deemed and taken as fufficient evidence of fndi Chap* 43* debts ang arrears being due in any fuit, to be tnftituted by civil bill or Othemife, for the recovery of the fame :r pfo-vided that no ippeal (half be hrotfght ftom any decree do any fuch civil bill, unlefs the fame .(hall be brought before the cpfuiflg affixes or feffions of the 'peace, as the <a£c may be.	t

Perfom in it- VI. Provided always. That ifany perfon fo in antin’ rcir for 16 *ui- for any fuip ngt exceeding fixteen guineas, {hall before the nc -*, or more, twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred Wore 24 June an(* fonfty-three, pdy to the faid fociety, the fum of four difeharged from gumeas - and ifahy perfon fb in arrear for more than fix-iurcber demand. teen guineas, (hall before the faid day,1 pay to the fafidfo* ciety, trie-fourth part of the arrear which which (hall be due by bim^eypry fuch payment (haU be deemed to be in full fatisfa&ion of all arrear due by every fuch perfon, and he (hall be difeharged from all further demand* on acbMtat thereof; or if any fnch perfon (hall on or before the faid day,' pay unto ; the faid fociety the fum of twenty‘guineas, fuch perfon /hall be deemed a fubferiher for life, and beafio difeharged from all arrear,' and from all further annual payment.	n

To purrfcafe VII. And be it further ena&ed, That all money whfcfc a cabinet of mi- (ball fo. f0 pafof fhall be applied by the faid fociety, to-ncraiogy, &c. v tfo the purchafe pf a ,cabinet of mineralogy, and a repofitory for the fame, and of models for the drawing fchool, and the eftablifhment of a botanic garden. Arrears here- • VIIL And be it forther enafted, That all foiw which after 10 be reco- {hail at any tune after the pafling of this aft Income dot, ▼ered by civil or be fo arrear by any member of the faid fociety, oa account of the annual fubfeription, fhall and may, from time to time, be fue<Jt.for recovered fofokc manner by civil bill; and .font.every member pf the faid fociety, except a member for life, or any honorary member, whp fhaU not withdraw himftlf therefrom, bv entering ynth the fecre-tary thereof a notice figned by hirpfelf of his withdrawing himfcUV Ihnll. be* deemed to 'continue, an annual fnb-feriber thereto, frenn, the day of his admiifion: provided that no member fiiall be allowed fo ta withdraw himfelf, until he fhdll have paid all arrears <{ue by him; and the treafuver {hall have certified to the fecretary his receipt thereof.

CHAP,

-TV

Digitized by

G©< gle —

%bf thirty-thira ft or »£ George UJ.

c. h, a p. J^vnr.

AfJtn.prcvnt, Infuranceof Lottery Tickets* to regulate the Drawing of Lotteries* ana to amend tSf La&/ reJ^sEtlnf the fame*	4 J ‘ '	*

T N order to present in fg ranee of lottery tickets, and^ to JL regulate the drawing of lotteries, and to render the Uws to prevent unlawful lotteries, and for the regulation of offices for the fade of lottery tickets more efie&ual; he it ena&ed by the King’s moil excellent NJajefty, by and with the advice and, content of the lords (piritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, *and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of May, one thoufand'feven hundredlstRl ftinety-thrtc, ho perfon (hall publickly or privately fct up, extreife, keep, or open by him&lf, henfelfj or Any other perfon or perfons, any office or place for buying, Celling, registering, exinriiu ihg, giving, or otherwise dealing in tickets or tihandes, or fortes thereof, or in the tfunfber or numbers of any ticket or tickets in any Irffti of Brftifh lottery whatfoever* or (halHcll dr difjpofe of at any one time, ~atryAngle? tfcketj orrniy number of tickets id hny lottery, left - than ^ten fuch lottery tickets ; or fhall by wrilittg Mr ^rfhtihg pifbliflt the fettirtg up, at ufing of ady fdCh 'bffifce 'pliicd,' Without having tdkeh out d libetife foV 'that purpife,’lindef tHfc handi and foil! of two or ‘hiore'of thev rtiknigtrs ahd’dife&drk of lotteries in this kingdothJ for thtf’Wme'Uiing*} Which licenfe ffcaUcbritmufc In fdrdi for dfl£ year, ftdnr the twenty-fifth day of ^iarcji preceding thC grairtifig of fdch Hccfife, and do JongCr/ 6r until ten aa^S after the end*of the drawing of S«y Irijh or 6ritif|i lottery iffahlifhCc} by law which (hall have he^un >o be drawn before the (aid day, arid (Kali not then be figifhed, and no longer.

It. And be it ena&ed, That every fuch licenfc (hall fet forth thy true name or names, and place or places of abode of the perfon or perfons taking out the fame, and alfo the place where^uch ^ufinefs or pealing (hall be earned on, and np one JicenfHflgch /hall be granted by virtue of this ad, (hall authorize or empower any perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be granted, to buy, fell, regi&er, or other-wife deal in any rickets or chances/ or foam thereof, or in the number or numbers of any ticket or tickets in any lottery whatsoever, in any other houfe or place, than fuch one houfc •r place as Aall be eaprefTcd in fubh iiceiife. *

-	^	'	’	*	III.	And



517 A. D,

, >

Amended 33

G. 3r. e j^. f

1 1	,*»	v	t	•

No perfon to , fet up an j lottery office with* out a liccnie,

M herein.

What the li-cenfe (hall fat forth.

300 tickets to be depofited, before licenfe granted, if in an Irifb lottery,^ to be divided into (hares, , dec. \

tool, to be lodged in the bank for each licenfe before i ft Nov. in fnch year, ficc.

Licenfe void when perfon convicted of any offence againft any lottery ad.

'	The thirty •third Year of George IIF.

III.	And be it enaded, That no fach licenfe as afore-faid, (hall be granted to any perfon or perfons, unlefs at the time of granting fuch licenfe it (hall appear to the faid commiflioners of the lottery, by a certificate from the officer for the time being, appointed for-damping (hares of lottery tickets, that loch perfon or perfons hath, or hare depofited with fuch officer for damping (hares of lottery tickets, not lefs than two hundred lottery tickets, if fach tickets be tickets in an Irifh lottery, to be divided jn fach (hares as the perfon or perfons depodting the fame (hall require, agreeably to /the regulations herein for dividing tickets into (hares s and if fuch perfon or perfont reqeire a licenfe for keeping more than one lottery-office, he, fhe, or they (hall in like manner, depofite with the officer or officers for damping (hares, not lefs than two hundred tickets in any Irifli lottery, for each fuch office, for the keeping of which he, (he, or they, (hall require a licenfe ; and fuch officer (hall not give more than one certificate for aoy one depofite. ,

IV.	And be it enaded,. That no fuch licenfe which (hall have been granted to any perfon or perfons (hall be valid, nnlefs he, (he, or they (hall have depofited in the bank.of Ireland, the fum of five hundred pounds in money, or government fee unities, for each and every licenfe, on or before the firfk day of November, in the year for which fuch Kcenfe is granted, there to remain until one month after the expiration of the licenfe to fuch perfon ; and if no fuir, profecution, or proceeding for recovery of any penalty'or forfeiture on account of any offence againft this ad* (hall be commenced within or before fuch month, then the perfon or perfons who fo depofited the faid fum, (hall be repaid the fame ; but in cafe that any fuch iuit or profecution be commenced, and that the perfon fued or profecuted (haH be convided of the offence, then the money fo depofited, or fo much thereof as the penalty or penalties to which the perfon or perfons convided (hall be fubjed, (hall amount unto, (hall be paid in the fame manner, as the fame would be in cafe fuch penalty or penalties had been levied under fuch convidion.

V.	And be it enaded, That if any perfon or perfons to whom any fuch licenfe as aforefaid (hall be granted, (hall be convided of any offence againft this ad, or any other ad then in force, relative to the regulation of lotteries, or fafe of lottery tickets, fuch licenfe (hall be forfeited, and from thenceforth the fame (hall be void; and the faid managers and diredors if they (hall think fit, may refufe to grant to the perfon or perfons convided, a licenfe in fu-ture.

VI.	And be it enaded. That every numerical or other book, kept or ufed by any perfon licenfed to deal in lottery

tickets

Digitized by Google



The thirty-third Tear of George JII.

5X9

mi

Mi

n

»r*

fir

St

,4-

tickets, for the purpofe of entering therein the event of the A, D. drawing, or fate or times of drawing the tickets in any lot- *793* teiy, (hall be figneci on the firft and lad pages thereof* by Chap. 18. the perfon or perfoni licenfed to dfcal in lottery tickets, in whofe office fuch book (hall be kept or ufed, with his or Book* kept their name and‘furname, or names rnd furnames, and for entering counter-figned by any two of the managers and directors ^ to^bef/n-bf fuch lottery, who are hereby required to counter-fign c</by°thc office-two fuch books, and no more, for each licenfed office; keeper#, and by and if any perfon or perfons fhall keep or make any entry * manager® of Hi, or otherwife make ufe of any fuch book not figned and kttery, penalty countcrfigned in manner aforeiaid, every fuch perfon for 100 * crery fuc}j offence, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, and fuch book or books (hail and may be feized, and carried away by any magiltrate, or by his order.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That every perfoto who Perfon*Ii-(hall be licenfed to buy, fell, or otherwife deal in tickets, cenfed to hare or to regifter the number of tickets, (hall caufe his, her, their names, or their name or names, and furname or furnames, and the ^rt£e^°r words *' licenfed t<3 deal in lottery tickets/’ to be written J^or®, In or exprefled in legible characters, upon or near the door in front’ peBsdty the front of his, her, or their office, (hop*, or other place 20L for felling of tickets, to denote that fuch pftfon or perfons is, or are a dealer or dealers In lottery tickets, and liable to Cake out a licenfe ; and if any perfon w perfons (hall fell.

Or deal in fuch lottery tickets as a for efaid, without complying • with the faid provifion, he, (he, or they, fo offending,

(hall for every day on which fuch offence (hall be commit^ ted, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds.

VI[I And be it enabled, That no perfon (hall fell any None to fell, fnuller (hare or (hares in any ticket or tickets in any Iri(h orpropofeto or Britifh lottery, than one-fixteenth part or (hare only, or fcUlc|* t^an (hall publifh any propofals for felling any fmaller (hare or (hares of any ticket or. tickets *in any fuch lottery, than one-lixteenth, or (halt fell or publilh any propofal for felling any ticket, (hare, or chance, which (hall not entitle the purchafer or holder thereof, to an equal proportion of every prize in the lottery, to which fuch ticket (hall belong ; and that every perfon who (hall offend in any cf the faid matters, (hall forfeit and pay for each fuch offence, the fum of one hundred pounds, and every inch fale and. contradl, and every agreement relating thereto, (hall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

IX.	And be it enabled. That no office or place kept by Office® not any perfon fo licenfed as aforefaid, (hall be opened for any to be open bo-of the faid purpofes, or for the tranfa&ion of any bufihefs fore 7 m morn-relating to fuch lottery or lotteries as aforefifid, before the in£> nor a^r ' hour of foven of the clock in the morning, nor after the

hour ing before drawing.

I

*the thirty-third Tear oj Gcorgis Ilf#

hour of ten of the clock in the evening, except or* the evening of the day preceding the drawing of fuch lottery or lotteries refpc&ively; a:. 1 that fuch limitation or reftridi-on in point of time, (hall be inferted in every fuch lieeufe; and in cafe of any breach of fuch rcflri&i an, fuch lictfrfe fliaif be forfeited, and' (hall and may be revoked by any two or more of the managers and directors for the time being, and no new lkenfe (hall, be, granted to, or for the benefit of the feme perfon or perfons dirc&ly or indire&Iy, for keeping any office or place, for any of the purpofe* aforefaid.

X# And the moreefFe&nalJy to prevent frauds and abufcs in the felting of lottery tickets in (hares or chantts ; be it enabled, that each and every ticket in any Tottery or Iotre* pies, before it be divided into, or fold in (hares 0/ chances, (hall be brought to the office eftablifhed for receiving tickets depofited fox tho purpofe of being divided into (hares^ and (hall be there depofited and left with the officer or 6ffi.-cprs for the time being, appointed for (lamping or mark*: ing (hares of tickets, who are hereby autfiorlzxd aRd required to receive thp fame.

How tickets XI. And be it ena&ed, That fuck officer or officers, or are to he ftsrnp- his or their depdfjr or deputies, (hall and is, and hre h?rc-b *' ty authorised and required, to damp and mark each and ytna <pr.	every (hare or (hares, of each and every fuch ticket fo.de-

. pofited as afore&id, with fame flourifli or device, anti that fuch officer or officers, or his or their deputy or deputies, upon the receipt of every fuch ticket* or any number ot tickets for the purpofe afbrefajd, (hall give a receipt or receipts to the holder or proprietor of fuch ticket or tickets, to be (hared or divided in writing for the fame, in the for© following, that is	fay^

* Form of re- Received the.	day	*f	one	thou/and*

ccipts.	/even	hundred	and,	a	ticket	in	the	fre/ent	lottery,

number	which is divided into	/hares	or

chancef9 purfuant to an aft of parliament made in the thirty-third year of t\e reign of King George the third, entitled* V dn aft to prevent infurance of lottery tickets % to regulate tbq ^rawing of lotteries, and to\ amend the laws refpeftwg the fame” whichfeud ticket now remains and it; it try cujlcdy, in, pnrfuance of the /aid aft.

t

XH. And be it enabled. That every, fach ticket as fhall cer 10 day* after b? f° d*po.fi*ed in the faid office, and (hall bf divided into, drawing of lor- (hares or chances purfuant to this ad, Audi remain and confer y, kc. tinacin the enftody andpoffelfion of fucivofftcec or officers as aforefaid, un^il the expiration of ^en days next after the end of the drawing of fuch lottery op lotteries refpe&ively,

and

5*»

A. tK

Ticket* intended to be divided, to be depofited u herein,	*





Digitized by

Google.

TAstbirtyjbirdlfear of Geoige IfE	5*M

mnd that on the expiration of ten days next after the end" of A. D. the drawing of fuch lottery, or lotteries jefpe&ively, fuch, 1793. ticket' fhall be returned to the owner or owners thereof. Chap, l3t his, her, or their agent or agents, affignee or affignees, V—*

Upon pjbdueipg the raid officers faid receipt for the lanre j provided that no caveat (hall have been entered with fuch officer by any proprietor of, or ip any fhare iffoed* on fach ticket.

XIII.	And be it ena&ed, That a hook or books find! be Books to be

kept by fuch officer or officers as aforefaid, who (hall truly	bT*

and fairjy enter and regifter in fuch book or books, the injfpedS'for number of each and every ticker which fhall be fo as afore- jd.

faid depodted in tlie faid office for thp purpofe aforefaid, together with the name or names of the perfon or perfotrs >vho (hall fo le^ve and depoftte the fame for the pnrpofeg aforefaid, and alfo the number of ffiares or chances into v which fuch ticket fhall be fo divided; which book or books any perfon (hall and may from time to tiiqe, and at jtlf rea-fonable times reforr to, and infpeft on payment of the font qf one pepny to fuch officer or officers as aforefaid

XIV.	And be it enadted, That upon the leaying and ad. foreach depofitinj* of any ticket in foch lottery or lotteries asafore-y (Hare to be pid laid, at or hi the.faid office with fuch officer ©rofficcrs as afore- t0 •fllccr-foidr for the purpofes aforefaid, the perfon or perfbns who

fhall fo te£ve and depofjee the fame, (hall pay to fuch officer or officers as aforefaid, for each and every fhare olr chance iijtQ Which each* and every fuch ticket in fuCh lottery or lotteries fhall be divided by fuch officer or officers as aforefaid, the fum of two pence; and that with the monies arifinng from fuch fee, fuch officer or officers as aforefaid, (hall bear and pay all fuch incident charges and. yxpence* as (hall or may attend the receipt, entry, and taking care of all fuch tickets as fhall be brought to, and dfcpofited in the faid office for the purposes aforefaid, and all other expences attendant on the faid office.

XV.	And be it enafted, That fuch officer or officers as -aforefaid, fhall not fhmp any fhare or chance of a ticket, * which (hall .not be in the form following^

or lottery for the year faritifif

The bearer will be entitled to the proportion of fuch beneficial chance as Jhall belong to the ticket numbered as above* according to the fibeme printed an the boob hereof \ in 7be above motioned lottery, to be drawn in Ireland

or	which	ticket has been defofited with

Great Britain,

tU

Form of and chances.

3

‘ Digitized by (^.ooQle

5*2

A. D-

1793-

Chap. 18.

Scheme primed on hack •f (hare,

penalty an iflh-W, look and ticenfe W.

Perfona who forge, &c. any ticket, (hare, •r chance.

deemed felons.

The thirty fhiofl Tear of George III.

the officer appointed for ftamping and marking.Jbartt and chances of lottery tickets.

Lottery-office, No.	Jfreet.

And upon the back of which there (hill not be printed the fcheme of the proportion of the benefits, which (hall anfe on fuch (hare or chance, if the ticket, the number of which fhall be mentioned in fuch (hare or chance, (hall prove for* tunate, and fueh officer or officers (hall not damp a greater number of (hares or chances depending upon any one ticket, than (hall altogether be equal to the whole of foch ticket, or to any benefit which (hall belong thereto, nor any (hare of a ticket or chance which (hall be lefs than one-fix teen th part in valde of fuch benefit as may belong to fuch ticket; nor unlefs the original ticket which (hall be fo divided, be depofited with him as aforefaid, and fuch (hare or chance (hall be figned by the perfon licenfed to iflue the fame; and if any ticket importing to be a (hare of a ticket, or a chance depending upon any ticket in any lottery, (hall be made out otherwise than as aforeiaid, and under and fubjeft to the regulations aforefaid, by any perfon or perfons, the fame is hereby declared void, and the perlon or perfons who (hall iflue the fame, or fell or expofe the fame to fale, or (hall print or publifh any ((heme, or propofal for iffuing the fame, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds for every fuch offence; and if fuch perfon or perfons be licenfed, the licenfe to him, her, or them granted (hall, from the time of his, her, or their cpnviftion of fuch offence, be null and void.

XVI.	And be it enafted, That if any perfon or perfons (hall forge or counterfeit, or caufc or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or (hall willingly aft or alM in the forging or counterfeiting any ticket or tickets, (hare or (hares, chance or chances of any ticket or tickets, figned, divided, made and delivered out as by this aft is direfted, or alter any number, figure, word or damp therein or thereon, or utter, vend, barter or difpofe of any fuch forged, counterfeited, or altered ticket or tickets, (hare or (hares, chance or chances of any ticket or tickets, or (hall bring any fuch forged or counterfeited (hare or (hares, chance or chances, the (lamp whereof, or any figure or word therein (hall have been altered, knowing, the fame to be fuch, to any perfon or perfons with a fraudulent intention, or (hall embezzle or fraudulently take out of the wheel or wheels any ticket or tickets, number or numbers of, or belonging *to any Iri(h (late lottery, or (hall willingly aid, abet, af-fift, hire or procure any perfon or perfons to commit any fuch offence as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe, all and every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, (hall be deemed a felon and felons, and (hall fnffer death without benefit of clergy.

XVU. And

Any perfoM

The ihirty-thirJ Tear ef George IH.

XVII.	And be it ena&ed, That if a ay perfon or per-

ions (hall fell, regifter, examine, or otherwHe deal in any lottery tickets, or any (hares or chances of tickets, or fet up, exercife, or keep any office or place, for buying, felling, rendering, examining, or* otherwife dealing m any —, r tickets or chances, or parts or (hares thereof, or in the wh? number or numbers of any ticket or tickets in any lottery,	69

or (hall by writing or printing, pubKfli the fetdng up, or months uiing of any fuch office or place, or (hall fell any ticket or imprifiMUOsnc, (hare of a ticket, or regider or examine any ticket, or the

number of any ticket in any lottery without fuch licenfe as aforefaid; or if any perfon (hall a& at a fervant, clerk, agent, or otherwise, in any fuch office or place, for the keeping of Tvhich fuch licenfe as aforefaid (hall not have been granted ; or (hall not remain of force, every fuch perfon for eacluand every fuch offence, (hall refpc&ively forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds; and every fuch’ perfon upon the view of any magidrate, or being thereof convi&ed by the oath of any credible witnefs, before any magidrate, (hall by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch magidrate, be committed to gaol, there to remain for fuch time not exceeding twelve months, nor lefs than fix months, as fuch magidrate (hall think proper, and until he or (he (hall have paid the faid fum of one hundred pounds, and all books and papers, relating to any lottery, aadailbeokj. which (hall be found in any fuch office, for the keeping of and papers re-which fuch licenfe as aforefaid (hall not have been granted, lating to lot-or (hall have been forfeited or withdrawn, fhaU and may tery,' feixed. be feized and carried away by any fuch magidrate; or by his order.

XVIII.	And be it enafted. That if any perfon or per- Any perfoa

fons (hall fet up, or (hall by writing or printing publilh the fctringup any fetting up of any unlawful lottery, or any lottery, except lottery, except a lottery eftablilhed, or to be cdablidied, by law in this	^®r“

kingdom, or in Great Britain, or (hall in any manner en- a

ter into, or publilh any undertaking tending to form any fcheme refembling a lottery, or in the nature of a lottery, under any denomination whatfoever, on the foot of any Jri(h or Britith date lottery, or other lottery, or in any fort' referring thereto, or depending or founded thereon, or (hall fell, procure, or deliver any ticket, receipt, chance, or number, in. or belonging to any pretended lottery, or other lottery,-except an iri(h or Britidi date lottery as aforefaid, or in or belonging to any dafs, part, or divi-fion of any lottery, fave as aforefaid, or belonging to any undertaking or fcheme in the nature or refemblance of a lottery, or, (hall procure or deliver any ticket, receipt, chance or number, in or belonging to any duplicate or pretended duplicate, or refemblance of any lottery, or any

undertaking.

Digitized by

Google

I

PrwJty on Irerpiag any * office, or v>ub-Jiftiinjf any fihave or pro* ToU for receiving money for titkctA or chanter of which fuch perfon (hall not pe poffeiTerf, forfeit rool.

Hr	Ufc

undertaking por fekeme whitfpever, in tb^ naf^r^ of artery, or fhaU.receive or. omfc 19 be. received, af ymorp^r or other confideration for any fuch. unlawful ticket, rec^ipt^ chance or. number, or for. or fo. cooperation pf apy. ntwjf; or other reward* lo be repaid in cafc.any ticket qr number or numbers of or in any feck uper;aXix|^ 6^ febeme in die. nature o* refemWance of a fattery ap faid fhmIV prove fortunate ; apd if any perfon oy perfon* (hall make, print, advertize or pubHfo, or pa^fo tp bqipadfe printed, advertized or pubU&ed, any propped or jpppofidb febeme os fchemes, for advancing, Cma4. foip^ of mwj tgr fcwctpl1 perfon** amounting in the whole tp large foip** & be divided amonuft them by chance* of the pfjfon* in lottery ekablifhed by any ad of parliament of thi^ kingdom, pr Great Biitain, or (haJl deliver out, or ^aofo o* procure to be delivered oat* ticket* tp the perfon* aay ^nc-iog fuch fojns, to entitle them to a (hare of the mpney fo advanced* or any ocher advantage according to (neb propofol or prppofol*, fcbetna or fchemes, or foaU tpake* print, advertize, pubkft, or caufe to be made, printed, advertized o* pubhfbed, any propofal or propofol*, fcheipe or fchemes of the like kind or nature* under any denomination, naipe, or tide whatfoever, every foch perfon (halt for every focb offence, over and above any former penalties inflicted by any former aft or a#s of parbafoent made again# any private or unlawful lotteries, forfeit the fum of two hundred ponndj.

¥IX. And be it enafted, That if any perfoo or per-fons foall keep any office or offices, or (ball prijft or puMiffi any feheme or fchemes, propofal or propofals for receiving pnff fum or (tuns of money, in coafidjcmioo of jtr.y iutereff to be granted for the fome, in any ticket or tfok-ets, or number or numbers of tickets in any lottery, wbere-qf fuch perfon or peefons (hall not then be aftua&y poQeff-ed if. his, her, or their own right, or in nftderajtiqp of any fum' or funis of money to be repaid, in any ticket or ticket*, number or numbers of apy ticket or tickets in any lottery which (hall nqt then, be in the aft$4 poflefiion of fuch perfon or perfons* in his, her, or their own right, (hall prove fortunate, or (kail foil or take fab-(cripiions for the (ale of any chance or chance*, fat or lots, or part or parts of any chances or lo&» chance ct lot, or of anyone or more of the tickets of *py lottery, or <>f or on the number of numbers of any lottery t&jkft ox tickets, without havipg fuch original ticket pr tickets in his, her* or tbnr own cufiody or poffeHtoa and right, or fopM foil any greater number of chance*, part* or (hare* of, or in any ticket, than d\e conftituent parts thereof, or than foch ticket (hall really contain, fuqh pcr&U Qr per*

foa

Digitized by

Google”

m.	MS

t, fer^tciy &ch dffeode as aforefaid, forfeit tad A. D. ^pifjr'theiftito^oie huhdfodpounds, the hoc * moiety thereof * 1793.

1R> trfs MstjBftjr, ’hit heirs -and 'fucceffbrs, and the other Chip.18. 'nibSety tot&’ihifflmtr. r	^

{>3fiL*Atri be tt &bded. That no perfon (hall fell any penalty on "ticket mr ticket*, Winy fhareor (hares, chance or chances felling, or pro-

W inJdny ticket or tickets in iny Irifh or Britifli lottery P0®11? to fell 'Tor'a djiy, 6r pkrt if'adar, or for any other time Ibfar than ndier Whole‘time of drawing foch: lottery then to come, or than the fhdll ^bfilhuAvprOpofolor. propdfidr for stay filch purpofe time of drawing ' WbflrdAffti^ and every-perfon whorfhall offend in'any of the tkc* to come, ^dftfaiduthhtter Or matters, (Hall1 forfeit and, pay the fum of 100>*

' 'etoe howdftd*p<ytit«h.

3fta. nAttd '8e it enafted, That eve*y> perfon "who (hall penalties on ^fie^nvrkdVdntaWr:in, ,orvfthdlipay any mohey or other confi- adventurer* in, deration, or any ’ways contribute unto, or upon the account 4irfWtf ftuihlhlts, lotteries, propofals or fcHenfes, as in an ad jutwrisytel - *taadC fo the fhii&toth/yWhf the 'reign of hsV late Majefty ^foi^e the fefcbtid, ’entitled, Am lnd for tbe itiore^fieQually of 'exeyffbc '&dtteceiM.g*mingt and as herein arc 'Tiftfiedted to ^penalties, (hill 'forfeit for evfcry fuch 6ffence,

“Module the ’flitn paid attd contributed.

'&XII. Add-he it etftded, Tbfctrio-perfon orr perfons Noperfonto 'foall infore for,/ ot* fcgdittft the driwing of any ticket or tickets infure for or

*	111 iiit iri(h or BritWt lottery, or receive iny money ofcgoods agdnft the fhcdmidMtion of any agreement, to repay any fum'or fums,

“‘ Wto/deliVerthe fttae tor other gtoods, • if any fuch: ticket or Date, or unfbrta-tiekets^hiill’ptdve fortUtfite^or unfdmmrfte, or on any other natc. "ohkttceor Mnt relative to the dtawfag ofuny fuch ticket or 4' tickets, whether as to tbrir being xhi wnforttfnate or tnfor-: tunaffe, Or the tifhe of tHeir being tfowti,‘or ufchetwife how-■ foever, or liWdcr khy pretence, device, form, * denomination *WdiricHpti6n‘ whatfdever, promife or agree torpay any fum ^•r'foms, or1 to delivcrkhy goods, "or to do or forbear doing vhhy thing For’ihe bifrriit x>f any perfon or perfons, whether "with or tvitHbut con&dcmtfon, our any event or contifcgeticy ‘ ’r^larive or {j^pl^ble,to ’the,draWkig, of any fuch ticket1 or T tibkets, or puWifh 'atiy proposal for any of the parpofes afdre-fofd; and if any peHon dr^petfobs (hall offend agaihft tiiis v ad# in any of the? tnattert/ aferfefaid, he,' (he, for they/ (hall

•	foe every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the ftnxrof one him-’' died pounds.

XXIII.	And be it dftk&fed, That all’penalties not *x- Penalties twt ^weeding the ftim of one huhdred pounds, ' which (Vail he in- «tcee4iag. ioqL " Cutred For anv offence1 againlt1 this1 kd; for any ad hbw of fbtee, for 'preventing unlawful lotteries,' ahd which aro not	of

herein dtherwife dirededto be recovered/ maybe recdveiv peatej ItCkc. abfe hifort kny of his M^efly ^s ’juftiberof thrpwce for the

county,

Digitized by Google

5*6	AariyJitrd	George	HI.

A. D.	county, city,' town, or other ;di Arid in which the ofaec

1793.	(h*M be committed, upon proof of the offienotfby the 01th sr

Chap. 18. oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or 00 coo-^ feflion of the offender, or on view of fiich jufticcs, and that one moiety of every fuch peodlty (hail belong to the informer or1 informers profecuting for the fame, who (hall be deemed a competent witnefs, and the Other moiety to hit Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors5 and that in cafe of non-payment of any fuch penalty, the offender (hall be feot l>y fuch jnftioa to the houfe of corredion, there to be kept to* hard labour for any time not exceeding fix months, nor lefo than three months, as fuch judices (lull think proper, unlefs fuch penalty (hall be fooner paid or fatisfied: provided always, that any perfon or perfons convi&cd of any offence agamlt this ad, may appeal fiom fuch convidion to the next general fief-fiona of the peace. • vJiceafet may XXIV. And be it enaded. That if any perfon commit-herecallcdfiom tj0g a„y cf thc faid offences, (hall be at the time of focb of-^ttiDg fiwh &ncc or offences committed, licenfed to keep a lottery office, •tfboccs, *c. It (hall and may be lawful for the managers and diredors of

*	the Iri(h (late lottery for the time being, or any three or more of them, upon information on oath, which'oath the

«	faid managers or diredors, or any three of them, are here-

by empowered to adminifter, in cafe they (hall think fit, forthwith either before or after recovery of any penalty izn-pofed by this or any other law, or any convidion for recovery of the fame, to recal, annul, and make void the iiccafs or lifcenfcs of fuch perfon or perfons fo committing foch offence or offences; and the perfon or perfons whofc licenfe or licenfes (hall have been recalled, and made null and void as aforefatd, (hall from thenceforth be incapable of elercifing,

*	keeping, or opening any office or place for. buying, 1&-fng, regiftering, or otherwise dealing in any ticket or ticket^ or chances, or parts, or (hares thereof, or in the number or numbers of any ticket or tickets in any lottery wbatfoever, until the perfon or perfons whofe licenfe or licenfes (hall have been fo recalled, (hall obtain another licenfe or licenfes for the purpofe of keepiug a lottery office, which new licenfe or Hcenfes the faid commiffionen or managers of the Irifii (late lottery for the time being, from time to time, are hereby empowered to grant, in cafe they (ball think fit, and not otherwife, upon the like terms as the original licegfe is hereby required to be granted*

Tickets In XXV. And be it cnaded, That it (hall be lawful to boy Britlfh lotteries and fell within all parts of this kingdom, any ticket or tickets Md foUU^all1 any Britifh lottery or lotteries now authorized, or here-partiIreland* to ^ ‘tuthorized by any Britilh ad of parliament, or

*	any (hare or (bares qf any ticket or tickets in any fuch Bri-

tift

Digitized by Uooq ie

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

5*7

tilh lottery or lotteries, as' if fuch Britilh tickets were A. D. tickets in a lottery eftablifhedby an ad of the parliament of 1793. thip kingdom.	Chap. 18.

XXVI.	And be it enaded, That all and lingular the pe-

nalties herein and hereby impofed, exceeding one hundred Penalties pounds, (hall, and majr he recovered by adion of debt, bill, caycred°bl plaint, or information in any of his Majefty** courts of re- £aj0n, accr»n a cord at Dublin, in which no effoign, wager of law, or court oTrccord more than one imparlance lhall be allowed.	.	;

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That no No ^ui ^ fuit, adion or profecution,' lhall be commenced or brought to be commenc-againft any perfon or perfons for any penalty or forfeiture ed, unlcfs incurred by any offence againft the proviftons herein con- vnthio 6 weeks tained, unlefs the fame lhall be commenced or brought therein. ** * within fix weeks next after the fad was committed, or fuch

•aufe of. adion lhall have accrued, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid or brought in the country, city, or place where-#in fuch offence lhall lhave been committed, or fuch caufe of adion lhall have arifen, and not elfewhere; and that if any perfon or perfons lhall be fued, molefted, or profecuted for any thing done by virtue or purfuance of this ad, fuch perfon or perfons lhall and may plead the general iffue, and give this‘ad, and the fpecial matter in evidence in his, her, or their defence, at the trial or trials which lhall be had thereupon, and that the fame was done, in pnrfoance of, and by authority of this ad; and if afterwards a verdid lhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs lhall difeontinue his*. her, or their adion or profecution, or be nonfuited, or judgment (haft be given againft him, her, or them upon demurrer or otherwise, then fuch defendant or defendants lhall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft any fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, or pr6-fecutor or profecutors, and have like remedy for the fame, a? any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts in Any other cafes by law.

XXVIII. And be it enaded. That an ad patted in the A ft 3*^/3. thirty-fecond year of hi$ Majefty’s reign, entitled. An ad c. 11. repealed, to amend the lam for the fade and mfuranec of lottery tickets,

except fuch part thereof as repeals fo much of the feveral ads therein mentioned, as are thereby repealed, lhall from and after the firtt day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, be, and the fame is hereby repealed, fate and except in all cafes relating to any profecution for or the tying for and recovering of any fine, penalty, or forfeiture incurred, or which lhall have incurred for any offence againft the fa id ad, committed before the laid day.

XXIX.	And be it enaded, That the managers and di- Drawing not



Digitized by

Google

Nopcffat

appointed m manager of lot‘j teri«,to a& mntil he (hall have thtertd intoarecogfli-sauce'wfth % farttiesior io©ol.

Manager not

to receivefrlarv, «mle(s lottery duly drawn.

Secretary to mter imo a re-aoguiaantewkh * faretiea for *ioeoL

clerk fool.

affiftant tec, jooL

The th*rtf4lird<Y*aritf GoQrgcJlL

aot ccafc or conclude the dmwiog of the fame, tmtibeKry ticket or number, and evepr. prize ami blank in fuch lottaj, which (hall have been put in the wheels, ufed forcontamft£ fuch tickets or numbers, and r prizes .and blanks, 4b*ll be rdrawn thereout, any ad or ads oF^arliaineutto tbccoouvy notwithftftndftg.

XXX.	And be itenaded, That .no .pcrfcn heretofore appointed or hereafter to be appointed a manager and director of lotteries to this kingdom,. (ballad in the management of any lottery hereafter to be drawn in this kingde^n^ ft in the drawing of any lottery, unt3 fuch pcrfpn mall bare;-catered into a recognizance.to his Majefey, before the baron, or one of the baroos of his. Majefty’s court of Ctd*-.quer, with two fufheient fureties to^be approved of by fach chief baron, or other baron, in the fum of one thoufiiod pounds, conditioned that if fuch manager and <bredor .flg5l in all things, fo long as he (hall be a-manager and diredaf of any lottery in this kingdom, well and truly.obfcrve, fulfil, And difcharge the trull repofed in him,.as a nuna^pr #od diredor of any fuch lottery-or lotteries, and that if fuch lottery or lotteries, and all the tickets And,numbers, and jQ prizes and blanks therein, (hall be fully end duly tlrdwo, fo that at the clofe .of the drawing of any, fuch lottery*. there /ball not remain any ticket or number, or any psze pc hkytk cundrkwn, and fo that the number of, tickets wniehlhaftbe drawn, (hall be equal to the number of prises and blanks in fuch lottery, fuch tecogoizance. (hall be voi$, othenfife to remain in full force.

XXXL And be it euaded, That no manager of diredor of fuch lottery,. (hall be entitled to receive any falser or #*--ward for bis Service in drawing, or fuperintending the drawing of fuch lottery, until it mall appear to the jonT&ut*-lumt, .or other chief governor of this.kingdom, that fpeh lottery hath been fully, fairly* aad completely drawn.

XXX11.	Aad be it enaded, That no perfon (hall ad as a fecretary, clerk, or aififtaut fecretary under the managers and di redors of any. lottery, ualcfs fuch perfon (hall, with two fuificient fureties, have entered into a recognisance in manner aforefaid; if a fecretary, in the fum of one thoufhnd pounds } if a clerk, in the fum of two hundred pounds; and if affillant fecretary, in the fum of live hundred pounds, conditioned that he (hall faithfully and duly execute and perform the trull repofed in .him, and the duties to his office belonging.

•XXXIU. And whereas ft. purfuance of an ad palled lad felDon of parliament, aud the powers thereby created, a tottery was eftab?i(h*:d and drawn : and whereas it is sdledg-cd, thatfome irregularity attended the. drawing of the .fud

lottery.

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

lottery, and great confufton may arife from bringing into queftion the propriety of the faid drawing: be it declared and enacted, That the drawing of the faid lottery (hall be deemed and taken to be legal and effe&ual to all intents and purpofes ; and that no a£ion or fuit at law, or in equity, fhull be commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perform whatever, for or on account of fuch irregularity 5 and that all contra&s, fecurities and engagements founded on the faid lottery, or any ticket or number contained therein, fave contra&s rcfpe&ing any ticket in the faid lottery which was not drawn, and did not remain in the wheel at the end of the faid drawing, fliall be valid and effe&ual to all intents and purpofes, faving to all and every perfon every fuch action or fuit which may have been commenced on or before the firft day of this feflion of parliament.

CHAP. XIX.

jin AS} for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Caf tlecomet*, in the County of Kilkenny, to the City of A/7-kenny.

HERE AS the highway or road leading from the town of Caftlecomer, in the county of Kilkenny, to Green’s bridge, in the city of Kilkenny, by reafon of the feveral hollow ways, and the many and the heavy carriages frequently palling through the fame, is become fo ruinous and bad, that in the winter feafon many parts thereof are impaifable for waggons, carts, cars and carriages, and very dangerous for travellers, and cannot by the ordinary courfe appointed by the laws and ftatutes of this realm be effe&ually amended, and kept in good and fuf-cient repair ; wherefore and to the intent .that the faid highway and road may, with convenient fpeed be effe&ually amended, and hereafter kept in good and fuflicient repair, fo that all perfons may travel through the fame with fafety 5 be it enabled by the King’s moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and* commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That for the better Truftees furveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in repair the names, faid highway or road, it ihall be in the power of the right honourable John earl of Ormonde, the right honourable Otway lord vifeount Defart, the honourable Walter Butler, commonly called lord vifeount Thurlcs, the honourable John Butler Wa^ndesford, the honourable James Butler, the honourable Charles Butler, George Roth, James Cooke, John Waring, John Enery, Chriilopher Hunt,

Edmund Butler, John Boyd, Patrick Denn, William Wil-Vol, IX.	L	1	kinfon.

Drawing deemed legal.

Digitized by

Google

toll* to be taken « herein.

77* thirly-ib'urd Ttar cf George III.

kinfon, Roger Garraway, and Henry Garraway, efi|utre% the reverend Edward Groome, Francis Lodge, John Hen-dr ickcn, Nicholas Brenan. Patrick Comer ford, Bartholomew Brophy, Williarp Giltenan, William Kavenagh, Thomas Earl, John Waring, John Enery, Patrick Welch, junior, the reverend John Brodrick, Matthew Scott, Peter Wall, Verc Foller, Francis Reynolds, Her.ry Greene, Felix Byrne, Mirtin Bergin, John Cole, Arthur Gore, and Bernard Scott, gentlemen, and the reverend Edwatd Vigors, who are hereby nominated and appointed truftees of the (aid road, and the fnrvivors of them, rhey, or any feven or more of them, or fuch perton or perfenj -as they or any fever or more cf them (hall authorize and appoint, (hall and may ere&, or caofe to be erected, one or more gate or gates* turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, or acrofs any part or parts ot the laid highway ami road, and alto a toll houfe, or toll-houfes ; and there (hail receive and take the toll* and duties following, before ary horfe, mare, gelding, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, ca-^afh, chaife, chair, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, (hall be permitted to pafs through the fame, ‘videlicet, for every coach, berlin, chariot, caiafh, chaife, or chair, drawn by fix horfes, geldings or mares, the fum of one (hilling and fix pence ; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, caiafh, chaife, or chair drawn by any leflcr number of horfes, geldings or mares, than fir, and more than two, one (hilling; for every coach, berlfti, chariot, calaiii, chaife, or chair drawn with two horfes, geldings, or marcs, fix pence; for every waggon, wain, or cart, with four wheels, the fum of ten (hillings; tor every waggon, wain or cart with rwo wheel*, drawn by more than two horfes, mares or geldings, or oxen, the fum of five (hillings; for every cart, waggon, or c*r, drawn with two horfe,*, geldings, or mares, the fum of four fhil-Jings; for every carriage commonly called a chair or chaife, with one horfe, mace or gelding, the tom of five pence; for every car, or other carriage, drawn but by one borfe, mare, or gelding, the fum of three-halfpence, excepting cars and horfes ioaden with turf; tor every other horfe, mare, gelding, mule or ufs Ioaden, or unladen, and net drawing, two pence^ for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the fum of ten pence per fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer number ; for every drove of calves, hogs, (heep, or lambs, the fum of b >c pence /*r fcore, and lo in proportion fijr auy greater or Jcfier number; which (aid reJpt&ive fum or (urns of money (hall be demahded and taken in the name cf, or as a toll or duty, and the money to to be raifed as aforefaid, is and Hull hereby be veiled in the faid truilees, and the fame and

every

Digitized by

G< Dgle

. T%e thirty-third Tear of George III.

fcVeiypart thereof, fhali he paid, applied, and difpofed of, And affigned to, and for the feveral ufes, intents and pur-pofes, and in fuch manner as is herein after mentioned* and dire&ed; and the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, are hereby empowered by themfelves, or any person or perfons by them, or any feven or more of them* under their hands and feals thereunto authorized, to levy the toll or duty hereby required to be paid, upon any per-fon rtr perfons who thall, after demand made thereof, ne-gleft or refufe to pay the fame, by diftrefs of any horfe or horfes, or other cattle or goods, upon which fuch toll or duty is by this ad impofed, or upon apy of the goods and chatties of fuch perfon or perfons who ought to pay the fame, and may detain and keep the fame, until fuch toll or duty, with the reafonablc charges of fuch diftraining or keeping (hall be paid; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons fo diftraining, after the, fpace of five days, from the time fuch diftrefs made and takeu, to fell the goods diltrained, returning the overplus (if any be), upon demand to the owner thereof, after fuch toll, duty, and reafonable charges for diftraining and keeping the fame, (hall be paid.

][. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That out of the firft money arifing from the profits of the feveral turnpikes to be erefted, the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall fir ft pay and di (charge the cxpence of procuring this a ft of parliament, and of ereft-ing fuch turnpike or turnpikes, or building fuch toll-houie or toll-houfes, and from and after fuch charges and cx-pences ihalkbe fully fatisfied and paid, that then and from thenceforth the profits arifing, and the tell to be collefted at any turnpike or turnpikes to be erefted or fet up on the faid road, leading from the town of Caftlecomer, in the county of Kilkenny, to Green's-bridge, in the city of Kilkenny, (hall be applied for, and towards the repair of the faid road only, and not ctherwile.

ill. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever, owning or renting or occupying any land near unto any turnpike to be ertfted in pursuance of this aft, (hall for gain, reward, or otherwife, permit any perfon or perfons whatfoever to pafs through any gate, paflage, or way with any coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife or chair, waggon, wain, cart, car or other carriage, or riding or drawing any horfe, mule, afs, or any fort of cattle to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and (hall be thereof convift-ed upon the oath of one or more witnefs or witnefles before the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, or before one or more jullice or juftices of the peace for the county L 1 2	wherein

Tollsto be applied as herds.

Penalty on owners of hnds permitting persons to pafs through the fame to avoid paying toll, ios.

Digitized by ^ooQle

The ihirijxhird Tear if George TIT.

A. D. Wherein ftfch Offehcfe or o/fcwceiB fhall be committed, wto 179J.	are hereby empowered 'and neqofrfed To adtfmrrftrtr fo&

Cfmpi 19.	oartff, fuch perfon or perfbns ’ffrtH forfeit und fmy to kbe

trainees authorized to put1 this a& in exetutl60, thfc ibni «f ten OiilHngf, to be levied by diftrefs and fafe *df the offenders gckxJs, by warrant unefer the hand andfeab or under the hands and feafs of the fkld trtifteer, or atty feven 'Or of them, or of fu£h ’jit ftfee or juftiues, tendering tlhe overpho to the owner, (if any be,) the ehargei in tinriog nitd difc. pofing of the iftfd godds being firft deduftfefl.

TmTip?ker,6re. jy	|je	further	euafted'by the authority -aforeftid,

acroiaVaries *	That it thall and may he lawful to ttndfbr tht laid truftees,

•	*	—	^i.»	f—u.«r ■ lawk	 «-	-j-	—

gaffes, turnpike or turnpikes on the tide of Thfe fidd-highway or'road aefafs any lane Or way leading out of the laid rohd, ahd to build One or ifcofe tbfl-hbufe or toll-houfes, ’*rid thefe to receive and take fuch roll as is appointed by this art to be taken, fo as the fame do nOt eifteOd to* double charge, in cafe of puffing1 the fame day through any df the other turnpikes to be'ereded by virtue of this aft, from the totvn c f Caitlecdnrer, in (hte Ooumy of Kilkenny, to the eity of Kilkenny.

^fiiHeesmay V/ ^nd be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, avv«hr coitec- Tbit die faud truftees, or any feveii or more of them, at

der their hand's and Teals, fhall and may deft, nominate, *nd appoint orte Or more fit^pftfonor perfbur to be receiver or receivers, colleftor or colfeftors of Tbch money in the name of fuch toll or duty as (ftall be due and pay-able by virtue of this aft, and alfb One or more fit perfm orperfbns :o be fbrvcyor or farveyOts, tb fee the condition of the laid highway or road, and to fee that the fame die repaired and amended, and that the money arifing and expanded by virtue of this aft, be duly applied, and from rime to time to* remove fuch colleftors, receivers, and forveyors, or any or either of them *5 they fhall fee oc-eafion, and appoint new ones in cafe of death, or of fuch removal,* and fuch perfrtn or perfens as is, or are liable 8y tins aft,* tt) pay the fiid toll or duty, is and 'are hereby required to pay the fame, after tfie rates aforfcfiid, to the faid receiver or rebelvets, colfetVor or collectors of tht faid toll or duty in that behalf from trtne tb time appointed as a fore fa id,* for the receiving the faid toll or duty, and fuch furveyor ’ or furveyofs as *afbrefatd fhall, upon ©ath by the ttuftees, or‘any feven or more of; them, ft before one Or more juftice or juftices of the peace refiding near the highway or road aforefaid, (which oath faid truf-tee.% or any feven Or mbre of them, or fuch juftice or juf-tices is and are* hereby empeftreted to • requite 'and admiaif*

wherein. * w any feven Or indfeof them, to ereft One or more gatlrcfr

twrs, 6*6. their meeting, or any fuccOeidlng meeting, by Writing un-

ter,)

Digitized by

X

Th thirty-tJnrd TtQr of Georgs IU-

te r.) oathefirfl TucfJay in cvery month, Qrofcnsr if re-

?iireJ, daring the continuance of this zlt, give h a tri% xa&, and perfect account in writing, under th'rir rsfpcc-ttve hands, of aH money which he and they, ,v»i every or any of them, qr perfoa employed by them, or any of them, flull to fuch time have received, paid, and dif-kurfed by virtue pf this ad, by reafort or thrir refpe&ive offices, for which oath no fee or reward (hall be taken, and in cafe any money fo received, (ball remain, in th nr, or any of* their hands, the fame (h^ll be paid to the faid truf-tees, or any feyen or m°re of them, or to fuch perfon or perfcns as the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall by any writing or writings under their hands and leal*, authorise and empower to receive the fame, which tha'd be difburfed and laid out in amending the faid high-wa\, or road, according to the true intent and meaning of this .*ct, and pot otherwife, and the (aid trullees, or any feven or mqfe of theip, to whom fuch account (hall be gives, (hall and may out of the money arifing by the (aid toll or duty, make fuch allowance to thp faid receiver or receivers, solicitor orcpl!e$ors* and the fpryeyor or furveyqrs, for pnd in conftderptiop qf bis and their care and pains respectively teken fa the exeemiqo of his and their office and ok fic<Mt and tQ fach other pprfoo or psrfqns. whq have bee* pr (hpll foe afljftipg ip ppd	proepring	the fa;d bjghr

wsjf and road to be pipepded and repaired, by advancing qnd laying opt any money or faberwife rch^ipg thereunto, a$ to th$m (hall feem gopd, fp as ipcji aWp^ance or allow-gnats to fuch colleftor qr colleftors* da "not annually ex-peed twpntypopnds, and tpfuch 6irveym;orfurveyors,qny fum pot exceeding two (hillings a day, during fucqtime.or times as. fie or they (hall be refpedtively employed fa thf repair of tn? kid roads, and fp as fuch allowance or allq>va.nc> s to any prher perfon or pejfons who (hall be empjoyed by virtue of this att, do*5 «pt exceed the fun\ of fifteen pounds’yearly to each perfon, and in ca£; the faid receiver pr, receivers, colle&or or colleftors of the aforefaid, toll. or. duty, or any of them, (hall not make lucl\ account'and,payipent unto fach perfon or perfons, according to thp order and directions of the faid trulfcees, or any feven or more.of them as aforefaid, that then the faid justices of th^ peace at any fpecial feflions or meeting of them to be holdep for the county in which the ftid receiver or receivers, cplieftgr pr co.lle^ors have a£^ed? or been employed, and	fuchv

default as aforefaid, fhall and are hereby required and empowered to make enquiry, and finally to determine of, and concerning fuch default as wf 11 by the confefi\pn ot the (aid parties themfelyes, as by the tedimony of one pr qjqrc credible witnefy or witnefles uppn oaph> which oath

they..

Digitized by

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

they are hereby empowered and required to ad outrider without fee or reward, and if any perfon or perfons (hall be convi&ed thereof by fuch juftices, the faid juftices (hall upon fuch con vision, commit the party or parties to the common gaol of the county where fuch offence (hall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprise, until he or they (hall have made a true and perfect account and payment as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and tor the faid furveyor or

and carry away furveyors, and fuch perfon or perfons as he or they (hall ap-raatcnaU out of • / ^	•/»	,	,	,

any parilh, &c. Point> to dlS» ralfc> gallicr>	and	carry	away any gia*

vel, furze, (and, ftones, or other materials out of any watte or common of any parifh, town, viliage or hamlet, iu or near which any foundcrous or ruinous places of the faid highway or road do lie, and for want of fufficient graved, furze, (and, Hones, or other materials there to dig, gather, raife, take and carry away the fame out of auy watte, or %	any	common	of	any	neighbouring	parifli,	town, village, or

hamlet, without paying any thing for the fame, and where '	there	is not fufficient of any fuch materials in any common

or wade ground near adjoining, jt (hall and may be lawful for them by order of the faid truflees, or any feven or more of them, to dig, raife, and carry the fame in the fcveral grounds of any perfon or perfons not being a garden, orchard, yard, or meadow, planted walk or walks, or avenue to a houfe where any fuch materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry away fuch, and fo much thereof as the faid furveyor or furveyors (hall adjudge neceffary for the repairing and amending the faid highway or road, paying fuch rates for fuch materials to the owner or occupier of *	the ground from whence the fame (hall be digged, railed,

gathered, and carried away, as the truftees appointed, of to be appointed to put this ad in execution, or any fevea or more of them (hall adjudge rcafcnable ; and in cafe of anv difference between fuch owner or occupier, and ths faii truftees touching the value of the materials and the damage* aforefaid, the judges of affize at the next general afiizes, and general gaol delivery to be holden in the county where Inch materials (hall be digged, raifed, or gathered, and froip whence the fame (hall be carried away, may and thall adjudge, a fiefs, and finally determine the fame.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority afort-Surveyors,	That	it	(hall	and may be lawful to ao<J for the furveyor

Sec. may re- or furveyors, or fuch perfon or perfous as he or they Dull move annoyan- appoint, from tjmc to time, to remove and prevent annoy-vests herein. ances on any p^t of thc highway or rogfl* hereby intended

Surveyors, &c. may dig

Digitized by

The thirty-third Tear of George III*

tended to be repaired, by fifth* dung, afhes, rubblfh, wa-tcr-courfes, fmlc3 or drains running into the faid highway or road ; and to cleanfe any ditch or water-conrfe adjoining to the faid road ; and to cut down, lop or top any trees or bufhes growing in the faid highway, or in the hedges or banks adjacent to the faid highway, and to take and carry away the fame, the owner or occupier negfe&ing to cut down fuch trees or bufhes, or to remove fiich other annoyances for the fpace of ten days, after notice in writing given for that purpofe, under the hands of feven of the faid truf-tecs, the charges whereof (hall be rcirobtirfed the laid ftir-veyoror furveyors, by fuch owners or occupiers negMing to cut down the faid trees or bufhes, or to remove fuch other annoyances as aforefard ; and if after removal of any fuch annoyance, any perfon or perfons (hall again offend Li like kind, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending and being thereof convi&ed upon the oath of one or more witoefa or witnefTes, before one of more juflice or juflices of the peace for the faid county where fuch offence (hall be committed, (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay unto the faid trufUes where fuch offence (hah be committed, ten fhU-Jings, to be levied in manner aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority afore-faid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the furveyor or fnrveyorg, by order of the faid truflees, or any feven or more of them, to make or caufe to be made caufeways, and to cut and make drains through any grounds lying contiguous to the faid road, and to ere6t arches of brick, timber or done thereupon, and alfo to widen any’ of the narrow parts of the faid highway or road, by opening, clearing, and laying into the faid highway or road any ground ot any perfon or perfons lying contiguous to fuch highway or road, not being a lioufe, garden, orchard, planted walk, or avenue to a houfe; and alfo to caufe ditches or trenches to be made in fuch places, and in fuch manner as fuch furveyor or fur-veyors by order of the faid truflees, or any feven or more of* them (hall adjudge neceffarv, for the better amending and keeping the (aid highway or road in good repair, making fuch reafonablc fathfadlion to the owner or occupier of fuch ground, which (hall be fo laid in or unto the faid highvCay or road through which any fuch drain or drains (hall he cut, or on which any fuch arch or arches (hall be made, for the damages which he or they (ball, or may thereby fuftam, as lhall be affeffed and judged by the next going judge or judges of affize, or by the juflices of the peace, or the major pa t of them, at the next general aflizes, or quarter felfions, to be holder) for the county in which fuch ground (hall he laid into the faid highway or road, and through which any fuch

2	drain

Canfeways and drains may be made through coutt-guou> ground fcc.

W

Digitized by

Google

Said road may be (horteucd.

The thirty-third Tear *f George III.

drain or drains, dkch or ditches (hall be cut or made, or pv which fuch arch or arches (hall be eroded or made, or fuch caufcways made in cafe of any difference concerning tbit fame; and if any owner or occupier of any watcicourfe, ditch or ditches adjoining to the (kid highway'or road* (hall neglcft or refn (e to (coin* or cleanfe fuen water-courfes, and to make fuch ditches fo deep, and in fuch manner as the furveypr or furveyors (hall adjudge proper and convenient; after ten days notice (hall be given for that purpofc, by fuch furveyor or furveyors, or fuen perfon or perfons as (hall be appointed by him or them, to fuch owner or 'owners, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the furveyor or furveyors to fet any man or men to work, to feour or cleanfe, and make the fame, and by warrant in writing under the hands and feals of any feven or more of the laid truftees, to k*y the charge thereof upon the goods'or eftates of the owner or owners, oocupier or occupiers of fuch water-courfe, ditch or ditches, by (fiftrefs and falc of his or thfcir goods and chatties, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the faid 'owner * or occupier, after all charges paid. <	/

IX.	And whereas the faid highway or road leading from the faid town of Caftlecoroer, in the county of Kilkenny, to the city of J£iUf*nny» may be confidently (hortened, and piade much more convenient for travellers, if the fame was carried ftraight, and in a direft line, where the fame if now crooked, for remedy whereof, apd tfiat all juft and rca-fpnable fatisfaftion may be given for the land made ufe of carrying fuch road ftraight as aforefaid ; be it further enabled by the authority aforefiaid, ^hat (h^U and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any eleven or more of them, to afeertain, dtferibe, and fet apart fuch pirt and

(roportion of the lands adjoining or contiguous to the faid ighway or read, or whicji otherwife lies moft convenient for carrying on, and continuing the faid highway or road ftraight, and in direft lines, as they the faid truftees, or any eleven or more of them (hall judge rteceffary, for carrying the fame ftraight, and in a direft line as aforefaid ; and the faid truftees, or any eleven cr more of them, are hereby further authorized and empowered to treat and agree with the owners, and others interefted in the laid ground, to be made life of in carrying the faid toad ftraight as aforefaid, for fuch tecompence and fatisfaftion to be made for the fame, out of the tolls and duties arifing by virtue of this aft, as the faid truftees, or any eleven or more of them, (hall think fit and reafonable ; and in cafe sny perfon or perfons (hall tie* gleft or refnfc to treat, or agree as aforefaid, or through any difability, non-age, coverture, !or fpecial limitation itr any fcttlcment or fetutments, or by rtaion of any other im-1	pediment?

Digitized by

Ths thirty-third fear sf Gcpxgt IIj[,

pediments cannot, or otherwife howfaever refufe to difpole of their refpe&ive intereft in fuch land, as the faid truftees, or any eleven or more of them ihall think convenient, for the (hortenlng the faid road, in every fuch cafe the faid truftees, or any eleven or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to iffuc forth their warrant or warrants to the fheriff or fheriffs of the county wherein fuch ground ^pth lie, to impanel and return before the faid truftees, or any eleven or more of them, at fuch time and place within the faid county, as (hall be appointed in fftch warrant or warrants, a fufficient jury, who upon their oaths (which (aid oaths the faid truftees, or any eleven or more of them, are hereby empowered' and required to adminifter), (hall enquire into the true and real value of fuch ground to be made ufc of for the faia highway or road, and fuch verdi& or inquifitions as (hall be fo found and returned by the faid jury, ascertaining the value of fuch ground, (hall he final and conclufive, as well to the faid truftees, as to the feveral and refpedive owners and proprietors of fuch grounds, notwith(landing any difability or incapacity whatsoever,	’

X.	And for as much as tjie money to be coljefted by fuch receipt of the faid toll, will not hie at prefent fufficient for the fpeedy repairing of the faid highway or road : be jt further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid truftees, or any fifteen or more of them, (hall and may, and are hereby empowered from time to time, by writing under their refpe&ive hand’s and feals, to afirgnoyer the faid rcfpec-tive toll or duty hereby granted, or any part thereof, the cods and charges whereof to be pome and paid out of fuch feparate toll or duty, for any term or time during the continuance of this adt, as a fecurity for any fum or fums of jnoncy by them to be borrowed for that purpofe, to fuch perfou or perfons, or their truftees, who mall advance and lend the fame to fecurc the payment thereof, with lawful intereft, or lefs, if tfie fame can be fd had,%which faid money borrowed, (hall be applied and dilpofed of, as the toll or duty is by this a£t to be applied and difpofed of, and to no other ufe or purpofe what foever,

XI.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-

faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, frdm time to time, during the continuance of this prefent a£t, to make out warrants or orders in writing^ under their hands, directed by the treafurer or receiver of faid tolls, requiring him to pay thereout to the perfon or petTons named in fuch warrant; or order, their executors, adminiftratora or affigns, the growing intexcli of the fum of money mentioned in fuch »■	tyarrant

Truftfe* may affign toll* for purpofesdierein.

Trufteet may make out a warrant for payment of intereft.

Digitized by Google

The thirty-third Tear of George II f.

A. IX

1793-Chap. 19.

Warrant

transfers 1 herein.

'\Y*rrar»fs to Y< nuinbat'd.

T«dU applied *y difeharge in-•Cleft.

warrant or order, as the fame ff» »II, from rime to time, br-come due, until fuch time the principal fum mentioned in fuch warrant or order, (hall be paid off 2nd difehargrd at one entire payment; provided tlkat no warrant or order to be ifined to the faid treafurer or receiver, by virtue of tLua a&, (hall be for iny greater fum than fifty pounds.

XII.	And be it further ena^ed by the authority afore* {aid, That all and every perfon or perfons to whom fuch warrants or orders fhall be given, his, her* or their execj-tors or adminiftrators, play by endorfements on fuch orders or receipts, transfer the right and benefit of the fum mentioned in fuph warrants or orders, which endorfements, upon notice to the treafurer or receiver of the faid tolls* and an entry or memorial thereof made in a book to be kept for that pnrpofc, which the faid treafurer or receiver fhall, upon veqneft, without charge, fire, or reward, make accordingly, and (hall upon the like reqtieft, permit to be viewed at rci-frmnble hours, without fee or reward, fhall entitle the indor-fee or afirgnee, his or her executors, aduiinfftrators or affigns, to the foie benefit of the fum fo transferred or af-figned, and that tbeTaid warrant or order may in like manner be afltgned or transferred by fuch afiignee, his or hec executors or adminiftrators, and fo toties quotia; and that after fuch alignment, it fhall not be in the power of the perfon or perfons who made fuch affignmeut, to make void, releafe or difeharge the faid affignment, or the fum thereby transferred or afligned, or any part thereof,

XIII.	And be it further ena&cd by the authority afore-faid, Thnt4he treafurer or receiver of the faid tolls, fhall arithmetically number all the warrants or orders which fhall be given or delivered t>ut in puriuanec of this a&, as they fhall be delivered out, commencing by number one, and fo continuing the numbers, until the whole be arithmetical^ numbered.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore* faid, That the feveral tolls or duties hereby made payable, fhall be applied and paid to the difeharge of the intereft of fo much money, as fhall be borrowed in purfuance of this a<ft, and towards the repairing the faid roads ; and that all. the furplus of the fa;*\ tolls and duties hereby made payable, over and above what fhall he fuflicient to difeharge the fa’4 intereft, and repair the faid roads, fhall be applied in dif-chargc of the principal money fo borrowed, in the manner herein after mentioned, videlicet, that when and as often 25 fuch furplus received by the faid treafurer or receiver, fhall amount to the -fum of two hundred pounds, then the faid treafurer or receiver fhall caufe the numbers of all the warrants or order* which Ihall be tffacd and delivered out, i»

purfuance

Digitized by

Goog]

Tie thirty-third Tear of George III.

purfuance of this a ft, and the fum therein contained, to'fce written on feveral tickets or pieces of parchment, and to be rolled and (ewed up, and^put into a boa or urn, and well mixed together, and an indifferent perfon to be appointed by the fald truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall pub-HckJy between the hours of ten and twelve in the forenoon* of a day to be by the faid treafurer or receiver publickly advertifed in the Dublin Gazette for that purpofe, at leaft twenty days before, at Caltlecomer, or Kilkenny, draw out of fuch box or urn, as many of the (aid tickets or pieces of parchment, as the Aims therein contained (hall amount to tne faid fum of two hundred pounds; and the perfon or p$vfons, the number of whofe warrants or orders (hall be fo drawn; his or their executors, adminiftrators qr atTigns, (halt within twenty days after the faid warrants or orders /hall be drawn as afqrefaid, be paid by the faid treafurer or receiver, the principal fums to him or them ♦efpe&ively due, wjth thf intereft for the fame until paid ; and (hall upon payment thereof, deliver up his and tneir feveral and refpe&iye warrants or orders to the faid treafurer or receiver to he cancelled, which he is hereby required to cancel accordingly; and the intereft payable by virtue of fuch warrants or orders (hall ceafe, from the expiration of twenty d^ys, to accounted from {he day of drawing the faid tickets or pieces of parch* ment.

XV.	Provided always, That in qafe there (hall more	^	^

than one gate or turnpike in, acrofs, or on the fide of the byt once * . highway or road, between the faid town of Caftlecomer,’ in day. the county of Kilkenny, and Grten’s Bridge, in the city of Kilkenny, no peifon or perfons having paid the toll or duty at the firft grfte or turnpike through which faid perfon or perfons fhall pafs, and producing a note or ticket that the faid toll or duty was paid, 1(which note or ticket the icceiver or receivers, collector or colle&ors is, and are hereby required to give gratis,) fhall be liable to pay any toll or duty at any other of the faid gates or turnpikes' upon the - feid highway or road, fuch perfon or perfons delivering the faid note or ticket to the faid receiver or receivers, cot-le&or or colleftors of the faid toll or duty, at the laft gate or turnpike the fame day ; and no perfon or perfons having occafton to pafs the place or places where the toll or duty is taken, who fhall return the fame day upon, or with the fame horfe, mare, gelding, afs, mule, cattle, coach, cha-liot, berlin, chaifc, chair, calafii, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, fhall be liable or compellable the fame day to pay the faid toll or duty more than once on the faid road.	*	'

XVI. And

Digitized by Google

Ai Df

1793.

Penalty on jiving or receiving ticket* to avoid toll*, ic*. f

Perfonsto pafs free to elec* tio**. '

Tolls may be leafed or farm-fi. ■

Toll* to be paid quarterly.

The tbirtytbird Yepc qfGtorgc UJ/

.XVI. And for the preventing fraud* and abufes in th$ ibid toll or duty; be it enaftedt by the authority: afbrefaid. That if any perfon or perfons having paid the toft or dqtjr by this aft gr^pted, ana made payable, and having fuch note or ticket, notes or tickets as is hereby direfted, (hall give or difpofe of the fame to any other perfon or perfous, in order to avoid the payment of the fajd toll or duty, every ftich perfon giving, difpofing, or offering, and the perfon receiving fuch note or ticket, notes or tickets, and being thereof convifted, upon the oath of one or more witnefs or witneffes, before the faid trufttes, or any five or more of them, or before any one or more juft ice or juftices of the peace for the county wherein fuch offence or offences (hall be committed* ( which oath the (aid truftees, and, the (aid juftice or juftices *re hereby empowered and required to adminifter,) (hall refpeftively forfeit and pay the frim of ten (hillings, to be levied, recovered, and difpofed of, as any other penalty or forfeiture is diieftedto be levied, recovered, and difpofed of by this aft.

, XVII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared. That during the continuance of (his aft, aft coaches and paffoH gers op horfeback (hall pafs and repafs toft free on the day or days on which there (hall be an cleftion for a knight or knights of the (hire to ferve in parliament for the faid county pf Kilkenny, or for a citizen or citizens to ferve in parliament fop the faid city of Kilkenny, or fop any burgefs tq ferve in parliament for any borough in the faid county, any tping herein contained to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority

aforefaid, That the faid truftces, or any feven or more of them, may at any meeting to beholden by them from time to time as they (hall fee conVenient or think fit, to contraft with any perfon or perfons for the farming and letting the foils ariftng by this prefent aft, for any fum or fum9 by the year, to be paicj by monthly or quarterly payments or oftener, to fiich pprfori or perfons as (hall be appointed from time to time \>y the (aid truilees^ or any five or more of them, ^o receive fuch quarterly pr other payments as (hall be contrafted for after fqcb pontraft or agreement (hall be made : provided fuch term lo to be granted by them, of the faid toll (ball jtot exceed the term of two years at, any one time of letting or fanning the fame, an<Jf fo yuotiej.	*

XIX.	And be it fuither enafted by the authority afbre* (aid. That the faid tniftees, or any fev^n or more of them^

may and are hereby empowered from time to time as they

1 * ....... •

, )i

Tht thirtyJbtrd faaKof Ococgc 1U*	J41

•fttll fee convenient «or think ’fit, to compound, or agree by *be year or otherwifb, wich any pcvfbn or perfoos uling *6 travel ’through -the "turnpike or turnpikes to be erected, with tiny milch ertw*, horfe, mare, or gelding, aft, or mole, at mkk any coicb, berlin, cakfh, chaife, chair, waggon, cart, fc*r, or tiny other carnage, fot any i'um or fonts of money, to be paid quarterly •from time to time after flick agreement fhall be ttutde.; and the faid *tnldees, oK*ny fit* or more df them (hall "be obliged to compound and agree by .the year, if ie<)uired, with anyperfon.or perfons residing within any •pariih through which tfhe faid turnpike road is to pafs, keeping a coach, chaife, or chair, for .any fnm not exceeding tea fhiHings and the fum of five fhiDings with every other pen-foil, excepting for carts, cars, or other carriages laden with coals, and Other perfonrs carrying goods not their own -property for hire.

XX.	Provided -alfo, and be ft hereby declared by the -authority aforefaid, That no perfon fhall be charged with *« exempted -any of the tolls and duties aforefaid, who fhall pafs through from

hny of'the turnpikes to be cre&ed by this a&, who fhall carry any quantity of vflones, gravel, or other materials for repairing the faid road, or any of the roads in the parities in which, the fame do Ue, or-in any of the neighbouring ,parifbes, nor fhall arty per fon dr perfona be chargeable with *

•the faid toll or duty for any carts, cars, or Waggons loaden "With corn in the ftraw only, nor for any ploughs, harrows, or other implements of hufbandry, in order to the ufing or repairing the fame, in the feveral parifhes in which the faid highway or road hereby intended to be repaired do lie, ndr fhall any toll or duty be demanded Or taken at any of the turnpike Or turnpikes to be'eroded for any horfe, marc, or 'gelding, mule, or other cattle -going to water, or for any poll horfe carrying the mail or packet, or for fuch horfe as is or fhall be irfed only-to ride on by the owner or driver of any waggon, cart, or carriage; provided fitch horfe pafs through the faid tarnpike or turnpikes, with fuch waggon, cart, or carriage, nor fhall any toll or. duty be demanded •or taken for the horfes of foldiers pafiing that are upon their march, or for waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages attending them, or for horfes, waggons, carts, or other ’carriages travelling with vagrants fent by pafTes, or with ‘prifonerg tranfmitted from one part of the‘kingdom to another.

XXI.	And he it further ena&cd by the authority aforc-

faid, That the toll or duty hereby granted fhall take place, Tolls to con and have continuance from and after the twenty-fourth day tin&e a* heecm. of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, for and during the term of fixty-one years, x

4	XXII. Provided

Perfons here-

J41

A- D.

1793-Chap. 19.

Tolls to ccafe, •s herein.

Road herein ta be repaired.

In cafe a truf-tec fhould d'e, Ac. another

to he i lcvMcd a» herein.

Truftees to meet as herein.

The thirty-third Teat 0/ Gtorge Ilf.

XXII.	Provided neverthdds, That if at any rime before the expiration of the faid trim of fixty-onc years, all pan* of the faid roads (hall be fufficieutly amended and repaired, and fo adjudged by the majority of truftees appointed, or hereafter to be c ho fen by virtue of this ad* by an a^udi-cation ntade, and repayment of fuch money aa (hail have beta advanced or borrowed with intereft for the feme, atnd the Cv>lis and charges thereof* the faid tolls and duties (hall cesfe and determine, any thing herein contained to the contrary •outwit h (landing*.

XXIII.	And be jt further enaded by the antbority afore-faid, That the faid road (hall be repaired froqa the faid town of Caftkcomcr to GreenVbridge in the faid city of Kilkenny.

XXIV*, And be it further enabled by the authority afore-fiud, That for the continuing a fufficient number of able perfons to he tf 11 (lees for putting in execution all and every the powers in this ad contained, for and during the continuance thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid truflecs, or any five or more of them, upon the death of ary of the faid truftees, or their removal, or refufmg to ad in the faid tiuft from time to time* and at all times hereafter during the term aforefaid, to cled, nominate, and appoint in the room of fuch truftec or truilees, fo deceaied, removed, or refufmg to ad, any fit or able perfon or perfons living in the faid county or city of Kilkenny, or clfcwhere, to be joined with the faid truilees in the execution of all and every the power and powers in them repofed by virtue of this ad, and all and every perfon and perfons fo to be cbofen truftce or truilees, to join in putting this ad in execution as they are herein before qualified to do, (hall and may, and are hereby empowered to ad, to all intents and purpofes, in as full, large, and ample manner as the faid truftees are by this ad empowered to do, and fo taii&t quo ties as often as occafioa fhall require.

.XXV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall meet at Caftlecomer in the county of Kilkenny, on the firft day of Auguil, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and the faid truftees (hall then adjourn them-felves, and afterwards meet alternately at the faid town of Caftlecomer, and city of Kilkenny, as often as it (hall be ncceflary for putting this ad in execution ; and if it (hall happen that there (hall not appear at any meeting that (hall be had or holden by the faid truftees, a fufficient number of the faid truftees to ad at fuch meeting, and to adjourn to any other day, then and in fuch cafe the clerk of the faid truftees, by notice ia writing to be affixed at the refpe&ire

gates

i

^ dbyCjOO^l^



No truftcc ^

Ttr thtrtj-lh'rtd Veitir of George III.

^ates or turnpikes, where fuch fitimber of truftees fhali be wanting at lea ft ten days before the next meeting, lhall ap-|K>tnt the faid truftees to meet at the town of Cafttecomer, and city of Kilkenny, as is herein before directed and appointed on that day fortnight, and that the faid truftees at their firft meeting, and at all other fubfequent meetings, ftiall defray their own charges and cxpences.

XXVI.	Provided sdways, and be it further ena&ed by ftie authority aforefaid, That no pcifon or perfons appoint- ^^ ^ ^ cd. Or to be appointed by this aft, a trullee or truftees for profit ani-nj quitting this aft is execution, ftiall have or accept of auv from tolls, place of profit arifing out of, or by reafon of the toll or

-duty by this aft laid or granted, but fuch perfon or perfor.s fhali be incapable from /he -time of accepting and continuing to enjoy fuch place of profit, -of afting as a trnftee*	'

XXVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority No trufeer aforefaid. That do fuch truftte or truftees (hall, in his -or central for their own name, or in the name or names of any other per* rePair °* road. fon or perfons, UNderfcake or corrtraft for tbe repair of the

faid road, or any part of it, whereby any profit may arife to him or tlicin, but that from fuch time he or they fhali ccafe to be a tniftce or truftees; and that any perfon or perfons that fhali undertake or contract for the repairing or amending thefaid road, or any part of it, ftiall, if required, take an oath before the faid tritftees refpeftively, or any feven or more of them, ^ which oath they have hereby power to adminifter,) that he or they do undertake the fame, for his or their own ufe, .and not for theufe of, or in truil far -any fuch tniftee or truftees whatsoever-

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority Smt^roH -aforefaid. That if any fuit (hall be commenced againil any commcnufil perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this as hcrctn aft, that in every fuch cafe the aftion Audi be laid in the laid

county or city of Kilkenny, and not tlfewherc ; and the •defendant or defendants in fuch aftion or aft ions to be brought, may plead the general ifliie, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter in evidence on any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance, and by the authority of this aft.; and if it ftiall appear fo to be done, or fuch action or actions fhali he brought in any other county, that then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants, and upon fuch verdift, or if the plaintiff ftiall be non fuited, or difcontinue his aftion after the defendant or defendants ftiall have appeared, or if on any demurrer, judgment ftiall he givenjigainft the plaintiff, the defendant or .defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have is any other cafes by law.

XXIX.	And

rDig/tized by

Go(.gIe

A- D.

A public aft.

\ Tlx thirty-third Tear of George III.

XXIX. And be it farther enafted/by the affihoritr aforefaid, That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft, and be judicially taken notice of as luch by all judges, jtiftices, and other perfoos wliatf> ever, without fpeciaUy pleading the fame.

CHAP. XX.

An AH for continuing and amending the fevered Ads, for making, widening, and repairing the road leading frm tbe Town of Newcaftle, in the County of Limerick, to the City of Limerick, and from thence to tlx Bounds of the Contm of Limerick and Cork, between the Townt of Kittmallodt aid Charlevil/e, end to continue an A3 faffed in the Twenty eighth Tear tf Bit prefent Maye fly. Entitled, An Ad to continue and amend an A3 faffed in the Fifth Tear of Hh late Maje/ly’s Reign, Entitled, An A3 for repairing tlx Road leading from the Tottm tf Newcaftle in the County of Limerick, to the City tf Limerick, and from thence to tbe City of Cork.

WHEREAS an aft pafled in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majelty King George the fecond, entitled, An ad for repairing the road leading from tbc town of Newcaftle, in the county of Limerick, to the city of Limerick, and from thence to the city of Cork ; as alfo an ad pafled in the nineteenth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, entitled, An aH to continue and amend an ad, fir repairing the road leading from tlx town of Newcaftle, in tbc county of Limerick, to the c'Hy of Limerick, and from thence to the city of Cork; a3 alfo an aft paffed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prelent Majefty, entitled, An aH to continue and amend an aH, faffed in tlx fifth year of his late Moyefty's reign, entitled. An aH for repairing the road leading from the town of Neavcqftfe, in the county of Ia-meric k, to the city cf Limerick, and from thence to the city of Cork, are near expiring; and it is expedient to continue aa aft for making, widening, and repairing fo much of faid road, as lies within the county, or county of the city of Limerick, that is to fay, from the town of Newcaftle, in the county of Limerick, to the city of Limerick, and from thence to the bounds of the counties of Limerick and Cork, between the towns of Killmallock and Charleville: be it therefore enafted by the King’s moll excellent Majefty, by and with tbe advice and confent of the lords fpintual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament af-

femblcd

Digitized by

Google



Tbt tbiriythfrd Tear of George IIL	$$$

femhled, and; by the authority of the fame. That from a*4	A* D.

after the twenty fifth day of Anarch, one thoufand feveu. 179$. hundred and ninety-three, it (hall be in the power of the Chap. *0. right honourable lord Fitz-Gibbon, the right honourable K^~*f***+J, lord Pery, the right honourable lord MWkerry, the right # Perfont hcre-honourabie lord MifTey, the honourable Edmond Henry *n t*.amed» J14* Pery, the right honourable Silver Oliver, fir Henry Hart- creA^tutnpike*, ftonge, baronet, fir Richard Qnin, haronet, fir Vere Hunt, flee, baronet, fir Hugh Dillon Mafiey, baronet, honourable John Maffey, honourable Edward Mafiey, Henry Baily, cfquire, Sexton Baily, efquire, Gerald Biennerhafiett, cfquire, John Browne, cfquire, Chidley Coote ot Afhhill,

* efquire, -Charles Conyers, junior, efquire, John Croker, ef. quire, Jofeph Viiliers, ofjuire, Stephen Creaghe, efquire*

John Creaghe, efquire,, Edward Croker. of Ballyneguard,

Cfquire, Robert Cripps, efquire, James Cooper, cfquire,

Raymond Evans, efquire, William Fitz-Gerald, efquire,

Henry Fofbery, efquire, Francis Fofbery, cfquire, Edmond Fitz-Gerald of Balliuvira, efquire, Richard Harte, efquire,

Robert Holmes, efquire, Lancelot Hill, efquire, Thomas Lloyd of Profpeft, cfquire, reverend Richard Lloyd, John Coplen Langford, efquire, William Lloyd, efquire, George Maunfel, efquire, reverend William Maunfel, Eyre Mafiey,

Cfquire, John Mafiey of Bohir, efquire, James Fitz-Gerald x Mafiey, efquire, William Mafiey,. efquire, William Thomas Monfell, efquire, reverend chancellor William Maunfcll,

Eaton Maunfell, cfquire, the mayor of Limerick, for the time being, Colin Maxwell, efquire, Terence Morifell, efquire, William Norris, efquire, Thomas 0‘Dell, efquire,

Richard Oliver, efquire, Jofeph Peacock, efquire, Caleb Powell, efquire, John Pigott, efquire, Charles Silver Oliver, efquire, Robert Powell, cfquire, Thomas Goodrick Peacock, cfquire, Windham Qmn, efquire, alderman David Roche,

Thomas Henry Royce, efquire, Francis Rufiell,. efquire,

William Reeves, efquire, John Prendergaft Smyth, efquire,

Philip Smyth, efquire, Crofbie Morgell, efquire, Michael Sea; 1 Ian, efquire, Maurice Sarddart junior, efquire, Richard Taylor, efquire, John Tuthill, efquire, Chriffopher Tut hill, efquire, Charles Vereker, cfquire, R lph Weftroph, efqu’re,

William Wilfon, efquire, Walter Widenham, el quire, Sar muel Dickfon, efquire, Standifh Grady of Grange, efquire,

William Gabbett, efquire, John Grady, efquire, Standifh Grady of Elton, cfquire, Standilh Grady of Capperciillen* cfquire, Jbfeph Gubbins, cfquire, John Thomas Monfel, cfquire, William O’Dell, efquire, John Weftrop of Atty? flynn, efquire, John Waller,kefquire, John Wdtrop of Bsd-lylteen, efquire, John Gifene, efquire, William Smyth, efquire, William Thoma* Locke, cfduire* the reverend Vol. IX,	M	m	William

* ^

Digitized by Google

J4*>	TheMrfy-ihrd	Tear	of George III.

A. D. William Butler O'Dell, James Gilbbins, efquire, reterebd 1793* Richard Gibbons, reverend Jonathan Bnice, do&or William Chap. 20. Furtong, Jofeph Furiong* efquire, Derby 0‘Grady, efquire, Chldley Coote of Mount-Coote, efquire, the reverend John Parker, Chriftopher Saunders, efquire, the reverend James * £llard, George Stamer Gubbins, efquire, the reverend William A (he, fir Chriftopher Knight, John Lloyd, efquire, Henry Harding, efquire, Samuel Tomkins, efquire, D*Courfey 0‘Grady, efquire, Standifli 0‘Grady, efquii*, Mr. Robert Maxwell, Anthony Lefroy, efquire, George Smyth, efquire, who are hereby nominated and appointed truftees of the faid road, and the furvivors of them, or any feven or more of them, or filch perfon or perfons as they* or any feVen ot more of them hall authorise and* appoint, fo continue ot cre&, or catffe to be continued or ere&cd 6nc or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes in, upon, foDshe’reinto	or acr°k any part or parts df the faid roads; and alfo a

he	toll-hotffe or toll-houfes, and there to receive and take the

tolls and duties following, before any horfe, mare, gelding, als, or mule, cattle coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife or chair, waggon, wain, cart, car, or Other carriage fhaH be permitted to pafs through the fame ; for every coach; berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, drawn by fit horfes mares, geldings, afles or mules, the film of two Ihillings and two pence ; for eVery coach, berlin, chariot, Calafh, chaife, or chair drawn by four horfes mares, geld* Ings, afles, or itiules, the fum of one (Killing and feven pence halfpenny ; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair drawn by t\vb horfes; mares, geldings, afles or mules, the funi of eight pence ; for every waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage with four wheels drawn by two horfes, mares geldings, oxen, affes or mules, the fum of one fhfllihg and feven pence halfpenny ; and for every additional horie, mare, gelding, ox, afs or rilulc drawing the fame, the funi of two pence ; for every waggon, wain, cart, car; Or other carriage with two wheels,, drawn by three horfes, mares geldings, oxen, afles or mules, the fum of five pence; for every waggon, wain, can, car; or other carriage, with two wheels, drawn by three horfes mares geldings oxen, afles or miiles the fum of five pence; for every waggon, wain. Cart, car, or other carriage, drawn by ttfO horfes; mares, geldirigs oxen, afles or mules the fum of three pende; for evdry carriage commonly called a chaife or chair, with one horfe, mare, ot gelding, the fum of four pence; for every car, cart, or other carriage, having but one horfe, mare, gelding, d<, afs or mule, the fum of one penny halfpenny; for every horfe; gelding, mare, afs or mule, wfaereem one or more pcifons (hall ride, the

fum

Digitized by v^ooQle

• The thirty-third Tear of George III*

fum of one penny halfpenny ; for every horfe. mare, gelding, afs or mule, leaden or unladen, and not arawn, or not having any perfon riding thereon, the fum of one penny ; for every drove of o*en, or neat cattle, the fum of one (hilling per fcore, and for every drove of calves, hogs, (heep, or lambs, the fum of fix pence per fcore / and the money fo to be railed, (hall be veiled in faid truftecs, and applied to the nfes herein after mentioned; and the faid trui-tees, or any feven or more of them, or fuch perfon or per-fons as they or any five or more of them, under their hands and feals (hall duly authorize, are hereby empowered to levy the tolls and duties aforefaid, upon any perfon or perfons, who after demand thereof, (hall neglect or refufe to pay the fame, by dilirefs of any cattle or goods, upon which fuch tolls and duties are hereby impofed, or any goods or chattels whatfoever, of fuch perfon or perfons fo neglecting or re-fufing to pay fuch tolls or duties, and may detain fuch cattle, goods or chattels, until fuch toll or duty, with the reafonable coils and charges of diftraining and keeping the fame, (hall be paid; and if fuch tolls or duties, with /uch reafonable cofts and charges, (hall not be paid within five days next after fuch diftrefs (hall be fo taken, it (hall hnd may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as they or any five or more of them (hall authorize as aforefaid, to fell the cattle, goods or chattels fo diftrained thereby to levy the tolls and duties which fuch perfon or perfons (hall fo negled or refufe to pay, together with fuch reafonable cofts and charges, returning the overplus upon demand, to fuch perfon or pfcr-fons.

II.	And be it cnaded by the authority aforefaid, That the tickets taken at the feveral gat^s or turnpikes ereded, or to be ereded by virtue df this and the faid former ads, on the road leading from the faid town of Newcaftle, to the faid city of Limerick, (hall be taken and accepted of, at all and every fuch gates as are, or (hall be ereded on the faid road from Newcaftle, to the city of Limerick, and no further.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the tickets taken at the feveral gates or turnpikes ereded, or to be ereded by virtue of this, and the former ad, on the road leading from the city of Limerick, to the bounds of the county of Cork, (hall be taken and accepted of, at all and every fuch gates as are or (hall b« ereded on the (aid road from the faid city of Limerick, to the bounds of the county of Cork aforefaid, and no further,

M m a	IV.	And

54?

A. D.

1793-Chap. 20.

Tickets to pafs from New* caftle to Limerick, and do further.

Tickets to pafs from city Limerick to bounds of 10. Cork.

Digitized by Google

The thirty-third Yea* %f George ill*

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afozc&ud.

That out of the firft monies to arife by fuch tolls or duties to be gathered and colleded at the turnpike or turnpikes; eroded, or to be ereded on the faid road leading from the town of Newcaftle, to the city of Limerick, the laid truf-tecs, or any feten or more of them, (hall pay and difeharge the expenses of eroding turnpikes and tolbhoufes in and upon the Lid road, for the better colle&ing of the tolls and dntics afore fa id ; and after the purpofea a fore (aid (hall be completed, then that the tolls and duties to be takeo at the gates ereded, or to be ereded as aforefaid, on the road leading from the town of Newcaftle, to the efty of Limerick, be applied for, aud towards the making, widening, and repairing the faid road leading from the town of NewcafUe, to the city of Limerick, and towards the payment of the (a- * larics to the colledor, furreyor, and other perfons ftationed or employed thereon, or in paying fuch perfon or perfons ftich fum and fums of money as (hall be contraded by the faid truftees, or any fire or more of them, for the making, widening, and repairing faid road, or any part of the faid road, and which the faid truftees, or any (even or more of them, are hereby empowered to do; and that out of the tolls and duties to be taken at the gates ereded, or to be ♦reded, on the road leading from the city of Limerick, to die bounds of the county of Cork aforefaid, the faid truf* te$sf or. any feven or more of them, (hall pay and difchaige the expences of eroding turnpikes and tollrhoufes m and upon the faid road, for the better collediug the tolls and duties aforefaid; and after the purpofes aforefaid (hall be •oinpleted then that the toils and duties to be taken at the gates ereded) or to be ereded as aforefaid, on the (aid road leading from the city of Limerick, to the bounds of the county of Cork aforefaid, (hall be applied towards the making, widening, and repairing the faid road, and towards the payment of the fadaries to the colledor, fus-vcyor, and other perfons ftationed and employed thereon, or in paying fuch perfon or perfons fuch fum and fums of money as (hall be contraded for by the faid truftees, or any live or more of them, for the making, widening, or repairing (aid roai or any part of the hud roads, and which the laid truftees, or any feven or more of them, arc hereby empowered to do.	v

V.	Provided always. That no part of the hud roads (hall be. fo ordered to be made, widened or repaired, unle&the perfon contrading for the fame, do fwear an affidavit in the form following :

/

Digitized by Google

thirty-Mrd t*ear of Gta rge Hi.

I	do	fwear, that I have lately viewed and

meajured	plantation perches of the turnpike road, {from

the town of Newcajlk, m the 'county of Limerick, to the city of Limerick, or Jrom the city of Limerick, to the hound: of the eoitnty of Corky between KMlmaHock and CharlevtUe), between Affidavit*

'the lands of	and

and including my wages at the rate of one fhilTing and fix pence tra&or «&d forty the day, that it will require the fum of *	vcyor.

effeSually to make, widen, or repair the faid plantation perches, being at the rate of	by	the	planta-

tion perch, and that the faid work is necejfary, and including fuch my wages, that it cannot be ejfeQually done for a leffer fum to the bejl of myjlill and judgment, and as 1 verily believe.

And unlef* one of the forveyors of the faid road, who fhafl be appointed in manner herein after mentioned, (hall, at the foot of fuch contra&or’s affidavit, fwear an affidavit in the form following:

I	do fwear, that / have, tvtthin fourteen

days lafl pajl, infpeSted the entire of the turnpike r ad in the above affidavit mentioned, and that the	plantation

ferches thereof, therein defcriled, at prefentfands more in need of being made, widened, or repaired, than any other pari or parts of faid road, as I verily -believe, and that the Work in the above affidavit mentioned, is necejfary, and including wages for the contra dor at the rate of one billing and fix pence by the day, that it cannot be done for a leffer fum than at the rate of by the plantation perch, to the lejl of at) JkiU -and judgment, and as I verily believe.

‘Provided alfo, That no money fo contra&ed for making, widening, or repairing any part of faid road, fhaU be ordered to be paid, uniefs the pcrfon who fo corrtra&ed, (hall fwear an affidavit in the form following:

/	do	fwear, that I have effectually and

Completely made, widened or repaired	plantation

perches of the turnpike road from the town of Newcaftle, in the county of Limerick, to the city of Limerick, or from the city of Limerick, to the bounds of the county of Cork, betweevdKilU mullock ahd CbaYleville, by me contracted for, between the lands of	and	,	at	a meeting of the

truftees of the faid road, on the ' day of	lafl.

And unlefa one of fuch furveyors (hall, at the foot of fuch rontia&or’a affidavit, fwear an affidavit in thf form following :

/

55*	7hi thirty^hird Tfar oj Gcprgc III.

A. D* /	d$	fvear,	that	I have within fourteen

1793.	. Jays loft baft, infpe&ed the	plantation	perches,

Chap. 20. mentioned in the above affidavit, W the fame are effcc-iJ tuatiy and completely madef widened} or repaired as abonc is - forth, to the beffi of my Jhill and judgment f and as J verily believe,

Which affidavits the faid truftees, or any three or i^ore of them, may fwear the parties to; and the treafurer of faid road (hall keep all fuch affidavits on files for that purpofc, for the infpeftioi of all orauy perfon or perfops ^vho (ball think proper.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons having land in his, her, or their poffcffion, adjoining to, or near any turnpike or toll-houfe erefted or built on the faid road, or any part thereof, (hall knowingly permit or fuffer any perfon or perfona to paf« through his, her, or their lands, in order to fqcb perfon or perfons avoiding the payment of any fuch toll or tolls, duty or duties by this aft impofed, and be thereof convifted by the oath of one pr more credible witnefs or witneffes, before the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them ; or befoie

■ any one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county >vhere fuch offence (hall be committed, which oath the faid truftees, qr any feven pr mpre of them, or fuch juftice or juftices ^re hereby authorized and empowered to • adminifter, every perfon for every fuch offence as fie or they fhajl be fp convifted, (hall forfeit and pay to the faid tru!-, tees, to be applied in manner as the tolls and duties aforefaid are direfted to be applied, the fum of tweuty (hillings to he levied by diftrefb and faleof the goods of the perfon or perfons fo offending, by warrant under the hands and feais of faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, or of fuch juftice or juftices, rendering the oyerplus upon demaud to the owner.	’

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-' faid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, or

any feven or more of them, to ereft turnpikes or tolbhoufir, or a turnpike or toll-houfe on the lide- of the highway, acrofa any way leading out of "faid road, and there to receive apd take the toll and duties by this aft impofed ; provided that no perfon (hall in any one day, be fubjeft to pay fuch toll or duty a fecond time.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by thp authority afbre-faid. That the faid truftees,' or any feven or more of them, at their firft meeting, or ary fucceeding meeting, by writing under their hands and (eals, (hrtll and may cleft, nominate, and appoint one Or more* fit perfoa or perfons to

be

%b$ thirty tUra Ytmrpf George III.

be receiver or receivers, colle&or or collectors of fuch mo* ney, in the name of fuch toll or duty as (hall be doe and payable by virtue of this,ad ; and alfo one or more fit perfon or/perfons to be furveyor or furveyors, to fee the condition of the faid highway or road, and to fee that the fame be repaired and amended, and that the money arifing and expended by virtue of this »Ct, be duly applied, ana from time to time to remove fuch collectors, receivers, and furveyors, or any or either of them, as they (hall fee oc-' cation, and appoint new ones in cafe of death, or of fuch removal, any fuch perfon or perfons as is or are by this aCfc liable to pay the faid toll or duty, is and are herebjy re-'

' Guired to pay the ‘fame after the rates aforefaid, to the1 (aid receiver or receiver?, collector or collectors of the faid toll or duty in that behalf, from time to time fo to be appointed ; and all fuch tiuveyor or furveyors as aforefaid, before he or they (hall be entitled to be paid his or their falary or falaries, (hall upon the (irft Monday in every iponth, or ofiener, if thereto required by any three or more of the faid truftees, which the faid truftees, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to fwear him to, that he hath, within fourteen days then laft, infpeCled the entire of the faid turnpike road to which he hath been fo appointed furveyor, and' that he hath therein made a true return of all and every encroachment or encroachments that have, fince the la*lk meeting of the truftees being made thereon, or on any part thereof, and that he hath as far as in his power, projected all offenders therein according to law, and that as wpll fuch furveyor or furveyors, collector or collectors, (hall on the nrft Monday in every month, or oftener if required, during the continuance of this aCt, upon oath as aforefaid, give in a true, exaCt, and perfeCt account jn writing under their refpeCtive hands, of all money which he and they, and every or any of them (hall to fuch time have received, paid and diftributed by virtue of this by reafon of their refpeCtive offices, for which oaths, or any of them, no fee or reward (hall be taken ; and in cafe any money fo received, (hall remain in their or any of their hands, the fame (hall he paid to the faid truftees, or any feven or ipore of thenujor to fuch perfon or persons as the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, at they are qualified to aCt, (hall by any writing or writings under their hands and feals, authorize and empower to receive the fame, which fhall be according to the true intent and meaning.of this aCt, * nd not fctherwife ; and the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, to whom fuch account (hall be given, (hall and may out of the money ari* ting by the faid joll or duty, make fuch allowance to the

faid

JS*

A. IX

*793* Chap. 20.

2

$p	Th	tbirij-ihird Tear of George HI.

J), &d receiver or receivers, collector or colle&ors, -furveyor VJQ*9	or £urv-:yor«3, for.and in caafideration of his and thek care

Ck*p«*Q»	*od pains rcfpe&ively taken in the execution of his and'

their office and offices, and to fuch other perfon or perfon* who have been or (hall be afiifting in and about procuring die faid road, or any part thereof, to be amended or repaired, by advancing or laying cut any fum, or otherwife relating thereto, as to them mail feem fair and juft ; pro-aH«wanee te vjded no fuch allowance or allowances to any fuch receiver •olle&ors not to or receivers, colle&or or collectors do annually exceed in nchjroad^* f°f l^C	^UD	P°^nds for each of the faid

v^yora^ *6^ rjM^s* or t0 an/ ^urvcyor or furveyors, the fam of a day, allowance two Shillings a d fix-pence by the day, during fuch time to other perfons or times as he or they (ball be refpe&ively employed in the repair of fhe faid road, and that r.o fuch allowance Or allowances to ap.y ptficr perfon or perfons who (hall be employed by virtue of this a&, do exceed the fum of fifteen pounds yearly for each of the faid roads; and in cafe the faid receiver or receivers, colle&or or polle&ors of the aforefaid toll and duty, or any of them, (hall not make fpeh account and payment unto fuch perfon and perfons, according to the orders and dire&ions of the faid truftees, or any five or more of {hem as aforefaid, that then the (aid judices of the peace, at any fpecial feffions or meeting of them to be hoiden for tfie county in which the faid receiver or receivers, colle&or or‘collectors, have aded, or have been employed, and make fuch default as afore-fiiidj (hall and are hereby required and empowered to make enquiry, ynd finally to determine of and concerning fuch default as well by confeffion or examination upon oath of the faid parties themfelves, as by the teftimony of one or more credible witnefs or witnefies upon oath, which oath they are hereby empowered and required to adminifter without fee op reward ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall pe convicted thereof by fuchjuftices, the* faidjufticcs upon jfuch conviction, (hall commit the party or parties to the common gaol of the county where fuch offence (hall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he or they (hall have made a true and perfect account and payment as aforefaid.

Perfons ip- IX. And be it further cnafied by the authority afore-pointed to make faid, That it (hall and may be lawful for each fiirveyor rood, may raife or furveyors fo to be appointed, and fuch perfon or gravel. Sec. perfons as they (hall employ in the making, widening, or repairing the faid road, or any part thereof, to dig, raife, gather, take, and carry* away any gravel, fand, ftones, or other materials cut of any wafte cr common, in or qear which it (hall be neceffary to make, widen, or re* pair the faid road, or any part thereof, without paying any

not to exceed 151, »jrear, etch.

Digitized by v^-ooQle

The Mrtyttird Tear of George ill.

thkg for the fame ; and in cafe there (hall not be fufficient A'. D. of fuch materials in any fuch wafte or common convenient 1793. t o the place or places where it {hall be neceflary to make. Chap. 30. widen, or repair the faid road, or any part thereof, it (hall	1

and may be lawful for fuch furveyor or furveyors, by order under the hands and feals of the faid truftees, or any five " or more of riiem, to dig, gather, raife, and take the fame in one 61 the feveral or any of the grounds of any perfon or perfons convenient to the place or places where it ihali be neceffary to make, widen, or repair the faid road, or any part thereof, not being a garden, orchard, yard, meadow, gravel-walk, or ary avenue to a houfe where any inch materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry awayfo much thereof, as fuch fuiveyoror furvey-	1

©rs in their refpe&ive places fhaii adjudge neceffary for the making, widening, or repairing the faid road, or any part thereof, paying luchiate for fuch materials, and for the damage to the owner or occupier of the ground from whence the fame frail be digged, raifed, gathered, or carried away as the-truftecs appointed, or to be appointed to put this a£t in execution, or any five or more of them ihali adjudge rcafonable; and in cafe of any difference between fuch owner or occupier, and the faid trulices, touching the value of the materiidi and damage aforefaid, the judges of afitze and general g:*ol delivery, or the juftiers of the peace, at the quancr-feflions to be holden in the county where fuch materials Ihali be digged, raifed, or gathered, and from whence the fame frail be carried away, fnail and may adjudge, aflfefs, and finally determine the fame ; and	°	for

if any perion or perfons Ihali obftraft or prevent any fuch v^ors^&c/sL furveyor or furveyors, or any perfon or perfons who by them, or any of them, (hall bs employed in digging, raifing, or carrying away fuch materials, every fuch per-jen or perfons fo obltru&ing or preventing, being thereof ccnvi&ed before the faid truftees, or any ieven or more of them, who are hereby empowered to hear arul determine the fame, or before any juffee of the peace for the county where fuch offence frail be committed, by tke oath of one or more credible vvitnefs or witneffes, which oath he and they is and are hereby empowered 10 adminifter, frail for every fuch offence forfeit and pay to the faid truftees for the ufes and purpofes of this ad, a fum not exceeding five pounds, to be levied by warrant under the hands and feals of the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, or of fuch juftice or juftices, by diftrefs and fide of the goods of fuch offender, rendering the overplus upon demand to the owner. ,

X.	And be- it farther ena&cd by the authority afore- Surveyors t« faid, That it fral) and may be lawful to and for the faid far- remove aunoy-

t	   Mice*	u	■

vcT°r a:

I

A. Q.

»793-Chap. zo.

Cauibwiyf^ drains, dec. may be eredfced in contiguous grounds, dec.

veyor or fgrveyors, and fuch perfpn or perfons as he or they fhall appoint, and they are hereby reqoired diligently from time to time to remove and prevent annoyances on any part of the faid road hereby intendfd Jto be repaired, by removing any filth, ftraw, potatoc-flalks, dung, a fee?, rubbifh, water-courfes, finks, or drains running into or npon the faid highways or roads, and by cleaning any ditch or water-courfe adjoining to the faid road, or by cutting down, lopping or topping, and carrying away any trees or bufhes growing in or over the faid road, or any part thereof, or in any hedge or bank adjacent thereto, or any part thereof, and to take and carry away the fame, the owners or occupiers neele&ing to cut down fuch trees or buflies, or to remove fuch other annoyances for the fpace of two days after notice in writing given for that purpofe, under the hand or hands of fuch Surveyor or furveyors, or of any two or more of the faid truflees, the charges whereof (hall be re -imburfed to the faid furveyor oir fur-reyors, truftee or truftees, by fuch owner or occupier fo neglecting to cot down the laid trees or bufhes, or to remove fuch other annoyances as aforefaid 5 and if after removal ofary of fuch annoyances, any perfon or perfon* fhafl again offend in the like kind, every fuch perfon or perfons (b offending, and being thereof convifted by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefTes before the faid tnfrtees Or any five or more of them, who are hereby empowered to hear and determine the fame, or before one or more jut-tice or juffices of the prace for the county where fuch offence (hall be committed, fhall for every fuch offence tor, feit and pay unto the faid truflees, the fum of ten {hillings, %j be levied in manner aforefaid.

XI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid furveyor or furveyors, by order of the faid truflees, or any feven or more of them, or fuch pe/fon or perfons as fuch furveyor or furveyers (hall appoint, to cut, make, and ere&, or caufe to be made, cut, and eredted, caufcways, drains or ditches, through and upon any ground lyieg contiguous \o the faid road, and to cre$ arches of brick, timber, or ftone thereupon, in fuch places, and in fuch manner as fuch furveyor or furveyors, by otdfcf of the (aid ttuflees, or any feven or more of them (hai) adjudge nt-^eflary, for the better amending and keeping the faid road, and every part thereof, in good repair, by opening, dean-fing, and taking into the faid road, or any part thereof, fuch part or parts 6f the grounds of any perfon or perfoas lying contiguous thereto,' not being a houfe, garden, orchard, planted walk, or avenue to a houfe, as (hall be

deemed





The (lirty-thirtf Tear of George LIT.

deemed necelfary by the faid :ru flees, pr ary feven or more of them ; making fjqh reafonable fatisfa&ian to the owner oro^cupier of fuck ground through which anyfuch caufeway, drain, ditch, or arch (hall be cut, created, or made, for thexkmages which he or they (hall, or may thereby faftain, as lb all in cafe of ar.y diffrence concerning the lame, be aflefied and adjudged b) the next going judge or judges of at the next general aiftzes, or by the major part of the juiticcs at the next fefiins of the peace, to be holders f'>r fhc county in wh’ch faid ground through which ar.y fuch ca: f wav, drain, ditch or arch (hall be. cut, ere&ed, or made, lhall be ; and if ary owner or occupier of any water courfe cr watcr-courfe.*, ditch or ditches, adjoining to the faid road, or any part thereof, (hall neglect or refute to fcour or cleanfe fiich water-courfe, or to make fuch ditched fo deep, and in fuch manner as the furveyor or furvevors (hall adjudge proper and convenient, after tight days notice (hall be given for that purpofe, by fuch tur» veyor or furvevors, or by fuch perfon or perions as lhall be by him or them fo appointed, to luch owner or owners, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch furveyor or furvey-or«, or fuch perfon or ptrfons to be by him or them fo appointed, to let any man or men to work to fcour or cleanfe and make the fame, and by warrant under the hands and feals of ar y feven or more of the faid truftees, or of any juf-tice or julbcet of the county in which fuch water-courfe or ditch ibaj] be/ to levy the cnarges thereof upon the perfon?. goods pr eitutes of the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers of fuch water courfe, ditch or ditches, by diftrefs and fale of his, her. or their goods and chattels, rendering the overplus upon demand, to luch owner or occupier, after ail • harges paid.

XII.	Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful, fqr fuch owner or Qccupier, who fhall think himfelf or them- ticc* at next* felves aggrieved, to complain to the jultices at the neat	SP*®*

fc (lions of die peace for the county in which fuch water- y*uotico* courfe or ditch (hall be, of his or their being fo aggrieved, giving eight dap notice to fuch furveyor or furveyors of fuch his or their lutentiou to complain, and faid jultices (hall give fuch relief, or difmifs fuch complaint, as to them (hall feem meet.	1

Appeal to juf*

XIII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- 9 Truftte* faid, That if (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid trullees, or any nine or more of them, to afeertain, deferibe, i^ndl^for'widea-and fet apart fuch part and proportion of the lands adjoin- jng road to 41 ing, or contigupus to the faid road, or any part thereof. Or feet, altering which otherwile He molt convenient for widening the faid tbccouffc» road, or any part thereof, to a breadth not exceeding forty-

oi*

Digitized by

Google

A. D.

*79*-Chap. 20.

r

#nc feet, from ditch to ditch, and for carrying or altering the courfc of, or continuing the fame, or any part thereof ftraight, or in more convenient lines, not being houfes, gardens, parks, paddocks, avenues, plantations, or planted walks, as the (aid truftees, or any nine or more of then fhall judge necefTary, for widening or altering the courfe of, or carrying on the fame, or any part thereof ftraigbt, or in more convenient lines as aforefaid ; and the laid truf-teee, or any nine or more of them, are hereby further authorized and empowered to treat and agree with the owners, and others interefted in the {aid grounds, to be made life of in widening the courfe of altering or carrying the (aid road, or any part thereof itraight, or in more convenient lines as aforefaid, for fuch recompense and fatisfa&ion to be made to fuch owner and others for the fame, out of the toQs and duties to arife by virtue of this as the (aid truftees, or any nine or more of them fhall think fit and reafonabk; and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall negledt or refufe to treat or agree as aforefaid, or through any difabOity by lion-age, coverture, or fpecial limitation, inlny fettkment or fettlements, or ^y reafon of any other impediment cannot, or fhall otherwife howfoever refufe to difpofc of their refpeftive interefts in fuch lands as the (aid truftees, or any nine or more of them, fhall think convenient, for the widening, altering the courfe of, or fhortening the (aid road, or any part thereof, or carrying the fame, or any part thereof, in more convenient lines; in every or any fuch cafe, the faid truftees, or any nine or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to iffue forth their warrant or warrants to the fheriff or fheriffs of the county wherein fuch ground doth lie, to impanel and return before the truftees, or any nine or more of them, at fuch time and place within the faid county as fhall be appointed ia fuch warrant or warrants, a fufficicnt jury, who upon their oath, which oath the’faid truftees, or any nine or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to adminifter, fhall enquire into the true and real value of fuch ground io to be made ufe of for the faid highway or road; and fuch verdi6U or inquifitions a9 fhall be found and returned by the laid jury, ascertaining the value of fuch ground, fhall be final and conclufive, as well to the faid truftees as to the feveral and refpe&ivc owners and proprietors of fuch ground, notwithftanding any disability or incapacity what-ioever.

„ Trofteet XIV. And for as much as the money to be collc&ed by may affign tolls, iuch receipt of the toll, will not at prefent be fufficient for (fnbje& to <le- the fpcedy widening or repairing the faid refpe&ive roads:	i

bentnres now it further ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That the thereon,) cofti	7	/	I

and chargsa

i

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-third Tear of George III.	55	7,

faid truflees, or any fifteen or more of them, (hall and may, A. D. and are hereby empowered from time to time, by writing 1792. under their refpeftive hands and feals, to aflign over the Chap* 20.

faid tolls or duties hereby granted, and to be paid on the -----------------

faid refpeftive roads, or any part thereof, fubieft never- outofcolh, a*' thelefs to the debentures now thereon refpeftively, the coft i^to^bor^” and charges whereof to be borne and paid out of fuch toty rowed. or duty, for any time or term during the continuance of this aft, as a fecurity for any funi or fums of money by them to be borrowed for that purpofe, to fuch perfon or perfons, or their truftees, who (hall advance and lend the fame to fectire the repayment thereof, with lawful intereft,	1

(but fubjeft as aforefaid) or left, if the fame can be fo had, which faid money borrowed, fhall be applied and difpofed of in manner and to fuch ufe as the tolls and duties aforefaid are herein before direfted to be applied, and to no other * ufe, intent or purpofc whatfoever.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Truflcw faid. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, may. make or any fifteen or more of them, at any meeting to be held order* for j»y> by them, from time to time, to make out orders under their mcnt°ftotcreft hands to the treafurer or receiver of the refpeftive tolls or duties to arife by virtue of this aft, to pay fuch perfon or perfohs as fhall be named therein, their executors, admini-ftrators and aftigns, the growing intereft of the fum or fums iiqw due to the debentures on the (aid refpeftive roads, and the fum or fums which fhall be raifed or borrowed thereon, and to be mentioned in fuch order or orders, by half-yearly payments, until the principal fum or films now due to the faid debentures on the faid refpeftive roads, or in fuch order or orders to be mentioned, fhall be difeharged ; provided that no fuch order fhall be given for a fum excee&ng the fum of fifty pounds on each of the faid roads; and fuch treafurer or receiver fhall arithmetically number all fuch debentures as arc now outftanding on the faid roads, refpeftively,. and all fuch, orders as fhall be fo made or delivered out, commencing with number one, until the whole fhall be numbered; and that it fhall and may be lawful for all and every fuch perfon and perfons to whom money is now due by debenture, on the faid refpeftive roads, or to whom fuch order or orders fhall be given, bis or their ex-♦911 tors or adminiftrators, by endorfement, to transfer the benefit of fuch debenture, or order or orders, to fuch other perfon or perfons as he or they fhall think fit; and upon nptice of any fuch endorfement or endorXements to the treafurer or receiver of fuch tolls and duties, apd upon entering' a memorial of fuch endorfement or endorfements. i* a book, which fuch treafurer or receiver is hereby required

/

Digitized by ^ooQle

When drers fWtl be a furptua utaool after wyifig iotereft, ic. trealorer to have number*

•f debenture* pow due, 4cc. feci He drawn as herein di-scacd.

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

quired to keep for the purpofe, and which book fuch tre*-furcr of receiver is hereby required, without fee or reward, to permit to be viewed by any perfou, at all reafonaWe hours, fuch endorfement and memorial thereof, fd to be entered as aforefaid, (hall entitle fuch endorfee or allignec, endorfccs or afiignees, his or their executors, adminlftrators or afiigns, to the foie benefit of fuch debenture, order of orders, fo to be transferred and aligned'in manner aforefaid, and fuch debenture, order or orders may, in the like manner, be transferred by fuch enderfee or aflignee, his executors or admin id rators, to fuch other perfon or perfons as he or they (hall think fit, and fo as often as occafion (hall or may require; and that it (hall not be in the power of any perfon or perfons who (hall have made fuch alignment or affignments, to releafe or difeharge fuch debenture, otder or orders, or the fum or fums thereby transferred, or any part thereof.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That when and fo foon as by receipt of the faid tolls and duties of the faid refpeftive roads, there fhall be a fur-plus at any time amounting to tbe fum of two hundred pounds, over and above what dull be fuflicient to difeharge the intereft of the fums now due to the debentures on the faid refoe&ive roads, and of the fum fo to be borrowed for each of the faid roads, and for the making, widening, and repairing the faid refpe&ive Toads, and for the other pur-pofes by this adi direfted, fuch furplus (hall be applied i* difeharge of the faid principal fums fo now due on the faid refpe&ive roads, and of the principal fums fo to be borrowed thereon refpedlively ; and for that end as often as fuch furplus (hall fo amount to two hnndfed pounds, the treafurtr •r receiver of the faid refpedtive roads is hereby required to caufe the mimbeis of all debentures now due thereon, and all orders iffued, and of the fums therein mentioned to be written on feparate tickets, to be rolled up and feale % and put into a box or urn, and well mixed, and an indifferent perfon (hall be appointed by the faid trutlees, or any five or more of them, who (hall publickly between the hours of twelve and two o’clock, on a day whereof and of the purpofe of meeting, twenty days previous notice fhall be advertifed in the Limerick newfpapers, draw out as many of faid tickets as (hall amouut to fuch furplus /money, and the perfon or perfons to whom fuch number or numbers fo drawn as then belong, his or their executors, adminiffrators or afiigns, (hall, within twenty days after fuch drawing, be paid the principal and intcreff of the fnms mentioned in the debentures or orders, to which fuch mtmbers as (hall be fo drawn (hall belong, or fo much thereof m fttch fum fo to be paid fhall amount to; and fuch perfoa

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-third Vear of George III.

and perfons (hall give up hit or their faid debenture, order or orders, to be cancelled, if the fame (hall be entirely paid off; and the intcreft of the fur^s for which fuch debenture, order or orders, of fo much of the principal fum from which fuch debenture, order or orders (hall be, (hall ceafe from and after the fpace of twenty days next after fuch draw* ing.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees or any nine or more of them, by any agreem nt or agreements, leafe or leafes, demife or demifc3, to be by them under their hands and feals executed, to demife,*leafe, let, or fell all or any part of the faid refpe&ive tolls and turnpikes, to fuch perfon or perfons for fuch time and term not exceeding two years,-as the faid truftees, or any nine or more of them (hall think fit, for the beft and moft Vearly rent or income that cap he had or got for the lame.

XVIII.	Provided always. That they (hall be fo fet or fold by public cant to the higheft and faireft bidder, and that notice thereof ftall he given by advertifement in two at*

' leall of the Limerick newfpapers, fourteen days at lead previous thereto, and fhall be continued in every publication of faid papers, from thence until the day of faid dant, and that all and every fuch yearly rent or income fhall be applied in manneT as herein before is dire£ted ; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for all, and all and every fuch perfon or perfons who (hall take any leafe or leafes, demife or demifes, of all or any part of the faid refpe&ive tolls and turnpikes, or as (hall buy the fame, for and during faid period of time and no longer, to take and receive to his and their own proper ufe and benefit the tolls and duties which (hall arife from fuch refpe&ive turnpikes, as he or they (hall fo refpe&ively take, he or they paying to the faid truftees, or to their treafurer or receiver, the faid refpe&ive teats, or yearly income or purchafe thereof, according to their refpe&ive agreements, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanduig.

XIX.	Provided always. That no part of "the faid tolls or duties, (hall be fo demifed, let, or fold, to any perfon dr perfons whatsoever, until notice of the time and place of meeting, to fet or fell the faid tolls, (hall be fo advertifed lu the laid Limerick newfpapers as aforefaid, fourteen days at the lead before fuch fet ting, and that no meeting of the faid truftees, in any oiheT place, fave in the town of Li* rnerick, or in the town of Rathkeal, for. any of the pur* pofes For which this a£l is intended, (hall be deemed a meeting tfitkin the intent or meaning of this adt

XX.	And

9Trnfl«»

may demife.

Sec. all or any of faid tolls, 6tc.

14 Days notice in Ltfuerkfc papers.

No fach fate until notice 14 days in JLimo* lick papers.

Digitized by Google

No pcrfon Co pay at more than f gate, in I day, on producing tickftt.

Penalty on giving or receiving a ticket; to avoid pay-mem of toll, aos.

No toll raid during ^e le & ions in co. Limerick, as herein.

Tbi thirty-third Year of George I1L

XX.	And bo it ena£tod by tho authority aforefaid,^ flat in cafe there (hall be more than one gate or turnpike in, acrofs, or on the fide of the (aid road, leading from the town of Newcaftle, in the county of Limerick, to the city of Limerick, or in, acrofs, or on the fide of the faid road, leading from the city of Limerick, to the bound* of the county of Cork aforefaid, no pcrfon or perfons who (haTl have paid the.toll or duty at the fird gate or turnpike throqgh which fach pcrfon or perfons (hall pafs on the faid refpetHve roads, and producing a note or ticket that the faid toll of duty was paid, which note or ticket the receiver or receivers, colle&or or colle&ors of the faid tolls or duties on faid refpective roads, is, and are hereby required to gite gratis, (hall be liable to pay any toll or duty at any other of the faid gates or turnpikes upon, acrofs, or on the fide of the faid highway or road, for which fuch note or ticket (hall be given, fuch perfon or perfons delivering the faid note or ticket to the faid receiver or receivers, colleftor or collc&ors of the faid toll or duty, at the latter gate or turnpike on fuch road the fame day ; and no perfoq or perfons having occafion to pafs the place or places where the toll or duty is taken, who (hall return thefame day upon or with the fame horfe, mare, gelding, afs, mule, cattle, coach, chariot, berlin, chaife, chair, calafh, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, (hall be liable or compellable the fame day to pay the faid toll or duty more than once on the faid road, for which fuch note or ticket (hall be given.

XXI.	And for preventing frauds and abufes in the co!-le£ting the faid tolh or duties; be it further ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or pci fons having paid the toll or duty by this a A granted and made payable, and having fuch note or ticket, notes or tickets as hereby dire&ed, (hall give or difpofe of the fame to any other perfon or perfons, in order to avoid the payment of the faid toll or duty, every fuch •perfon giving, difpofing, or offering, and the perfon receiving fuch note or ticket, note or tickets, and being thereof convi&ed upon oath before the faid trjf-tees, or any five or more of them, or before anyone or more j u (lice or juft ices of the peace for the county wherein fuch oifence or offences (hall be committed, which oath the faid trullees,. and the faid judice or juftices are hereby empowered to adminider, (hall refpc&ively forfeit and pay the fum of one pound derling, to be levied, recovered, and difpofed of as any other penalty^or forfeiture is dire&ed to be levied, recovered, and difpofed of by this ad.

XXII.	Provided always, That during the continuance of * this ad, all paflengers in carriages or on horfeback (hall pafs and repafs toll free, on the day or days ou which there (hall

*

Digitized.by Google

The thirty 4h\rd Tsar tf George I IT.	£$*

be an eledaori for knight orkuighls of the (hire to ferve ia A* D. parliament for the county of Limerick, or of a citizen or 1793.	.

citizens for the comity of the city of Limerick, or for any Chap. 20. 4xirgtfs or burgeffes for any borough in the county of Li-me rick, and that-no perfon (hail be charged with any of the toils or duties aforefaid, who (hall pafs through anyvof the turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this ad, who (hall carry any quantities of Hone, gravel, or other materials for repairing the faid road, or any part thereof, or any other road in the neighbourhood of faid turnpike, or who (hall pafc through the fame with any carts, cars, or waggons loaded with corn in the draw only, or with any ploughs, harrows, or other implements of hufbaniliy, in order to the ufing of or repairing of the fame, nor (hall any fuch toll or duty be demanded dr taken at any of the turnpikes fo to be ereded . for any horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, or other cattle going to water, or for any poll-horfe carrying the mail or packet of letters of his Majcfty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, or for filch horfe as is or (hall be ufed only to ride, or by the owner or driver of any waggon, cart, or carriage ; provided fuch horfe pafs through the faid turhpike or turnpikes with fuch waggon, cart, or carriage, nor (hall any toll or duty bj demanded or taken for the horfe or horfes of any foklier or foldiers palling through the fame, that is or are upon his or their march, or for waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages attending them, or for horfes,- waggons, carts, cars, or other caariages travelling with vagrants lent by pafles, or	,

with prifoners tranfmitted from one part of the kingdom to another.

XXII I. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- 5 Truftres faid. That the faid truftecs, or any five or more of them, may, and are hereby empowered from time to time as they or 0 *

(hall fee convenient or think fit, to compound, or agree by tlie year or otherwife, with any perfon or perfons ufing to travel through any of the faid turnpike or turnpikes fo to be ereded on the faid road, with any milch cow, horfe, mare, or gelding, afs, ox, or mule, or with any coach, berlin, chariot, cala(h, chaife, chair, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage for any fum or fums of money, to be paid quarterly from time to time after fuch agreement (hall be made.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- , Trurteei faid. That in cafe any of the truftees fo named and ap- c^ay tlca*" pointed as aforefaid by this prefent ad, (Hall happen to die, ncwonc», fcc. or refufe to ad, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for feven or more of the faid truftecs, during the contiau-. ance of this prefent ad, eo cled and appoint in the room . of fuch petfon or peifons fo deceafed, or refufing to ad, fo

Vol. IX.	N	n	many

1

J6*

Tl* thirty4hi*i Tsar if George III.

A. D.

*793 Chap. 20.

Tfftffoetnot

t* Hold BDf place ©f profit under this aA.

TmlUe to

40I. a year, or 1 cool perfocaL

many more fit and able perfoni inhabitants of the county, or of the county of the city of Limerick, or creditors of the (kid road, by mortgage or debenture, and no others to join with the truftees hereby appointed in the execution of this p tv lent aft, and all and every perfoif or perfons fo re-fpeftively defied and appointed, (hall and may, and are hereby refpe&ively empowered to aft, to all intents and purpofe* as the (aid truftees, who by this prefrnt ad are empowered to do, and from time to time as often as there (hall be occafion.

XXV.	Provided always, That no perfon or perfons appointed by this ad, or fo to be appointed trufiee or Iruftea for putting this ad in execution, (ball have or accept of any place of profit anting out of, or by reafon of the toll or duty by this ad laid or granted, but fuch perfon or perfont from the time of his or their aooepting and coutinu-ing to be a tmftee or truftees (hall be incapable of holding or enjoying fuch place of profit.

XXVI.	Provided alfo, That no perfon (hall be here* after deded a truflee, (hall ad in putting this ad in execution, who (hall not adually be in the poffdfion of a freehold eft ate of the dear yearly value of forty pounds, or who (hall not have a perfonal eftate of the clear yeariy value at the lead of one thoufand pounds at the time of his being eleded or ading as a truflee; and that upon any doubt arifing of the value $f fuch eftates the perfon eleded, before he fhall be admitted to ad as a truflee, if any other truflee (hall require it, (hall fwear that his eftate is of the faid value, before five truftees aflerabled at a board, which oath the faid truftees are hereby empowered and authorised to adminifter; nor (hall any perfon or perfons hereby appointed or eleded (fruftee or truftees be admitted or allowed to ad as a truflee or (ruftees, by virtue of thiraft, who it or are not qualified as afonefaid, any thing herds contained to the contrary thereof, in any-wife not withftand-

mg.	#

Tells to ceti XXVII. And be it further enaded by the authority bem *s M»r*	aforefaid, That the toll or duty	hereby granted (hall take

1793, and to*	place, and have continuance from	and after the twenty-fifth

end of next fcf-	day of March, one thoufand feven	hundred and ninety-three,

&>n.	for and during the term of twenty-one years, and from *

thence to the end of the next feflion of pariiament.

If within *t XXVIII. Provided nevertlielefs, That if at any time bc-VrJSP' ^orc ^ cxP*rat*0D l^c fa'ri term of twenty-one years, all adjudge road parts of the roads Ihall be fufficiently amended and repaired, fufficiently re- and fo adjudged by the majority of the- faid truftees ap-paired, and all pointed, or hereafter to be chofen by virtue of this aft, touTSjJTccafe ky *** udication under their hands and Teals, that then, e'	and



Digitized by v^.ooQle

The thirty-third Tear of George IIL

and from and after fuch adjudication made, and repayment of fiich money as (hall have been advanced or borrowed with intereft for the fame, and the cofts and charges thereof, the tolls and duties (hall ceafe and determine, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any-wife notwith-ftanaing.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-faid. That the faid truftees or any feven or more of them, meet on firft (hall, on the firft Monday in the month of May, in evety twy Jrear during the continuance of this aft, meet in the towns year in Lime-of Limerick or Rathkeal, between the hours of twelve and nek or Rath* two o'clock, and (hall there examine all books, accounts*

receipts, and payments relating to the faid roads refpedive- amine, &c.° 14" lv, of which meeting, and the intention thereof, the trea- dayrnotice by, lurer or receiver of the faid refpedive roads is hereby re- treafurer. quired to advertife fourteen days previous notice in' the Limerick newfpapers; and the creditors of the faid road, and their agents, (hall ahd may be at liberty, at every fuch meeting, to regifter their debentures, and to fettle their accounts refpediVely, with the treafurer or receiver of the faid refpedive toads, and to receive from the truftees fuch intereft or principal as the funds of the faid roads (hall enable them 'to pay at any fuch meeting; and that the faid truftees, or any five or" more of them, who (hall fo meet purfuant to fuch notice, (hall and may adjourn to any future day, and a7ain meet as often as it (hall be neccflary for putting this ad info execution ; and if at any fuch meeting, a fufficient number oT trullees (hall not appear to ad or adjourn, in fnch cafe the treafurer or receiver of the faid ro-fpeclive roads, (hall by notice, to be ten days previoufly affixed at the turnpikes of the faid refpedive roads, and advertifed in the Limerick newfpapers, appoint a future day within a month, and not lefs than a fortnight, for the meeting of the faid truftees ; at all and every of which meetings the faid truftees (hall defray their own expen-ces.	,	-

XXX.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- jn ^ ^ faid, That if any fuit (hall be Commenced againft any per- fujtf venue to 7 fon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, be hid in co or the venue (hall be laid in the county, or in the county ofJ°- of

the city of Limerick, and hot elfewhere 5 and the defen-LimCnc dant or defendants in fuch adion or adions may plead the general iflue, and give this ad, and the fpecial matter in evidence on any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance, and by the authority of this ad ; and if it (hall appear fo to be done, or that fuch adion or adions (hall be brought in any other country’ ; or if after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, the plaintiff N n 2	(hall

Truftees to

Digitized by v^ooQle

5^4

A. D.

>793-.Chap. 20.

Road divided into 2 paiti.

Toll* to he paid only once a day in each diviUon.

A publkk aft.

Tr e:»rur:r* }o(] :t account a*. In jciii.

The t/Artj-lbird Tear of George [U.

fhall be non fuited, or difcontinue bis action, or in cafe a demurrer, if judgment lhall be given again# the plaint® in either or any of fuch cafes, the defendant or defendants (hall have and recover treble cods, and the like remedy for tlte fame, again!! the plaintiff, as any other defendant or defendants hath or have by law in any other cafes.

XXXI.	And whereas from the great length of the laid road leading fiom the bounds of the county of Limerick, to the city of Corkj (being thirty-two In’fh miles), it is impofiiblc to keep faid road in repair, under the prefent regulation cl the tolls thereof: be it further enacted by the authority afotvfaid, That the faid road fo leading from the bounds of the county of Limetick, to the city of Cork, flu* 11 be divide d into two parts ; and that fo much of faid rot das lies between the city of Cork, and the town of Mallow, (hall hereafter be diilinguilhed and known by the name of the fouthern oivifion of the (aid road ; and fo much thereof as readies from faid town of Mallow, to the bounds of the county of Limerick, lhall hereafter be diffioguifhed and known by the name of the northern divifion of the faid road.

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefuid, Tiiat no peifon or perfon* fiuul be obliged to pay any of the toll^ now payable on laid road more than once in the fan e day, within cither c; the dmfions of the laid road: but every perfon having paid the toll or duty now implied at any one of the gates between the city of Cork and the Liidge of Mallow, on producing a ticket thereof, (hall he permitted to p?.fs free through all the feveral gates on the faid part or divifion of the road, at any time during the day on which he has once paid the faid toll as afoicfaid, and fo in like manner, having once paid the faid toll at any one of the gates on the faid other part or divifion of the road between the faid town of Mallow* and the bounds of the county of Limerick, (hall, on producing fuch ticket or rune thereof, be admitted at auy time during the faid day, topafi through the other gates on the faid part of the faid road; but it is the true intention and meaning of this avl, that every perfon fhall pay twice on the fame day, iu cafe he (hall travel over more of the faid road than is contained is one divifion of the faid road.

XXXIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That this a& (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public a€t, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, jutlices, and other.perfons whatfo-ever, without fpccially pleading the fame.

XXXIV.	And be it ena&cd by the authority aforefakh That the tieafarei's of the Lid roads (hall, on or before the

hilt

I

2

-Digit

7&r thirly-tbird Tear of George IIK

lirft day of every feflion of parliament lodge with'the clerk of the houfc of commons, an account in writing upon oath, of the ft ate of the faid roads, and a]fa a particular account of the receipts and payments refpe&ing the fame.

XXXV. And be it enaftec} by the authority aford- ^ ,nrcrcir faid. That no money whatfoever arifing out, of the tolls umii ro4<| raifed or levied under the faid recited (hall be applied »complete, to the payment of the mterefl of any debenture, until a committee of the houfe of commons (hall have refolved, that the faid road is in good and complete order and condition, any thing in faid recited a& to theooutra^y thereof potwithilanding.

No intereft

C H A P. XXI.

An Aft for the Relief of His Mrfefly's Popijk, or Roman Cut Lulu k Subjects oj Ireland,

FrcttfoMe,

WHEREAS various a£h of parliament have been* pafledf impofitig on Iiis Majclly’s fubjeds pro felling the popilh or Roman eatliolick religion, many reftrain^s	♦

and difahilities, to which other fubjects of this realm are not liable ; and from the peaceable and lovaJ demeanor of his Majettv’s popi h, or Roman C&thollck fiibj'&s, it is fit that fuel; reftraints and difabilities (hall be* dilcontimird:

Be it therefore enncU’d by the King’s moll excellent Ma-jefty, \ty and with the advice and confent of the lords fpj* ritual and temporal, and commons iii this prefent parliament afiemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That his Majefty’s fubje&s being papifts, or perfous profdTir.g the popilh or Roman eatliolick religion, or married to pc-jvfts, or perfon3 profeffing the popifli or Roman^ catholick Roman cath#-religion, or^ducating any of their children in that religion* fhall not be liable or fubject to any penalties, forfeitures, difabiliticf, l> penaitit^ or incapacities, or to any laws for the limitation, charging, or difeovering of their eftates and property, real1 or petfood, or touching the acquiring of property, or fecuritfes afFeding property, fave fuch as his Majcfty’s* fubjeds of the protef-tant religion are liable and fubjed to ; and that fuch parts of all oaths as are required to be taken by perfon* in order to qualify themfelves for voting at elections of members to ferve in parliament ; and alfo lucli parts of all oaths requi- f red to be taken by perfons voting at cledions for members to ferve in parliament; as import to deny that the perfou taking the fame in a. papift or married t® a papiA, or educates

Digitized by

Google

i

Qualification* of RomanCa-tholxck*, &c

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

cate* his children in the popifh religion, (hall not hereafter be required to be taken by any voter, but fhall be emitted by the perfon adminiftering the fame ; and that it (hall not be neceflary, in order to entitle a papift, or pet fun profef-fing the popifh or Roman catholick religion to vote at an election of members to ferve in parliament, that he fhouft at, or previous to his voting, take the oaths of allegiance and abjuration, any ftatute now in force to the contrary of any of the faid matters in any wife notwithflandiog.

II. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That all p&pifts, or perfons profefling the popifh, or Roman catholick religion, who may claim to have a right of voting for members to ferve in parliament, or of voting for ma-giflrates in any city, town-corporate, or borough, within this kingdom, be hereby required to perform all qualifies* tions, regillries, and other requifites, which are now re* quired of his Majefly’s proteftant fubjeds, in like cafes, by any lawr or laws now of force in this kingdom, fave and except fuch oaths and parts of oaths as are herein before ex* cepted.

ill. And provided always, That nothing herein before to alter any law contained fhall exteud, or be conflrued to extend to repeal, requiring quali* or ajtcr any kw or a& Qf parliament now in force, by which certain qualifications are required to be performed by perfons enjoying any offices cr places of truft under his Majetty, his heirs and fucceffors, other than as herein after is cn-a&cd

IV.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained, fhaU extend, or be conflrued to extend, to give papiils, or perfbrs profefling the popifh religion, a right to vote at any pariib veftry, for levying of money to rebuild or repair any pariib church, or refpt£ling the demifing or difpofal of the income of ally eflate belonging to any church or parifh, or for the falary 6f tfie ^>ari(h clerk, or at the election of acy church warden.

V.	Provided always, That nothing contained in this ad,

fhall extend to, or be conflrued to aftt£l any a&ion, or fuit now depending, which fhall have been brought or inilitu-ted previous to the commencement of this iefflon of parliament.	f

Not to autho-	VI. Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained, fhall ex-

o*airos &cPe? cxtcn<*to aphorize any papifl, of perfon profefling the popifh cept as hcrein. or ^oman catholick religion, to have or keep in his hands or pofltffion, any arms, armour, amniuriitipn, or any warlike florcs, fword-blades, barrels, locks, Or‘{locks of gups, or, fire arms, or to exempt fuch perfon: from any forfeiture, or penalty inflidled by any a& refpedling arms, artiiour, or ammunition, in the hands or pofleffion of any papift^' or re-'	~	v	*	*fpe&ing

Not to extend

fications, &c.

Not to vote at parifh vcf-trie*.

Not to affr& any a&ioa, if inOlruted prtvi eUS to this feffion.

Digitized by

Google .

. i

7&	Tflir George IIL	567

fpeAing papiiis having or keeping fuch warlike ftores, A. D. fave and except papifts, or perfons of the popifh or Ro- 1793* man catholick religion, feized of a freehold eftate of one Chap- 21. hundred pounds a year, or pofleffed of a perfonal eflate of V^-*~V***^ one choufand pounds or upwards, who are hereby authorized to keep arms and ammunition as pro tenants now by law may ; and alfo favc and except papiiis or Roman eatho-licks, pofltfling a freehold eftate of ten pounds yearly va-lue, and lefs than one hundred pounds* or a perfonal eftate of three hundred, and lefs than one thoufand pounds, who fhall have at the feffion of the peace in the county in which they refide, taken the oath of allegiance preferibed to be taken by an adl palled in the thirteenth and fourteenth year* of his prefent Majcfly’s reign, entitled, An a8 to enable bis Mqjrftfs fubjefls of whatever perfuafion, to teflify their aJlegi-	^

stnee to him ; and alfo in open court, fwear and fublcribe an affidavit, that they are pofTefTed of a freehold eftate, yielding a clear yearly profit to the perfon making the fame, of ten pounds, or a perfonal property of three hundred pounds above his juft debts, fpecifying therein the name and nature of fuch freehold, and nature of fuch perfonal propeity, which affidavits fhall be carefully preferred by the clerk of the-peace, who fhall have for his trouble a fee of fix pence, » and no more, for every fuch affidavit; and the perfdn making fuch affidavits, and poffeffing fuch property, may keep and ufe arms and ammunition as proteftants may, fo long as they fhall refpe&ivcly pofTefs a property of the annual value of ten pounds, and upwards, if freehold, or the value of three hundred pounds, if perfonal, any flatute to the contrary uotwithftanding.

VII,. And be it ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful for papiiis, or perfons piofeffing the popifh or Roman catholick religion, to hold, exercife, and enjoy all civil and ho^d^lacc^of military offices, or places of trufl or profit under his Majefty, trull undei his his heirs, and fucceffors, in this kingdom; and to hold or Majtfly, &c take degrees, or any profcflbrfhip in, or be mafters, or fellows of any college, to be hereafter founded in this kingdom, provided that fuch college fhall be a member of the -univerfity of. Dublin, and fhall not be founded exclufively for the education of papifts, or perfons profeffing the popilh or Roman catholick religion, nor confift exclufively of maf. tere, fellows, or other perfons to be named or eledied on the foundation of fuch college, being perfons profeffing the popifh or Roman catholick religion, or to hold any office or place of trufl, in, and to bo. a member of any lay-body ' corporate, except the college of the holy and undivided Trinity of queen Elizabeth, near Dublin, without taking and fubferibing the oaths df allegiance, ftipremady, or abjuration

$6ti	The thirty-third Tear of George III.

A. D.	juratiop, or making or fubferibiog {he declaration required

I79S*	to bo taken* made, and fubferibed* to enable any perfeu iq

Chap. M. bold and enjoy ajny of fuch places* and, without receiving tbe facramcnt of the Lord’s fupper, according to the right* and ceremonies of the church of Ireland, any law, (latute, or byc-law of any corporation to the contrary not with fbmd-iag ; provided that every fuck perfau fhall take and fub-fcribc the oath appointed by the (aid a£l paflrd in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his Mayfly’s reign, entitled. An dft to enable h;j Mujejlfs Julj<cis tf ^ hai^ r perjHa/ivn, to lift ifi their allegiance to bin:; and alfp the oath and declaration following, that is to fay,

f Oath.	/ A B. do hereby declare, that I do proff3 the Rnrrrjir cf-

tholick religion' 1 A. B. do/wear, that 1 do abjure, condemn, and delf, as unchrifiian and impious, tin principle that it q lawful to murderdejimy, or any ways injure any perfon what-fnever, fori or under the pretence of being an heretich ; end / do declare Jclcrmly before Gad', that I believe, that no at7 ir it-flf unjujl, immoral, or wicked, can ' ever be jufffed or excvfd by, or under pretence, or colour, that it was done either for the good of the church, or in obedience to any ecclfiafih al power whafoever. I alfo declare, that it is not an article of the ca-fholick faith, neither am / therely required to believe cr proffs that the pope is infallible, or that 1 am bound to obey rry cr-eier in its awn nature immoral, though the pope cr any eerie-floftical power Jhould ijfne or dierft fuch-order, but on the contrary, I* hold, that it would lefinful in me to pay a rry rrfjkdt or obedience thereto ; I further dflore, tJjqf I do not /r/;r*r that any fin w/hatfoever, committed' by me, can be forgiven at ibe mere with of any pope, or of any prirjl,'or of any fxrfon or per funs whafoever ; but thatJtnccre farrow for pafl Jens, afrm and Jinccre refoiution to avoid future ^uik, and to atone to God, are previous and indifperf:bfe rrquftcs to ejhvfjb' a <uxlh founded expectation of forgivenefs; and that any pepfrm who receives affiliation without thrfc previous requtjues, fa Jbr Jrsm obtaining thereby any rrmijfion cf bij> fins, incurs the additional guilt of violating a J'acrament ; and I do fwear that L will defend to tlx utmofl of my power, the fettlement and arrangement of property in this country as efiabiijhed by tlx lawn now rtf being ; 1 do hereby difclaim, dijavQW,and folemn/y abjure any intention to fabvert the prefevt church flaldi/hnient, for the pur-, f°f* °ffthfiduting. a cathofuh efwlljlmcnt in its Jtead ; and I do folemnly fwearr that I wdl not excrcife any privilege to which I dm or may become entitled, to, djfinrh and wcaLo

tlx

\



The thirtydfnnk Year of George ITT.

tVe prot 'rjhmt rdigitm and protrfant government in tins king- A. Di dom,	s	l79,$*

So hdp me Gock Chap* 2>i.

VIII.	Aiidbe it ena&ed, That papifts, or peffens profefilng pa^Itts ma^ the popifb or Roman cathohck: religion, may- fe*e capable of: be prufefihrs olj’ being elected profeffors of medicine, upon the foundation Medicine upon of fir Patrick Dunn, any law or ftatute to the contrary ofVk^ Dunnlw notwit bftanding.

IX.	Provided always* and be k ensued. That-nothing Xn prrfon ta herein contained dull extend; or be conftwed to extend to fu or voce in enable any perfon to fit or vote in either houfe of parlfa- ra^]a?1cnt/; ** raent, or to hold, exercifb, or enjoy the office of lord lieu-

Tenant, lord' deputv, or other clecf governor or governors t^c andfuU-of this kingdom, lord high chancellor or keeper, op corn- fenbe the oath, mrlHoner of tile great fed of tins kingdom, lord high trea- ^c; hcrua. Airer, chancellor of the exchequer, chief juttice of the court of kingVbcneh, or common pleas* lord chief baron of the court of'exchequer, jullice of: the court-of kings-behclv or common pitas, or baron of the court of exchequer* judge of the high court of admiralty* matter or keeper of the rolls,

Secretary uf ttnte, keeper of the privy foal, vice-treafttrer, or deputy vioe-tretifurer, teller and cafliicr of the exchequer, or auditor general, lieutenant or governor, or ntftos rotulorum	*

of court ties, feeretary to the lbrd lieutenant, lord deputy, or othef chief governor or governor* of this kingdom, member of his Majeily’s moft honourable privy council, prime ft rjeant* attorney-general, folici tor-general, fecondand third ferjeants at law, or king's council, mailers in chancery, pro-uott, or feUow of the college of the holy awl undivided Trinity of queen Elizabeth, near Dublin ; jx^ftmafter-ge-nerrfl* matter and lieutenant-general of bis Majeft-y's ordnance^ commander in chief of his MajettyA* forces, general* on the ftaff, and ftieriffs, and fnb-fueriflx of any county in thin kingdom ; or any .office contrary tp the rules, orders and directions made and eflablifhed by the lord lieutenant ami council; in purfoance of the a&' paflbd in the feventeenth and eighteenth yeajs of the reign of king Charles the fe-cortd^ entitled* dn det for me e'planting of [me doubtt itrifng i pnn an off entitled*. A'! Ac I for ihc bsuer eau.uiioH of bis Majtfy's gracious declaration fr the fettlcment of his kimtj-dom of Ireland*, andJattlfadion tf the /enteral intonfl* of ad-venturers,folditrs, and other bis fufyecij thine, and j’or m*Jt >t? fame ale rat tows of, and additions unto the Jlud a St, for ter more fptedy. and tjrdual feitlrment of thi b ngdsn, unltfa he •(hall have taken, made and fublcribed the oaths and declaration,. artd» performed: the feveral reqaifilcs wiuch by auy lavx heretofore made, and now u£ farce* arc required to

enable

Digitized by CjOO^Ic

A. D.

^793-

Chap* 2 I.

No right of preleru-’ion to ary echfiafti-%a1 benefice.

No penaky for cot attend ing divine ler-Tice.

Pbpiffc priefl net to rekbratc ntrrriage between protti tanta.

mt a protrflant and pap'ft, See.

penalty 500I.

Oath* of al-kpi mee and abjuration only, nrctfiary on raking degrees in Trinity col-kge.

No benefit tin left the oath be fubferibed, &c.

Tie thirty third Tear of George III.

enable any perfon to fit or vote, or to hold, exercifc, 2mi enjoy the faid offices refpectivcly.

X.	Provided alfo, and he it enaded, That nothing in this a& contained, (hall enable any papift, or per Ton proofing the popifr or Roman catholick religion, to exercife any right of prcfrnUtion to any ecckfiaftical benefice whaU foever.

XI.	And be it cna&ed, That no, papift or perfon pro-fcffing the popifh, or Roman catholick religion, frail be liable to, or fubject to any penalty for not attending divine fervicc on the fab bath day, called Sunday, in his or her pa-rifh church.

, XII. Provided alfo, and be h enaded, That nothing herein contained, frail be conilracd to extend to authorise any popifr pricit, or reputed popifh pit ft, to celebrate marriage between proteftant and proteftant, or between any perfon who hath been, or profe&d hioifclf or herfdf to be a proteftant at any time within twelve months before Inch celebration of marriage, and a papift, urrtefs fuck proteftant and papift frail have been firft married by a clergyman of the proteftant religion ; and every popifr pried, or reputed popifr prieft, who (hall celebrate any marriage between two proteftant*, or between any foch pioteftant and papift, dale fs fuch proteftant and papifl fraU have been tuft married by a clergyman of the proteftant religion, fhaH forfeit the £uin of five hundred pound* to his Majcfty, upon oouvidioa thereof.

XIII.	And whereas it may be expedient. In cafe his Majefty, bis heirs and fucccffors, frail be pleafed fbto alter the ftatutes of the college iff the holy and undivided Tri&ity near Dublin, and of the univeriity of Dublin, as to enable perfons profeffing the Roman catholick religion to enter iuto, or to take degrees in the faid univerfity, to remove any obllacle wfiich now exifts by ilatute lay ; be it enacted. That from and after the firft day of Juuc, thoufand feven hundred aod ninety-three, it frail 110^ ^e peceflary for any perfon upon taking any of the degrees ^fually conferred by the faid univeriity, to make or. fubfeyibe any declaration, or to take any oath, fave the oaths of allegiance and abjuration, any law or ilatute to. the coutrary notwithftand* ing.

XIV.	Provided always, That no papifl or Roman catholick, or perfon profiling the Roman catholick or popifh religion, fhall take any benefit by, or under this aid, unlefs he (hall have firft taken and fubferibed the oath and declaration in this ad contained and fet forth, and aHb the faid oath appointed by the faid ad parted in'the thirteenth and fourteenth years of hia Majefty's reign, entitled, /s*

Digitized by

Google

Tlf thirty-third Tear of George III. N

It enable bis Majfiy's fuffts of <lvb: t ,v?r perfuafion% to t'^ify tbeir allegiance to bsm, in fome one of his Majefly's four courts in Dublin, or at the general fefiions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof to be holdcn for the county, city, or borough wherein fuch papift or Roman catholick, or perfon profelling the Rem^n catholick or popifh religion, doth inhabit or dwell, or before the going mdge or judges of aflize, in the county wherein fuch papilt or Roman catholick, or perfon profeffing the Roman catholick or popiih religion, doth inhabit and dwell, in open court.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That the names of fuch perfons as (hall fo take and fubferibe the

faid oaths and declaration, with their tides and additions, rou, fhall be entered upon the rolls, jfor that purpofc to be appointed by faid refpcdlivc courts; and that the faid rolls once in every year (ball be tranfmitted to, and depofit-ed in the rolls office in this kingdom, to remain among!! the records thereof; and the matters or keepers of the rolls in this kingdom, or their lawful deputy or deputies, arc hereby empowered and required to give and deliver to fuch perfon or jjerfons fo taking and fnbfcribing the faid oaths and declaration, a certilicate or certificates of fuch perfon or , perfons having taken and fubferibed the laid oaths and declaration, for each of which certificates the fum of one {hilling and no more fhall be paid.

XVI.	And be it further provided ami enabled. That from Roman ca-and after the firll day of Ap il, onethouf.ind (even hundred thoiick not t* and ninety-three, no freeholder, burgefs, freeman, or inha- vote, until he hitant of this kingdom, being 3 papilt or Roman catholick,

or perfon profefTmg the Roman catholick or popiih religion, L 1 c fhall at anytime he capable .of giving his vote lor the clewing of any knight or knights of any (hire or county within this kingdom, or citizen or burgefs to ferve in any parliament, until he fhall have firlf produced and Ihewn to the high fheriff of the faid county, or his deputy or deputies, at any ele£;on of a knight or knights of the laid Ihire, and to the refpedtive chief officer of officers of any city, borough, or to*v incorporate, to whom the return of any citizen or burgefs tp ferve in parliament doth or fhall respectively belong, at the ele&ion of any citizen or burgefs to ferve in parliament, fuch certificate of his having taken and fubferibed the faid oaths and declaration, either from the rolls-officc, or from the proper officer of the court in which the faid oaths and declaration fhall be taken and fubferibed ; and fuch perfon being a freeholder, freeman, burgefs or inhabitant fo producing and {hewing fuch certificate, fhall be then permitted to vote as amply and fully as any proteftaut free-•	•	*	holder

\

Digitized by

Goo; ^

The thirty-third Ycq/r of George 1} I.

holder, freeman, burgefa, or inhabitant of fuch county, city, borough, or town-corporate, but not otherwife.

CHAP. XXII.

An Ad for amend: Kg, end reducing 'into one ASI of P^jrlianunt% the La ws relating to ebt Mi i- ta in Ireland.

Amended *5 TIT HERE AS a refpeftable military; force under the

<; \ c * - V V command of officers poflelftng landed property with-q 3. c. 19. ^ in’this kingdom, is effentiai to the fafety and protection of tliis realm and itr. conftitution, and the militia laws now in force in this kingdom have beei\ found incapable of effecting the purpofes of their inflitution ; be it therefore enacted b> t!ie King’s moil excellent MajeTly, by andwit)\ the advice and ednfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That the governors for the ft-vent counties in this kingdom, or the majority of governor:; where there are or {hall be more than one* appointed for any county, and the feveral governors hereafter to be appointed, or the majority of them as aforefaid, flia!l have full power and authority, and are hereby required to call together, arm, and array, and caufe to be trained and ex-crcifed fuch perfons, and in fuch manner as is herein after directed, once in every year, and the governors of the respective counties, or the majority of them as aforufaid, fhaD, from time to time, and within fourteen days after paffing this at}, and afterwatds from time appoint fuch proper and difcrcet perfons as they (hall think fit (being qualified as herein after is directed, and living within their refpective counties) to be deputy governors, the names of fuch perfons having been iirft prefented to and not difapproved of by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being.

TJtrovernors H* Provided always, That if the governor, or the ma-ueglcct to ap- jority of the governors of any county (hall decline, refufe, point deputies, or omit to appoint and return the names of fuch perfons t© lord lieut. may. foe deputy-governors of any county within the time before mentioned, that then and in fuch cafe it {hall be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, to appoint Inch perfons (duly qualified as herein after mentioned) as he or they fliall think fit, to be deputy-governors for every fuch couutv, whereof the governor or governoror the majority of

r	tkta

Digitized by

v

Google

J

The thirty-third Tear of Gedrge til.

them, fhall have declined, refufed, or omitted to appoint dqputy-govehiors as aforefaid.

Hi And be Lt enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Lis Majclty, hip heirs and fuccefibrs, (hall appoint a lieutenant-colored commandant, >or commanding officer of militia 'Tor every county in this kingdom, including counties of ci-rits, and counties of towns, by this a£t made part of feveral counties for the purpofes of this atl ; and alfo for fuch cities and counties of towns and cities as are not, or (lull not be made parts of counties for faid purpofe.

IV.	Provided always. That no perfon (ball be command* rug officer of two regiments, or battalions of militia for different counties.

V.	And be it enabled, That it fhall be lawful for every fuch lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or lieutenant-colonel, or commanding officer when appointed, from time to time, to appoint a proper number of lieutenant-colonels, majors* and other officers qualified as herein after directed, to train, difeipline, dnd command the perfons fo to be armed and arrayed, according to the rules, orders, artd directions herein after mentioned, and fhall certify to the lord lieutenant, or •ther chief governor or chief governors for the time being, the names and ranks of all fuch officers fo appointed, and in cafe the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors for the time being, (hall, within fourteen days after fuch certificate fhall have been laid before him or them, iignify his or their difapprobation of any of the perfons fo appointed, it fliall not be lawful for the faid lieutenant-Colonels-Commartdment, or any of them, to grant a cornmif-fion to any perfon fo difapproved, but cornmiffions fhall be granted to all fuch perfons fo appointed, who fhall not hd fo difapproved as aforefaid, and the officers fo appointed for the militia to be arrticd and arrayed as herein after directed, fhall rank with the officers of his Majcfty’a forces as young-trfl of their rank.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That when the lieutenan.-Colonel commandant, or commanding officer of any regiment Or battalion in any county, county of a city, or county of a town, fhall be out of this kingdom, or when there fhall be iio lieutenant-colonel-commandant, it fhall be lawful for the

. lieutenant-colonel of fuch regiment or battalion, or next Commanding officer for the time being, to grant commiffionj to officers to ferve in the militia for fuch regiment or battalion, and to fill up all vacancies that fhall happen in fuch manner as fuch lieutenant-colonel commandant could do, and alio to do all other acts, matters and things which might lawfully have been done by virtue of this ait, by the fa: 1 lieutcnsat-coloncl commandant, and the fame ihall be good

and

x 573 A. T>.

1793A Chap. 22* .

The kingto appoint alieut. colonel commandant, dec.

None to corn* maud lor ditbr-ent counties*

Commandant to appoinr lieut. colonels, m2jon, &c«

„ When com-

m mdant find he our of th<-kmedom, n \t oi-kcr may giant coniinii: on a.

Ti-

The thirtythirJ Ttar of Qeorge III.

A. D.

•793-Chap. 22.

O ramiffions ■at vacated, as herein.

Commandant ic» every co. to lave chief command of militia.

Codification trf deputy governors, and all other officers, dec.

and valid in the law, aa if done by fuch lieutenant-colonel* commandant himfeff.

VII.	And be it further enifted, That no commiffion of any deputy-governor, nor any commiffion of any officer in the militia, to be granted by any lieutenant-colon el-commandant, or lieutenant-colonel or commanding officer, /hall bevaacted by reafon of the revocation, expiration, or dif-contininncc of the commilTion by which any fuvh lieutenant-colonel-comtnandant, or lieutenant-colonel* as aforefaid* Was or were appointed.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That the lieutenant-colonel-comraandant of the militia of every county, and the commanding officer of militia therein, for the time being, (hall have the chief command of the militia within the county to which he 16 appointed, notwithflanding any order, direftion, matter or thing contained in arty commiffion or appointment of a governor or governors of the counties in this kingdom, or any of them ; and that the governor cr governors of every county, br the majority of them as aforefaid, (hall appoint twenty deputy governors at the haft, within every county, if fo many can be found qualified as herein after direfted ; but if fuch number of proper and dif-creet perfons fo qualified cannot be found within any fuch county, then as many fuch perfons fo qualified, as can be found within fuch county, and not difapproved .as before mentioned, fiiall be appointed to be deputy-governors for the purpofes of this a£t.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That all perfons to be appointed deputy-governors, or officers of the militia, in purfuance of this aft, except within cities, and counties of towns and cities, which (hall not be made pans of counties, within the provifions of this aft, (hall be qualified as fallows ; (that is to fay) every perfon fo to be appointed a deputy-governor, fhall be feized or pofleffed, either in law or equity his own ufe and benefit, in poffeffion of a real or freehold eftatc, or for the life of his wife, (he hav-ing a real or freehold eftate for her life, or for fome greater eftatc, or (hall be pofleffed of a term of years, whereof twenty years fhall be unexpired, in manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments in this kingdom, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or who (hall be heir apparent of fome perfon, who (hall in like manner be feizfrd or pofleffed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of four hundred pounds; and every perfon fo to be appointed a lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or major-commandant, (hall in like manner be feizrd of a real br freehold eftatc of the yearly value of two thoufand pounds, or (hall be heir apparent of fome perfon who (hall in like manner be feized

The thirty-tlirJ Tear 9/ George III*

wf a Uke eftate at aforefaid, of the yearly value of three thou-land pounds; and every perfon to be appointed a lieuteuant-colonel, ihall be feized of a real or freehold eftate, or for the life of his wife, (he\ having a real or freehold eftate for her life, or for foae greater eftate, or (hall be poflefled of a term of years, whereof twenty years (hall be unexpired as aforefaid, of the yearly value of twelve hundred pounds, or ihall be heir apparent of fome perfon who (hall in like wanner be feized or poffeflTed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value .of one thoufand eight hundred pounds; and every perfon fo to be appointed a major, Ihall in like manner be feized or poflefled of a like eft ate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds, or (hall be Jicir apparent of Come perfon who (hall in like manner be feized or poflefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of 4ix hundred pounds; and every perfon fo to be appointed a captain, (hail in like manner be feized or p ode fled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or (hall be heir apparent of fome perfon who fhall in like manner be feized or poflefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of four hundred pounds, or (hall be a younger ion of fome perfon who (hall in like manner be feized or pofleiTed, or, at the time of his death, in like manner was feized or pofleiTed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of four hundred pounds; and every perfon fo to be appointed lieutenants, (hall in like manner be feized or poflefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly Value of fifty pounds, or (hall be poflefled of a pcrfonal eftate alone, to the amount of five hundred pounds, or (hall be fon of fome perfon who (hall be, or who at the time of his or her death, was in like manner feized or poflefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, or who (hall be, or who at the time of his or her death, was poflefled of a perfonal eftate alone to the maoitnt of one thoufand pounds; and that every perfon who (hall be appointed'an enfign, (hall, in like manner, be feized or pof-fefTed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds, or (hall be poflefled of a real, freehold,' or perfonal eftate alone, to the amount of two hundred and fifty pounds, or (hall be fon of fome perfon who (hall be or who was at the time of his or her death, in like manner feifed or poflefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, or who (hall be, or who at the time of his or her death, was poflefled of a perfonal eftate alone to the amount of three hundred pounds, fave and except in the cafes herein after particularly mentioned; provided always, that the qualification of every deputy-governo", and one moiety at the lead of that of the lieutenant-colonel-

conunaudaut.

575

A, D.

l793* Chap, in

Digitized by Google

576	The x!Arty4hitJ Y^af- nf 'George	1M.

Oiulilic^tioUi oftlep g«»vcr-

|lo4 j oliiairaj (&£C.

CVrk nf ye>st. to inter q.t j tficationi on a iofi, Ac.

ebfrimand&nt, an j !ieuttnaitt*colond, fhall be ikuatcd within the county whereof he fhfcU be appointed deputy-eroerr-nor, or to the militia of ^ he ihall be<appdu>tcd ncate-nant-coionel commundant^ or heme nan t-colouel.

X And be it further enacted, Tint no perfon (hall hereafter he appoiirted to be depnry-governor of any county, or he appointed to any cofrntoiffion in the militia, that thdi require a qualification as to property, by virtue of thru act, tintil he (hall have delivered in to the derk of the peace vi the county fur which he (hall be appointed, or (m the ab-fence of the clerk of the peace) to bis deputy* a fpecidc de* leription hi Writing, tigned by him ft If, of lus quaKii cation. Hating the county Or counties, parhh or parifites, in which the eftate or states, wlych form his qualification, is or are Innate, with the denominations of the lands, aod the derk of the peaCC, or his.deputy, (hall tranfufit to the Ctlilos Riv tnloruin of the county a copy of fuch defeription, awl no commiflioti to be granted by virtue of this acl, (bail be valid, ttrdefs iL be declared in tlie commsifion, that the officer, to whom tlie edmmiffion is given* hath delivered in his qualification as above directed.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the clerk of the peace of every county, (hall, and is hereby required frua timerto time, to enter the qualifications tranfmkted t« him, according to the dived ions of this ad, upon a roll to be provided and kept for that purpofe, and to caui'e to he in-ierted in the Dublin Gazette, the dates of tlie comfrmTiou^ and names and rank of trie officers hereafter to be appnattd, in like manner as conmiffions in the army are published from the war-office ; and he is hereby authorized to eftanjr the

. .	-	.	#	c>	_

cx pence of receiving and recoiling fuch certificates rUptw-tively, "arid of fuch infer; ion in the Gazette, not exceeding the fum of ten (hillings for each commifiion to ibc coliccior of His Nlajdty’s revenue, of live county or diftnet, who is hereby directed to pay the fame ; fcuJ the foul clerk of the peace, or his deputy, fhdU in the mouth of January, in even year, tranfmit to the (ecretary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the time bei«g, a complete account of the qualifications fo left mih him, and fuch fecretary receiving fuch accounts, (had caufc coptts thereof to he annually laid before both houfes of parliament; and every deputy-governor and commiflioued officer, (had at feme general quarter ftfiions of the peace, or in one of His 'Majeity’s Courts of Record at Dublin, within three months from and after die date of their comtniflkms rufpac* tively, take fuch oath or oaths, and make and fign fuch tk-duration or dedaratior.s su is, «uc, or (fed! be acquired to he

taker,

Digitized by LjOOQle

Perfon s adfc-

The thirty-third Tear of George IIL

taken, .made, and figned by the officers of His Majefty’s other forces In this kingdom.

XII.	And be it farther enafted, That if any perfon (hall execute any of the powers, hereby direfted to be executed by deputy-governors, lieutenant-colonels-commandant, lieutenant-colonels or majors, not being qualified as aforefaid, inS as d#Puty or without having delivered in fuch fpecific defeription of ^a^Unt,Ucut. his qualification, as is herein before required, fave in the colonel, or cafes' herein-after particularly mentioned, or who fhall omit major, not

td take the faid oaths, and make the faid declaration within	P*r“Q.

the time hereby direfted for thofe purpofes, every fuch per- fu^ihaflTur-fon (hall forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds ; fcuaool. and if any perfon (hall execute any of the powers hereby di-icfted to be executed by captains, lieutenants or enfigns, not being qualified as aforefaid, or without having delivered in fuch fpecific defeription of his qualification, as is herein before required, or who (hall omit to take the faid oaths and declaration as before direfted, every fuch perfon, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, one moiety whereof (hall go to the ufe of the perfon who (hall fue for the fame ; and in every aftion, fuit, or information, brought	'

againft any perfon for afting as deputy-governor, lieutenant-colonel-commandant, lieutenant-colonel, major, captain, lieutenant, or enfign, not being qualified, as herein before direfted, .the proof of his qualification (hall be upon the perfon againft whom the fame is brought.

XIII.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained,,

(hall reftrain or prevent any peer of this realm, or heir apparent of any fuch peer, from being appointed, or afting as a deputy-governor, or a commiflioned officer in the militia, within the county, wherein fuch peer, or heir apparent of fuch peer, (hall have fome place of refidence, although he may not have the.qualifications herein before required, or to oblige any peer of this realm, or heir apparent of fuch peer, who (hall be appointed a deputy-governor, or commiflioned officer as aforefaid, to leave with the clerk of the peace, for the county, for which he (hall be appointed, any qualification in writing as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That the governor or Governor*

governors of-any county, or the majority of them as afore- may appoint / laid, (hall from time to time, appoint a clerk of the general «-leiks of gene-meetings, to be holden as herein after direfted, and nlay	58

difplace fuch clerk, if he, or the majority of governors, ‘ ? aCC Uw * where there is, or (hall be more than one, (hall think fit,

and appoint another in his room, and the deputy-governors within their refpeftive fub-divifions, or the major part of thofe prefent, at any fub-divifion meeting, (hall alfo from time to time appoint a clerk for their fub-divifions, and may

Voir. IX*.	O	o	difplace

Peers or their heirs not prevented from

Digitized by

Googl

The thirty Mrd Tear of George III.

difpfece fuch clerk, if they, or the major part of them (ha# think fit, and appoint another in his room; and the colke-tor of his Majefty’s revenue for everf county, (hall pay to the clerk of the general meetings, the firm of five pounds thirteen (hillings and nine pence, for each meeting, and (bail alfo pay to the clerks of the feveral fub-divifion meetings, the fum of one pound two (hillings and nine pence, foi each meeting, on fu :h clerks refpedively producing to fuch col-le&or, an order from one or more governors, and two deputy-governors affembied at fuch meetings, and fitch payments (hall be allowed in every fuchr collectors accounts;

Number of XV. And be it further enicted, That the number of men men to be to be raifed by virtue of this a&r fhaH be as follows: that is ”«ld0citie“'	forthe	county of Cork, with the city and comity

as hercim of the city of Cork, if fuch city and the county of the cay of Cork, (hall be made part of faid; county of Cork, for the purpofes of this a6f, one thoufimd four hundred and fixty-four men \ for the city and county of the city of Cork, if it (hall not be made part of the county of Cork, foui bandied and eighty-eight men ; for the county of Cork, in tike cafe, nine hundred and feventy-foc men ? fot the county of Kerry, four hundred and eighty-eight men \ for the county of Limerick, with the city and county of the city of Limerick, if fuch city and county of the city of Limerick (half be made part of faid county of Limerick, for the purpofes of this ad, fere* hundred ami twenty-five men ; for the city and county of the city of Limeiick, if it fhall not be made part of the county Of Limerick, three hundred and fiv« men ; for the county of Limerick, in like cafe, four hundred and twenty men? for the county of Tipperary, five hundred and fixty men? for the county of Waterford, with the city-aiid county of the city of Waterford, if fuch city and county of the city of Waterford, (hall be made part of faid county of Waterford, for the purpofes of this a&» four hundred and eighty-eight men ; for th'c city and county of the city of Waterford, if it (hall not be made part of the county of Waterford, owe hundred and eighty-threc men ; for the County of Waterford in like eafe, three hundred and five men; for the county of Dublin, with the city and county of the city Dublin, if fuch city and County of thfc city of Dublin, fhall be made part of the laid county of Dublin, for the purpofes of this a&, Xcven hundred men *• for the city and county of the city of Dublin, if it (hall not be made part of the county of Dublin, four hundred and twenty mn; for the county of Dublin, hi like cafe, two hundred and eighty men ; for the county of Kilkenny, with the county of the city of Kilkenny, four hundred. and twenty men:

-

’’ Digitized by'

Ooogle

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

for the county of Kildare, two hundred and eighty men ; for the King’s county, four hundred and twenty men ; for the Queen’s County, three hundred and fiXty-fix men ; for the county of Wexford, five hundred and fixty men; for the county of Wicklow, three hundred and fixty-fix men; for the county of Carlow, two hundred and forty-four men ; for the county of Clare, three hundred and fixty-fix men ; for the county of Galway, with the town and county of the town of Galway, five hundred and fixty men; for the county of Leitrim, three hundred and fifty men ; for the county of Mayo,-feven hundred men ; for the county of Rofcommon, four hundred and twenty men ; for the county of -Sligo, three hundred and fifty men; for the county of Antrim, with the town and county of the town of Carrickfergus, four hundred and eighty-eight men; for the county of Armagh, four hundred and twenty men ; for the county of Down, feven hundred and feventy men ; for the county of Louth, with the town and county of the town of Drogheda, if faid town and county of the town, (hall be made part of the county of Louth for the purpofes of this a£, five hundred and forty-nine men ; for the town and county of the town of Drogheda, if it (hall not be made part of the county of Louth, one hundred and eighty-three men; for the .county of Louth, in like eafe, three hundred and fixty-fix men ; for the county of Meath, four hundred and eighty-eight men ; for the county of Monaghan, four hundred and twenty men ; for the county of Cavan, three hundred and fifty men ; for the county of Donegal, five hundred and fixty men ; for the county of Fermanagh, three hundred and fifty men ; for the ci£y and county of Londonderry, five hundred and fixty men ; for the county of Longford, two hundred and eighty men ; for the county of Tyrone, five hundred and fixty men ; for the county of Wcftmeath, three hundred and fifty men.

XVI. And be it further ena&ed, That general meetings of the. governors and deputy governors of every county, (hall be holden in fome principal town of every fuch countv, and fuch general meetings (hall confift of the governor or governors, or any of them, together with three deputy-governors at the lead, or on the dea)h or removal, or in the abfence of the governor or governors, or all of them, then of five deputy-governors at the lead of every county refpec-tively, and one fuch general meeting (hall be holden within every county, within fourteen days, after the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, (hall iffue a proclamation for that purpofe, tequhring the militia of fuch county to be embodied, and af-Oo 2	terward*

A.

'57*

f>.

>793-Chap. 22.

Meetings of gov. and dep. gov. &c. to cOn-mt as herein.'

Digitized by

Google

5*o

thirty-third Tear of George III.

A. D. "793-

Chap. 22.

9ub»divifion meetings to be huldcn, Ac.

Clerks of fub-divifions to give notices as herein.

terwards fuch general meetings (hall be held annually upas the Tnefday that (hall happen next before the twenty-foui th day of O&ober, in every year, and the governor or governors, or any of them, together with three deputy-governors, (or on the death or removal, or in the abfence of the governor or governors, or all of them), any five deputy-

fovernore of any county, when ?nd as often as they (ball nd neceflary for carrying the purpofes of this a& duly and fully into execution, (hall divide every fuch county into fuch fub-divifions as they (hall think mod expedient, for carrying the purpofes of this a& into execution, and (hall fum-mon, or caufe to be fummoned, other general meetings of the governor or governors, and deputy-governors, on any days to be fixed by fuch fummons, of which days, and the places of holding fuch meetings refpeftively, notice (hall be given in the Dublin Gazette, and alfo in any newfpaper, ufually publifhed in fuch county, fourteen days at the leaft before the days appointed for holding fuch meetings refpec-tively; and in cafe any annual or general meeting (hall not be attended by the governor or governors, or any of them, and three deputy-governors, or by five deputy-governors, as herein before required, any one governor, or any one de-puty-govemor who (hall attend at fuch meeting (hall and may adjourn the fame to any other place within fuch county ; and in cafe no governor or deputy-governor (hall attend at the time and place appointed for the next meeting, then the clerk of the general meetings (hall adjourn fueh meeting to any other time, not exceeding eight days, and to be holden at the fame place. -

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That fub-divilion meetings, to confift of the governor or governors, and of deputy-governors within the fub-divifions of the rcfpe&hre counties, (hall be holden as hereafter dire&ed, which fub-divifion meetings (hall confilt of three members at the lead.

XVII (. And be it further ena&ed, That the refpe&irc clerks of the fub-divifion meetings (hall forthwith, or as foon as conveniently may be, after any fuch fub-<iivifioa meeting (hall have been appointed, give notice in writing of the time and place of meeting to the governor and governors, and alfo to fuch of the deputy-governors who (hall be reGdent within fuch fub-divifions, and alfo to the commanding officer of the regiment or battalion (if on a&ual fer-tice) or (if not on adual fervicc) to the licutenant-colond-commandant, or in cafe of the abfence of the licutenant-colonel-commandant from the kingdom, to the next commanding officer within the county, together with an account of the leveral days fixed fot receiving lids, and for ballott-

ing

Digitized by^'

The thirty-third Ytttr%f George III.

Jng and for enroDiqg the militia-men within every fndi fub-divifion, and fhall as foon as the militia-men are enrolled, Irkewife tranfmit to the governor or governors, and to the lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or commanding officer as aforefaid, a lift fpecifying the names and trades, and places of abode of all fuch militia-men as are enrolled, and where there are fubilitutes, the names, trades, and places of abode of the perfons in the room of whom they were inrolled as fubftitutes.

XIX.	Provided alfo, That every deputy-governor of any county, (hall, if he thinks fit, attend all fub-divifion meetings of fuch county, and aft, and vote therein, as if he was rendent in fuch fub-divifion.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That if it fhall happen, that three members fhall not attend at any fub-divi-fion meeting, the clerk of fuch meeting (hall, by notice to be given in writing, to the governor or governors, and to all the deputy-governors within fuch fub-divifion, or left at their refpeftive places of abode, appoint another meeting to be held within fourteen days, at the fame place where fuch meeting was to have been holden, fuch notice having been given five days at the lehft, previous to fuch meeting.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That the governor or governors, or any of them, together with three deputy-governors, or five deputy-governors, in cafe of the abfence of the governor or governors, or all of them, at the firft meeting, tq be held in purfnance of this aft, and at every annual general meeting, to be holden as herein direfted, fhall appoint the firft meetings of the fub-divifions, within the feveral fnb-divifions of the refpeftive counties, with re-fpeft to which proclamations (hall be iffued as aforefaid, which laid firft fub-divifion meeting fhall be appointed to be held in fuch counties as foon as conveniently may be, after fuch firft ger^ral meeting to be held in purfnance of anv fuch proclamation, and at fartheft, within eight days after fuch general meeting, and in cafes, where no proclamation fhall be iffued, then annually as foon after every general meeting to be held on every Tuefday next before the twenty-fourth day of Oftober in every year, as fhall at fuch general meeting be appointed ; and the fate! governor or governors, and deputy-governors, may, if they judge needful, appoint the time and place for a fecond general meeting, and fhall iffue out their orders to the high ami chief conftables, and where there fhall not be any high or chief confiables, to fome other officer of the feveral baronies, or

k other divitions, within their refpedive counties, requiting every fuch chief or high conllable, or other officers as aforefaid,

Deputy-governor may attend meetings

If 3 do not attend at fub-divifion meeting, clerk to appoint another meeting as herein.

Governor, &c. ti> appoint

fuh diviiion meetings for purpo let herein

Digitized t?

Google

sh

Tbf tbiriy~thtrd tear qf George III.

Commandant may grant licences to militia, men to carry arms, &c.

faid, tp iflue an order, under his hand, to aU condables, or other officers of every parifh, or place, within their refpec-tive baronies, or other divifions, to return to the deputy-governors, within their refpe&ive fub-divilions at the plaoes, and on the days appointed at the fird general meeting to be held in purfuance of this ad, and of eyery fubfequent general meeting afterwards to be held in every year, fair and true lids in writing, of the nap>es of all men, ufually and at that time dwelling within their refpedive parilhes, and places, between the age of eighteen and forty-five years, didinguifhing the refpedive ranks, profeffion, and occupation, and where the true names of fuch perfons cannot be procured, the common appellation of fiich perfons fhall be fufficient ; and diftinguifhing which of the perfons, fo returned, labour under any infirmity, likely to incapacitate them from ferving as militia-men, and the faid governor, governors, or deputy-governors, or any three or more of them afTeimbled, in their refpe&iye fub-diviiions, ihall out of fuch lids, fo returned by the faid condables, or other officers, enquire and feledt the names of all fuch perfoni mentioned therein, as are fit to carry arms, fuch enquiry and feledion to be made upon evidence to be given on oath, which oath the faid governor or governors, or deputy-governors, 01 any of them, are hertby empowered to ad-minider.

XXII.	And whereas feveral perfons may be drawn, or willing to ferve in the militia, wlio may not be qualified to bear fire-arms, at the time of carrying this ad into execution ; be it toadied. That it ihall and may be lawful for the lieutenant-colonel commandant, or commanding officer, and he is hereby required to grant licenfes to fuch perfons, who {hall be balloted to ferve in the militia, or fhall be approved of, to ferve as fubftitutes, and who are not legally qualified to carry arms, and the perfons fo licenfed, {hall be deemed and taken to be perfons legally qualified to ferve in the militia ; and when fuch lids Ihall fo as afore faid, be prepared by the faid governor or governors, or deputy-governors, or any three or more of them, at fuch fub-dtvifion meeting* they {hall caufc the clerk of fuch meeting to deliver copies thereof to the feveral condables, or other officers, within the faid fub-divifion, which faid condables, or other officers, arc hereby required to affix a true copy of every fuch lid on the outfide of the door of the church, and alfo upon, and at fuch place where notices are ufually publilhed, or poded, belonging to every fuch parifh, or place, (or, if any fuch parifh or place, (hall have no phurch belonging thereto,) on the outfide of the door of the church

Digitized by*

*< oogle



The thirty-third Tear of George III.	583

of £bme par!Hi-or place thereto adjoining, on fome Sunday A. D. morning, feven days at the lead, before the faid fub-divifion 1793. meeting, and alfo, notice in writing at the bottom of every Chap. 22. fuch lift, of the day, and place of the next meeting; and that all perfbns who fhall think themfelves aggrieved, may then appe^, and that no appeal will be afterwards received, and on the days, and at the places fo refpe&ively appointed as afprefafid, for the returns of the lifts, the conltables, or other officers rcfpe&ively, (hall attend and verify the faid return upon oath; and the faid governor, governor?, or deputy-governors, or any three or more of them aflem-tlcd in their refpeftive fub-divifions, fhall, after hearing any perfon, (or an appeal made in his behalf, if he be Tick or ^bfent,) who (hall think himfelf aggrieved, by having hi? name inferted in any (uch lift, pr by the pmiffion of any other name, direft fuch lift to be amended, as the cafe fhall require, and fhall alfo diredl the names of all perfong, by this a& refpedively excepted from ferving in the militia, if the names of any fuch fhall be inferted in any of the faid lifts to be ftruck out of fuch lift, and fhall appoint the times and places for their third meetings within their re-fpedlive fnb-divifioni, and fhall return to the clerk of the genetal meetings, for the ufe of the faid general meeting.

Certificates under their hands, 0/ the number of men iu each parifh, or place, fpecified iu the lift fo amended, and the fame fhall be filed by the clerk, for the ufe of the general meetings.

XXIlt. And be it further enaded, That the governor, or governors, or the majority of them, of any county, alterations together with any three or more deputy-governors, and on as herein, the death or removal, or in the abfencc of any governor, or governors, any five or more deputy-governors, may at any general meeting, holden as before directed, alter the appointed fub-divifion meetings, within fuch county, if there fhall be oopafion, and alfo may alter the allotment of the number of men in each refpcdlive barony, or other division, to ferve in the militia, towards raifing the number of hailitia-fnen, by this adt directed to be railed, for fiich county, according to the numbers contained in fuch refpec-tive certificates laft; received, from the feveral fub-diviJioq jncetings,

XXIV.	And be it further enadted, That the governor, Governor, or governors, or deputy-governors afTcmbled, at the faid fe-cond meeting, within any fub-divifion as aforefaid, fhall ap« ferve point what number of men fhall ferve for each parifh and each place, place, within fuch fub-divifion, to ferve for each barony, or btjier divifion, and (hall appoint another meeting, to be ^	holden

Digitized^

iGoogle

5^4	7he thirty-third Tear of George III.

A- D. holder* within fourteen days, from the day on which faclj 1793.	meeting was holden wjthin the fame fub-divifion ; and (hall

Chap. 22.	iflue out an order to the chief or high conftable*, or other

officers of the refpe&ive baronies, or other divifions, requiring them to give notice to the conftable, or other officer of every parifh, or pjade, within their refpeftivc baronies, .or other divifions, of the number of men fo appointed to ferve for fuch parifh or place ; and of the time and place of the ne$t fub-divifion meeting, and the faid governor, or governors, and deputy-governors, or any three or more of them aflembled, in purfpance of fuch appointment, (hall caufe the number ol men appointed to* ferve as aforefaid, to be chofen* by ballot out of the lift returned- for every parifh, or place aforefaid } which ballot (hall be conducted in manner herein directed ; that is to fay, the name of every perfon (hall be fairly written on a piece of paper, and rolled up, and fuch paper, fo rolled up, (hall be put into a box, by the clerk, and thereout the names (hajl be impartially drawn by the conftable, in the yievy of the governor or governors, or deputy-governqrs, and after fuch ballot, the faid governor or governors, or deputy-governors, or any . three or more of them,’ (hall appoint another meeting, to be holden within fourteen days in the fame fub-divifion $ and (hall iflyic out an order to the chief, or high conftablts, or other officers of the refpe&ive baronies, or other divifions, to direft the conftable, or other officer of every parifh or place, to give notice to every man fo chofen to ferve in the militia, to appear at fuch meeting, which notice (hall be given, or left at his place of abode, at lead feven days before fuch meeting ; an^l fuch conftable, or other officer, fhall attend fuch meeting and make a return upon oath, of the days when fhch notice was ferved, aud every perfon fo chofen by ballot, (hall, upon fuch notice, appear at fuch meeting, and there take the following oath, that ii to fay,

.. .	,	I	A. B do Jincerely promife and /near, tfiat / will be faith-

o^MUamans	and bear true allegiance to bis Majrfty' King George the

Third, and I do fzuear, that I will faithfully ferve in tie militia, within the kingdom of Ireland, for the defence of the fame, during the time qf four years, for which J am inroliedt unlefs IJball be fooner dtfeharged.

men enrolled to And every fuch perfon fhall be inrolled, (in a roll, to be ferve 4 year.-, then and there prepared for {hat purpofe,) to ferve in the militia of fuch county as a roilitia-man for the fpacc of four years.

£XV. Provided

Digitized by

y Google--

The thirty-third Tear of George HI.

XXV.	Provided always That if anv perfqn fo chofeq * by ballot, (hall procure and produce for his fubftitute, a

man atye and fit for fprvjce, and who (hall be approved by the fai4 governor or governors, or deputy-governors, or any three or more of them, fuch fpbflitute fo produced and approved, /hall be inrollcd to ferve in the militia of fuch county, as a private militia man, for the fpace of four years, and alfo, for ‘fuch further time as the militia /hall remain em* bodied, if within the fpace of four years the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, /hall order and dired the militia, for which fuch man is inrollcd, to be drawn out and embodied as herein after provided, and fuch fubftitute /hall take the following oath:

I A. B .the fuljlitrie of C. D. da Jtnctrely pramife qnd OaAsfi^b-f<weary that I >will be faithful and bear true allegiance to his &ai*c.

Majejly King George the Tbirdy and I do fweary that 1 v#ll faithfully ferve in the militia within the kingdom of Ireland, v for the defence of the fame, during the term offour years, or for fuch further time as the militia flail remain embodied, if within the fpace of four years, the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor, or governors, of this kingdo'tA, for the time being yJb all order and dire8 the militia to be drawn out and embodied, unlefs 1Jhall be fooner dfcharged.

A nd any perfon fo chofen by ballot, from whom fuch fub- perfoiw exempt* ftitute/ball have been Co produced, approved, inrolled, and cd who produce fxvorn as aforefaid, /hall be exempted fitnn fervice in the militia, in the fame manner as if he himftlt had ferved according to the diredionsof tins adt.

XXVI,	And be it further enadtd, That if through the Ifbvmiftake negled, or mi/take of any chief or high conftable,. confta- or negled of blc, or other officer, or from any other caufe, the full num- cojjftablc, &c.. her of men appointed for any fub-divifion, fhouid not be fub-dw!fionsnot duly inrolled at the meeting appointed for that purpofe as enrolled, lift* to before direded, then the governor or governors, or deputy- be amended,Sec, governors, or any two or more of them may, and they arc

hereby required immediately to caufe the lifts to be amended, and to proceed to a frefh ballot, and to adjourn their meeting, or appoint other meetings, and repeat the’amend-ing of the lifts as often as may be neceffary and expedient for carrying the purpofes of this ad duly and fully into execution ; and it /hall be lawful fur any one governor, or deputy governor, to adminifter the oath, herein before required to be taken by perfons to ferve in the militia, tOMBf perfon balloted for under the diredions of this ad, or to**y pcrfOu who being qualified as this ad requires, /hall offer to

feivc

Subftitute*-enrolied for 4 years, or longer.

586	The	thirty-third	Yc&r	ef	George	JII.

A. D. ferve as a fubftitute 5 and fuch governor or deputy governor 1793. '	w hereby authorifed to dire&and	require the clerk* of the

Chap. 22.	fub-divifion, for yrhich every fuch	perfon by whom the faid

oath has been before him taken is to ferve, to inruU the name of every fuch peifon, together with -the date of the day on which the faid oath was To adminiftered to him, in the roll of fuch fub-divifion.

Perfon cho- XXVII. And be it further enaded, That if any perfon fen (not a oua- chofen by ballot, according to the diredions of this ad, to ferve in the militia, not being one of the people called or to get a fub- quakers, (hall refufe or negled tq take the f^fd oath, and flitute, fliall	ferve in the militia, or to provide	fubftitute to be approved

forffitiol. and	M a fore faid, who (hall take the laid oath, and fign his con-

fent to fcrve as his fubftitute, every fuch perfon fo refufing or negleding, (hall forfeit and pay the lum of ten pounds, and at the expiration of four years, be liable to ferve again, or provide a fubftitute; and in defaalt of payment of fueft penalty, or for want of fufficient effeds whereon to levy the fame, the name of fuch perfon (ball be entered on the roll, and fuch perfon (hall be delivered over to fame proper office^ of the regiment or battalion for which he was balloted, and (hall be compelled to ferve for fuch term, to be computed from the time of his being apprehended, as any other perfon who (hould be then balloted for would be compelled to ferve; and (hall be fubjed to the fame puniftunents, for a& terwards abfconding or deferting, as he would have been fubjed to, in cafe In* had appeared and been duly fwom an^ enrolled as a militia-man.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no poet of the realm, nor any perfon who (hall ferve as a commiflioned officer, in any regiment, troop, or company in his Majefty’s other forces, or in any of his Ma-jcfly’s caflles, or forts, nor any uon-cornmiffioned officer, or private man, ilcrving in his Majefty-8 other forces, nor any commiflioned officer ferving, or who has ferved four years in the militia, nor any perfon being a member of the univerli-ty, nor any clergyman, nor licenfcd teacher of any feparate congregation, nor any conftable, or other peace officer, nor any articled clerk, apprentice, Teaman, or feafanng man, nor any perfon doing duty or employed in his Ma* jefly’s ordnance, for the fervice thereof, or at any magazines, or other ftore-houfe belonging to his Majefty, or under the diredions of the board of ordnance, nor any poor man, mot liable to pay hearth-money, who has more than three living children born in wedlock, (hall be liable to ferve perfatially, or provide a fubftitute according to the diredions •f this ad, and no perfon having ferved perfonally, or by ful/titiitc, under the diredions of this ^d, (hall be oblige^

n

wc Haute a»

kcrein.

Perfon* exempted from tierving.

Digitized b~

CjOogI

The thirty 4htrd Tear of George III.	587

to ferve again, until by rotation it fhall come to hi* turn, A. I), but no person who has ferved only as a fubftitute, (hail by *793-fuch fervice be exempted from ferying again, if he {hall be Chap. 22. chofen by ballot.	'

XXIX- And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be law- tribe!* ful for the faid governor or governors, and deputy-gover- may*!^ added, nors, or any three or more of them, within their refpe&ive to make choice fub-divifions, to add together whenfoever they /hall think impartial, ueceffary, the lifts for two or more parifhes or places, and	,

proceed upon fuch lifts, added together, in like manner as if they had been originally returned for one parifh c>r place, fo as tQ make the choice of militia-men by ballot, within every fuch fub-divifion, as equal and impartial as pof-fible.

XXX.	And be it further enabled, That if the lift of any Tf any lift be

parifh or place, (hall be loft or deftroyed, it fhall be lawful 1°^* &c* g°ver-for the governor or governors, or deputy-governors, within	cau	c	a

any fub-divifion, or any twb or more of them, to caufe a

new lift as aforefaid, in any fuch parifh or place to be made and returned tp them at their next fub-divifion meeting, in the fame manner as the lift loft or deftroyed was made, and ought to haveibeen returned to them by the dire&ion qf the general meeting.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be law- Gdv. Sec. in

ful for the governor cr governors, or deputy governors, fub-divifion may . , •	r t j* t	. 1	7	r iffue a warrant

within any fub-dmfion, or any three or more of them, from for attendance

time to time, to iflue their order or warrant, under their 0f con ftable,Xcc. hands and feals, requiring the attendance of the conftable, or othei officer of the parifh or place within fuch fub-divifion, at fuch time and place as in 'fuch order or warrant fhall be expreffed ; and if fuch conftable or other officer fhall refufe or ncgled to appear according to fuch order or warrant ; and if any chief or high conftable, or other officer of any barony, or other officer of any parifh or place, fhall refufe or ncgleft to return any fuch lift as before dire&ed, or to comply with fucli orders and dire&ions as they fhall rcfpe&ively from time to time receive, from the faid governor or governors, or deputy governors, or any three or more of them, in purfuance of this a6t; or fhall in making fuch return be guilty of any fraud or wilful partiality, or grof* negle& in his duty, the faid governor or governors, or deputy governors, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to commit the perfon fo offending to the common gaol, there to be kept without bail or main-prize, for the fpace of one month, or at their diferetion to fine fuch perfon in any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than foity {hillings.

XXXIL

58*

A. D.

1793-

Chap. 22.

Penalty for endeavouring to P>i£<ail on chief cotiftalvx', &c. to irakc a falfc return, See Sot.

Pernors who move from where they telidcd vl cn theKft was prepared, luUt to ferve •

Pjrifti deemed in <o. wheie chut eh fituated.

Gevemort, See. may examine upon oath, where they fufpe& fraudulent binding i f apprentices,

ftc.

The thtrty-th'rrd Tear of George JII.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted, That any peifo® who (hall, by gratuity, gift or reward, or by promife thereof, or of any indemnification, or by menaces or otherwise, endeavour to prevail <;n any chief or high cnnftabk, or other officer, to make a faffe return of any lift, for any j>ari(h or place, or to erafe or leave out of any fuch lift, the name of any man who ought to be returned to ferve as a militia man, every fuch perfon, for every fuch offence, fbaB forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds; and if any man fhall refufe to tell his chriftian and fumame, or fhall fiaJfdr tell a chritlian or fnmame, pretending the fame to be kis true chn’ftian or furname, or if any perfon fhaH refute t* tcH the chriftran or fttmame of any man lodgingor rriiding within his or her houfe, or fhall knowingly tell any falte pamc, pretending it to be the true name of any fuch m^p, to any conftahltr or other officer, authorifed by this ad to demand the fame, every fuch perfon fhall forfeit and pay the fom of ten pounds.

XXXIII.	And be ft further enafted, That every perfon chofen by ballot to ferve m the miHtia, fhall be liable to fuch fervfce, although he may have removed from the place where his name was iuferted m the lift, provided he was refilling in fuch place at the time when the lift was according to the direftions of this aft prepared ; and every petfoi liable to ferve m the militia, having more than one place oF rciidence, fhall ferve for the county or place where his D2ire fhall be firft inferted in fuch lift as aforefnid, and the clerk to the fub-divifion meeting, to which fuch lift fhall be returned, fhall, if fuch perfon requires the fair e, grant a certificate gratis, under l.Ts hand, that fuch perfon*s name was infected in fuch former lift, and iptci Tying the time when fuch lift was made and returned.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted, That when any parifh fhall be in two or more counties, the inhabitants of fuch parifh fhall ferve in the militia of that county wherein the church, or feite of the church belonging to fuch parifh is fituated ; and that the whold of fuch paiifh, for all the purpofes of this aft, be deemed part of that county.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any three or more governors, or deputy-governor*, fhall at any of their fub-divifion meetings, receive information, or fhall fufpeft that any perfon whofc name is inferted in any lift, and described as an apprentice, has been fraudulently bound apprentice, in order to avoid ferving in the militia, it fhall be lawful for them to make enquiry thereof, and to fummon fuch perfons as they fhall think neceffeiy to appear befote them, at fuch time and place as they (ball

appoint,

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

appoint, and examine fuch perfons upon oath; and in cafe it (hall appear that fuch binding was fraudulent in order to avoid ferving in the militia, it (hall be lawful for fuch governor, governors, or deputy governors, to appoint fuch perfon, fo fraudulently bound apprentice, to ferve as a militia man for the parifh or place for which fuch lift (hall have been returned, if there fhaJi be a vacancy; and if there (hail be no vacancy at that time, then upon the firft vacancy that (hall happen ; and the perfon to whom fuch apprentice Thall have been fo bound, (hall, for fucli offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds.

XXXV I. And be it further enabled, That if any perfon being one of the perfualion of the people called quakers, fhall be chofen by ballot to ferve in the militia, and ftiall re-fufe or negledt to appear, and to take the oath, and ferve In the militia, or provide a fubftitute, to be approved as aforefaid, who (hall take the Oath, and fubferibe his con-fent to fexve as the fubftitute of fuch quaker, then, and in every fuch cafe, any three or more governors or deputy governors, (hall, if they (hall think proper, upon as reasonable terms as may be, provide and hire a fit perfon to ferve as a fubftitute for fuch quaker; and feich fubftitute fhall take the faid oath, and fubferibe his confent to ferve rn the militia for the fame term, and on the fame conditions as herein before directed, in the cafe of fubftitutes produced by perfons chofen by ballot, ind any three or more governors or deputy-governors, may and are hereby authorised by warrant under their hands and feals, to levy by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch quaker, fuch fum of money as fhall be neceflary to defray the expence of providing and hiring fuch fubftitute, rendering to fuch quaker the overplus, (if any) after deducing the charges of fuch tliftrefs and fale; and if no goods or chattels belonging to fuch quaker can be found, fufficient to levy fuch diftrefs and it (hall neverthelcfs appear fatisfa&orily to fuch governor, governors, or deputy-governors, that fuch quaker is of fufficienf ability to pay the fum of ten pounds, then it fhall be lawful for fuch governor, governors or deputy-governors, to commit fuch quaker to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprice, for the fpace of three months, or until he (hall have paid fuch fum of money as ftich governor, governors, or deputy-governors fboll have agreed to pay to fuch fubftitute as aforefaid*, and in cafe any meaftrres (hall be ufed in making di ft refs as aforefaid, which maybe by any fuch quaker thought appreffirtf, it (hall be lawful for (uch quaker to complain to the governor, governors, or deputy-governors, at their next meeting,

- who

If any qnA«r fhall	te

feive, tir provide a fafcfti-

tuee, governors Stc. may provide a IhWH-xu*e, Iff.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Quaker* not to be confta-bles, Sue.

Perfons appointed to fuch office*, alledging they are ouakera, to affirm they hate have been fo one year.

Governors xnay difeharge unfit perfons, and amend the

aa.

Commandant and two deputy governors, or commandant if regimeht not in the co. maj dif-charge unfit perfons, ftc.

77* thirty-third Tear of George III.

who are hereby empowered and required to hear, and finally determine the fame.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded, That no perfoo being one of the people called quakers, (hall be appointed chief, high or petty conftables, or other officers, for the purpofes of carrying any of the regulations of this ad into execution.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, That if any perfon fhaD be appointed to fdch offices, and who (hall refufe to accept thereof, by reafon of his being one of the people calkd quakers, fuch perfon (hall folemnly affirm before the governor or governors, or deputy governors, or any one or more of them, at the next fub-divifion meeting, that he has been really, truly, and bona fide one of the people called quakers, for one year before he was appointed to fuch office, and thereupon fome other fit and proper perfon (hall be appointed chief, high, or petty conftablec, or other officer, in the room of fuch quaker, m order to carry this ad into perfed execution.

XXXIX.	Provided alfo, That when it (hall appear to the governor or governors, or any of them, and to any three or more deputy governors afTemblcd at any fub-divifion meeting, that any perfon chofen by ballot to ferve in the militia, Ss unable, by reafon of any infirmity, or not being of the height of five feet four inches, or is otherwise unfit for fervice, it (hall be lawful for the govemoi, governors, or deputy-governors, fo afiembled, ana they are hereby required to discharge fuch perfon, «nd immediately to amend the lift for the place for which fuch perfon (hall have been balloted, and caufe another perfon to be chofen in his ftead by ballot, according to the diredions of this ad.

XL. And be it further enaded, That whenever any militia-man, after having been fworn and inrollecl, (hall become unfit for fervice, it (hall be lawful for the lieutenant* colonel-commandant, or commanding officer of the regiment or battalion to which fuch militia-man (hall belong* together with any two or more deputy governors of the county to which fuch regiment or battalion belongs, if the laid regiment or battalion (hall then be within the (aid county, or for the Commanding officer only, if the laid regiment or battalion (hall be abfent therefrom, to difeharge any miHtia-mtn of his regiment or battalion, but another man (hall not be balloted for in the rsom of fuch militia-man fo dif-charged, Until fuch difeharge (hall be confirmed under the hands of a governor or governors, or of two or more deputy-governors of the county tb which fuch fuch regiment or battalion belongs, aftembled at any meeting in the fub-divifion for which fuch	was	iorolled.

XLL And

Digitized by Google

The thirty-third Tear of George lit,

XL I. And be it further enafted, That where any mi-lttia-man (hall, before the expiration of the terra for which he was to ferve, die, or be appointed a ferjeant, corporal, or drummer in the militia, or be difeharged in purfuance of the fcntence of a court-martial, the vacancy thus occafioned fhaH be filled up by a frefli ballot for a militia-man, to ferve according to the provifions of this aft.

XLII. And be it further enafted, That any three or more governors and deputy governors, at their feveral fub-divifion meetings (hall, and they are hereby required to ballot for militia-men in the room of all militia-men aftually ferving, whofe terms of fervice will expire before the firtt day of November then next enfuing the holding of fuch fub-divifion meetings, and (hall at a following meeting to be holden as foon as conveniently may be, proceed to inroli the faid balloted men, or their fubttitutes; and the commanding officer of every regiment or battalion is hereby empowered from time to time to difeharge any man of his regiment or battalion, whofe time of fervice will expire be-* tore the firft day of November then next enfuing, and to deceive any other militia-man in his room, who (hall have taken the oath and been inrolled according to the direftionr of this aft; and every fuch man fo difeharged, if ferving for himfelf, (hall be in titled to the fame immunity from further fervice, as if he had ferved his full time; and if any fuch man fo difeharged was ferving as a fubftitute, then the perfon for whom he ferved (hall be intitled to the like immunity as aforefaid.

XLIIL And be it further enafted, That if any fervant whatever, hired by the year, or otherwife, (hall be inrolled as a militia-man, and any difpute (hall arife between his matter and miftrefs, employer or employers and fuch fervant, touching any fum or fums of money due to foch fervant for or on account of his fervice performed before the time of< fuch fwearing and inrollment, or to fuch time as under the Conditions of the faid fwearing and inrollment he (ball be* obliged to quit the fervice of his faid matter or inittrefs, by being called out to join the militia in which he (hall have been fo fworn and inrolled, it (hall and may be lawful, <5i% Complaint made thereof, within three months from the time of quitting the faid fervice, to any jnttice of the peace for the county, city, liberty, town or place where fuch -matter or niiftrefi, employer or employers (hall inhabit, for fuch juftice to hear and determine every fuch complaint, and to examine upon oath every fuch fervant, or any other wit* nefs or witnefTes touching the fame, aid to make fnch order for the payment of fuch wages to fuch fervant in pro* portion to the fervice he has performed, as to fuch juttice

(hall

Where militia man (hall die, Sec. vacancy to be filled by ballot.

Governors

&c. to ballot for militia-mefi, as herein.

Money due fervant inrolled^ recovered as herein.

Digitized by Google

A. D.

*793; Chap. 22.

Substitute* who receive ■voocy and not attending^ for* Con a os. dec.

Perfons td* tiffing to pay fttfeftitute*, forfeit si. &c

When militia afcfenr from co. commanding of-

(hill frem juft and reafonable, provided the fum inqueftiotr docs not exceed the fum of twenty ‘pounds; and in cafe of refufal or non-payment of ariy fiims fo ordered by the (pace of twenty-one days next after fuch determination, fuch juftice (hall and may ifliie forth his or thtir warrant to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the goods arid chattels of fuch matter or mittrefi, employer or employers, rendering the overplus to the owner or owner! after paytaeht of the charges of fuch diitrefs and (ale

XLIV. And be it further end&ed. That if any perfon who (hall receive money from any other perfon to ferve as his fubftitute in the militia, as aforefaid, and (hall negleft to appear at the ufual meeting appointed for fwearing the militia-men, or before fome governor or deputy-governor, in order to be fworn according to the dire&ionft of this afl, every fuch perfon fo neglefting to appear and be fworn, being convi&ed thereof before kny gobemdr or deputy governor, (hall be obliged to return the money to the perfon or perfons from whom he received it, and alfo forfeit and pay to fuch perfon ot perfons any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings, at the diferction of fuch governor or deputy-go-vernor before whom he (hall be fo convi&ed ; and if fuch offender (hall not immediately return the money fo by him received as aforefafd, and likewife pay the faid penalty, he fhall be committed to the common gaol or houfc of correction for the fpaceof three months, or until the faid fum fhall be paid.

XLV. And be it further enadtecl, That if any perfon chofen by ballot to ferve in the militia, (hall have engaged any other perfon to ferve aft his ftibftitute, and the perfon fo chofen by ballot (hall have agreed to pay to the perfon lo engaged a certain fum for fuch fervice, and (hall after fuch fubftitute haft been inrolled, refufe to pay him the full fum agreed on, it (hall and may be lawful for any governor or deputy-governor, or juftice of the peace, on application made to him, and fuch governor, deputy-governor, or juf-tice, is hereby required to order fuch fum of money as (h 11 appear to him to be due to the perfon fo engaged, to be immediately paid to him by the perfon or perfons by or for whom he (hall be engaged to ferve as aforefaid; and ii cafe of his rtfufing or neglc&ing fo to do, to forfeit the fum of five pounds, and alfo the fum engaged to be paid to thefub-ftitute; the fame to be levied by warrant under the hand aod (cal of any governor or deputy-governor, or jutticc of the peace, off the goods and chattels of fuch perfon fo engaging Rich fubftitute.

XL VI. And be it further ena&ed. That whenever any body of militia (hall be embodied, and abfent from the 1	county

Digitized by

Google

Thi thirty-third Tear of George HI*

J$J

County to which it belong, the commanding officer of fuch A. D. body of militia (hall apply to evfcry man whole time (hall be *793^ within four months of expiring, and	who	in his judgment	Chap. 22*

(hall be fit to ferve as a militia man,	and	enquire if he is

willing to continue in the fervice for	fuch	term as any man ^cer	«“•

Who mould then be balldted to ferve	would be fubje& to,	^

and for what price or fum he will continue ; and fuch com- hertiu * * manding officer (hall on the firft day of the months of January, March, May, July, September, and November, re-fpe&ively, or as foon after as conveniently may be, tranf-rtit to the clerk of the general meeting of the county to which his body of militia belongs, a lift of all fuch private militia-men in fuch body of militia as he (hall find willing *	*

to continue in the fervice, in which lift (hall be fet down the	*

ftlms they are refpe&ively willing to continue for, and which lift (hall be figned by every fuch militia-man as aforclaid, and made in the following form, viz*

Vot* IJt#	P	P	Dated

Digitized by

Google

Jf4

A. I*.

* 793-

Chap. 2 Jr.

Dated tli#	Da£	of*



v

Digitized by

Google

*the thirty-third Tear of George III.

And that the figning of tlie faid roll (hall be binding upon the perfons figning the fame, to all intents and. purpofe? Whatfoever.

XLV1I. And be it further enacted, T*hat in cafe any officer, ferjeant, or other perfon (hall at any time wilfully and knowingly enlift any man to ferve in his Majefty's other forces, who at the time of fucli eiilifting (hall be enrolled or Engaged to ferve in the militia, every fuch enlifting (hall be deemed null and void ; and in cafe any rililitia-man at the time of offering to enlift as afor$fkid,v (hall deny to the officer, ferjeant, or other perfon recruiting for men to enlift arid ferve in his Majefly*s other forces, that he is (at the time of his pffering to enlift) a militia-man, then a&tially enrolled, and engaged to ferve, (which the faid officer, fer-jearit, or other perfon is hereby required to afk every man offering to enlift in his Majefty’s other forces) or (hall offer himfelf to be enlifted and ferve in any other regiment or battalion of militia, every militia-man fo offending (hall, on convi&ion thereof upon the oath of one Witnefs before any one juftice of the peace, be committed to the common'gaol or houfe of corre&ion, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for and during any time not exceeding fix months, over and above any penalty or punilhment to which fuch perfon fo offending is, or (hall be otherwise liable ; and every perfon fo offending from the day on which his engagemeut to ferve im the militia (hall end, and no fooner, (hall belong as a foldier to fuch corps of his Majefty's other forces into Which he (hall have fo enlifted; and if any officer, ferjeant, or other perfon (hall enlift any man btlQnging to the militia, to ferve in his Majefty’S other forces, knowing hiih to belong tothe militia, or without afking him if he belongs to the militia, every, fuch officer, ferjeant * or other perfon (hall* for every fuch offence* forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds; and If any perfon actually ferving irt any of his Majtfty’s other forces, (hall offer himfelf to ferve, and be enrolled as a fitbftitutc in the militia* every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay to the perfon informing of fuch offence, the fiitii of ten pounds, orbe committed to the com-inon gaol dr houfe of dorre&ion* for any time not exceeding three months.

XLVIIL And be it further enabled, Tliat the'cleiks of dU fub-divifion meetings (hall, within eight days after every fub-divifion meeting, tranfmit to the clerk of the general meeting of the county, fair and true copies of fuch rolls as fh llbefigned at fuch meeting, and of the other proceedings therebf.

’ XLtX. And be it further enabled, That the cuftos ro-thlorum* or fenior governor* in cafe of the ab fence of the * P p %	cmftos

S9S A. D.

1793-

Chap. . 22m

Enlifling of militia-sum void.

i

Cop’es of rolls to be tranf-mitted.

Account of fit perfon* to be tranfnrntted to privy council.

Digitized

Google

yj6	The thh ty third Tear of George lit.

A. D. cuflos rotuforum every county, (Kail, and fee is Hereby;

*79J*	refjtrircd to tranfniit to his Majefty’s privy Council, annu-

Cliap. 22.	ally, an acconnt in writing of the (rue ((ate of the num*

ber of perfons fit and liable to ferve in the militia for fuch

cour.ty.

Penalties for L.. And be it further ena&ed, That the money arifing mulii.g t°frtve fcy penalties incurred for refufmg to ferve in the militia.,, vi'/lin^r fubJii-°" '»*• to find fubftitutes to ferve in then- room, (hall be ap-jJlicd by any governor or governor** oi three or more de-puty-governors, within tbeir refp££live fnb-divifions, in pro-vidir*g fubftitutes for thofe perfons who (hall have pakf fnch penalties, fchich fubftitutes fhall he fworn in, and enrolled to ferve for the fame term, and on ifee fame conditions as arc hereiA before provided, fa £afe of fubftitutcs provided by perfoAs cbofen by ballot; and if any furplut fhall lemain, the fame fhall be paid to the lieutenant-coloneh commandant, or commanding officer of the refpf&ivt regiments or battalfoOs in which fitch perfons ought to have fhrvcd as nulitte-men, and fee applied as part of the regimental ftock.

Oaths may be	And ** ^ar^cr crimed, 'fW in all cafes in the

ad.tiUtiftcrcd by e^ccutidn of this a&, whiiv any matter or thing is dire&etf to be enquired of or examined into upon the oath or affir-rhrftibn of any wftnefs or witnefles, before any governor df any bounty, or any deputy-governor or governors, or juftice of juflices of the peace, th>y anc} every of them is, and aie hereby atftfeorixcd to adtmrufter fudn oath or affirmation to any witnefs or witneffes; and that all other oaths or affirmations to be taken in purfuance of this a<6l, fhall and may be rcfpe&ively admin >ft«r red by any governor* or dfcpnty-governors, and every perfon' who fhall ImowingTy and wilfully make any falfe oath or affirmation i* any matter required by this a&, and being thereof confided/ fhall fufier the penalties of wifful Xndf corrupt per-

Lli. And be it further ena&ed, That in the Jeveral counties where the number Of m£n is fufficient, the militia, fhall be formed into one or more regiments, Confiding of rrot more than twelve, nor lfefs than eight companies of one hYuulred iben to a company at the raorf, and fifty men at the lead ; and the field officers of fuch regiments fhall be as follows; that'is to fay/ one lieutenantcolonel-commandant, one lieutenant-colonel, arid one major; and where the riunu her of militia-men of any county, of county of a city, or county of a town, fhall amount to a number under eight, ;<nd uot Jefs than fire companies, fuch militia fhall'be formed into a battalion, and .the field officers of fuch battalion fhall b£ one Ikntcnaat-cOldritl/ and one major only; a ad

$	*	where

au7 g«v.

ftc-yt "i rr« To v.ouJifl of J>OU 3 to 12

(.ompunio,

liucin,

Digitized by

Google



The thirty-third Tear of George III.	597

where the number of militia-men of any county of a city, A. D.

or county of a town, (hall amount to any number under 1793.

five, and not lefs than three companies, fuch militia (hall be Chap. 22.

formed into a battalion with one' major, and no other field

officer; and w each regiment or battalion of militia, there

(hall be one captain, one lieutenant, and one enfign to each

company.

LIII. Provided ^always, That it (hall be lawful for every

battalion confiding of five companies or upwards, to have „ Battah°ns °* r &	i-	1	• r •	1 • »	5	companies,

one company of grenadiers, or light infantry', to which two or upwards,

lieytenants (ball be appointed, indead of one lieutenant, and m-jy have^re-x>ne enfign 5 and it (haH be lawful for every regiment con- ojdicrs, &c. hiding of eight companies or upwards, to have one company* of grenadiers, and /me company of light infantry, to each of which companies, two lieutenants (hall be appointed, instead of oue lieutenant, and one enfign; but k is hereby declared to be the intent and meaning of this a&, that all battalion companies confiding of one hundred, (hall have four commiffioned officers, namely, one captain, one lieutenant, and two enfigns; and all grenadier and light infantry companies, confiding of the like number of one hundred men each, (hall have one captain, and three lieutenants.

LLV. And be it further enabled, That when any lieutc* when com* pant‘Coloaebcommandaat, or other commanding officer of mandant, &c. any regiment or battalion, (ball be abfent from Ireland, all out of Ireland, the powers by this a& given to fuch lie^tenant-colonel-com- P°.wcr8 mandant or other commanding officer, (hall be veiled in, ^ command! and lawfully may be cxercifcd by the next officer in command in fuch regiment or battalion, who fhall be refiding -within this kingdom, until fuch Keutenaut-colonel-com-snandant, or other commanding officer (ball be returned to this kingdom, and (hall have notified his arrival to the clerk of the peace of the county, to which fuch regiment or battalion belongs; and the clerk qf the peace is hereby require od forthwith, upon receipt of fuet notification, to tranfmit an account thereof to the officer who fhaH have been next in command, as aforefaid; and all ads, matters and thing? done by fuch officer next in command, as aforefaid, in ex-crcifing the powers given by this ?d, to lieutenant-colonels-commandant, and other commanding officers, (hall be good and valid in the law, equally as if they had been done by the lieutenant<oloncl<qtni»andaf)t, or commanding officer himfelf.

. LV. And be it further enabled, That when a battalion j ^ of militia is commanded by a lieutepant-colonel, who (hafi ma^ {jj! piomot-bave been commandant of the fame for five years, or longer, cd, as herw/u k (hall be lawful for £he lord lkufvuaot, or other chief governor

Bigiti^gd by Cj O

A, D.

1793.

Cha{>*

L. lieut. may cpnfcr rank on officers hefeip.

Lifnt. may be appointed caft -licut. as herein.

Adjutant* may he appointed as nacm.

Tie thirty-third far of George III.

▼ttjw or governors* to give to fuch lieutenant-colocd-commaadant, a commiffion of lie u tenan t-colon el-coinjnan-dant.

LVI. And be it further ena&ed, That in all county where the number of men are fufficient to form fix companies, but not fufficient to fjprm a regiment, it (hall be lawful for the^ lord lieutenanfj or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, to confer on three officers of fuch* companies appointed and qualified according to the directions of this aft, the rank of lieutenant-colonel-command-ant, lieutenant-colonel, and major, but with no higher pay than if they were appointed lieutenant-colonel, major and captain } and where the number of men (had be fufficient to form four companies, but not fufficient to form fix companies, it (hall be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, in like manner to confer on two offi-cers of fuch companies, appointed and qualified as a fore-faid, the rank of lieutenant-colonel, and ibajor, but that only one of them (hall be entitled to any higher pay thaq tfiat of a captain.

LV1I. And be it further enabled. That anyperfon duly qualified as lieutenant, may be appointed to the rank of captain-lieutenant, in any regiment or battalion of militia, confiding of not lefs than fix companies, but that no captain-lieutenant (hall by the date of his commiffion, or otherwife, be entitled to the rank above, or to command any captain of a company in the militia.

LVIII. And be q further enabled, That the lieutenant, colonel-commandant, or commanding officer of every regiment 01 battalion of militia, with the approbation of the lo.rd lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom# for the time being, but not otherwife, (hall appoint one proper perfon, who (haft bav< ferved abroad for the fpace of three years, at the tupe of luck appointment, or who (hall have aftually ferved in Come of his Ma-jefty’s regular forces for the fp^ce of three ye^rs, to be an adjutant, with confiant and daily pay, as in his Majedy’s other forces during the time the militia (fiall be drawn out and embodied ; and if fuch adjutant ihaH be appointed out of his Mijedy’a other forces,’ he (haUt"duting his fervicc in the militia, preferve his rank in the army, iu the fame rqan-ner as if he had continued in that fervice ; and the lieutc-nant-colonel-commanuant, or commanding officer x>f any yegiment or battalion of militia of any county, may give any fuch adjutant a commjtfion of lieutenant or enfign, although fuc^i adjutant may not have the qualification required by lhi| aft for a lieutenant pr enfign ; and it (hall be lawful for the lieutenant-colontl-commandant, or command-

Digitized by

TTht thirty-third Yw »/ George .IlT,

jug officer of any regiment or battalion of miljtia railed within fuch county, confilligg of not lefs than fix companies, to appoint the adjutant of fuch regiment or battalion, to the rank of captain by brevet, provided fuch adjutant has ferved five years in the rank of lieutenant within the militia, or in his I* .ijclty's other forces, although fuch a4»-jutant may not have the qualifications required by this all for paptaiqs.

LIX. Provided always, That no fuch appointment to _	_____

the rank of captain (hall be valid, unlefs in the inftrument rofpecify m glinting the fame it be fpecified ip what regiment or batts- he*cm, lion, and whether of the militia, or of his Majefty's other forces, fuch adjutant hath ferved in the rank of lieutenant, and what was or tyere the date or dates of his commiffion or commiffions.

LX. Provided alfo, That no adjutant fo appointed to Rank of ad-the rank of captain, (hall by t|ie date qf hich appointment jutaut*. as aforefaid, or otherwise, oe entitled to rknk above, or to command any captain of a company in the militia, nor (hall by virtue of fuch appointment, be entitled to receive any greater pay than that of a lieutenant, together with his pay as adjutant.

LX1. And be it further enabled. That the lieutenant. _	..

polonel commandant, or where there is no lieutenant-colunel- office, mayap-commandant, the commanding-officer of any regiment or point a clerk, battalion of militia, ponfiiling of more than two companies, « herein when fuch regimenror battalion is pot inallual fervice, may appoint a regimental or battalion cln k, with an annual falary pot exceeding fifty pounds, who (hall execute the office of j)aymafter.

LXII. Provided always, That every fuch regimental or Clerk to give battalion clerk, (hall forthwith give feeprity by recognizance ^CUfity* to his Majefty, with two fufficient fureties, which recognisance (hall be entered into before the oolle&or of his Ma* jelly's revenue for the county or county of a city, for which	•

every fuch regiment or battalion (hall be raifed ; and it fhal) be lawful for every fuch vollellor to take and receive every fuch recognizance, for the ufe of b»s Majclly, conditioned to be accountable for, aild to pay all fuch fum and fwm of money, as ever) fuch clerk (hall receive for the due perform-* pnee of the trull to be repofed in him, which recognizance (hall he lodged in his Majefty's exchequer, and in cafe of failure, (hall be put in fult.

LXI11. And be it further enabled, That no actant,' Officer»hcrein fmgeon, regimental or battalion clerk or quarter-mailer in not to Mil otUr tlie militia, (hall be capable of being appointed captain of csWimiflieu» a company ; and that no perfon holding the commiffion of ^aptaip qf a company (hall be capable of being appointed

furgeon.

Inftrument

Officers fenr* Inf m militia, not 4o forfeit b*lf-piy.

Half pay officer's oath.

iit'. i

3 ferjeants, and 3 corporals

lo ap men,

Oath to he taken by fer-

Iearns and cor-)oralf.

6s. a day to sdjutant, when militia not

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

furgeon, regimental or battalion clerk or quarter-mailer | provided ncverthelefs, that any battalion clerk may be appointed captain-lieutenant itr any regiment or battalion of militia, entitled by the provifions of this a& to hare a cap-tain-lieutenant ; and that any furgeon or furgeons-matc may be appointed lieutenant or enugn to any regiment or battalion of militia, without being qualified as herein before dircaed.

LXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That no officer who is entitled to ha]f-pay, (hall be deemed, dr taken to forfeit, brejuit fuch half-pay, during the timfe he (hall ferve in any tegiment or1 battalion* of militia, but thit the fame (hall ncverthelefs(continue, and inftead of the oath dire&ed* hr the aa for punilhing mutiny and deferiion, and for the better payment bf thearmV and their quarters, to be taken by fuch officers* he (hall take the following oath:	*	-

/ A. B. do fwear that I had not between the any place nr employment of profit, civil dr military, under bit MajeJly, bejides my allowance of half-pay at reduced ‘ late regiment of	c	favi anj except my pay for

fervingin a regiment of militia•

And the taking of the faid oath, (hall without taking any other oath,* be fufficient to entitle fbch perfbn to receive lus half-pay*	’•	*	•	.	.	»

LXV. And be it further cna&ed, That feijcants, corporals, and drummers, (hall be appointed to the militia, To the following propoitions ; that is to fayi there (hall be throe ferjeants, and. thrce corporals to every hvenfy mCn; and two drummers ‘to every company, and the daily pay of every fuch ferjeant, corporal,’ and drummer (hall be as follows ; that is t& fay, to every feijCant one (hlllipg and one penny, to every corporal eight-pence, and to ©very druxri-mer eight-pence, and fuch ferjeant, corporal,1 and drummer Ihall be new clothed, when not in adtual fervice, oiice ifl two years : and* all ferjeants and corporals (hall take the following oath ; that is to fay : •	4

/ A. B- do folemply promife and fwear, that I will he faith-fulf and bear true allegiance to bis Majefly King George the third, and that I will faithfully ferve as a ferjeant or ccrforaj (as the cafe /ball be) in the militia, within the Jt 'mgdom of Ireland, for the defence of the fame, until 1 Jhcdl be legally dif-fbargeeh

LXVI. And be it further provided* That the pay of the »djutantsy at the time that the militia (hall not be drawn

. ; .	*	eat

... t

7>; thirty-third Tear of George III.

out and embodied, (hall be fix (hillings per day; and the licutenant-coionel-commaodant of every regiment or battalion, or where there is no lieutenant-colonel-commandant, the commanding officer of every battalion, confiding of four or more companies, piay appoint a feijeant-major out of the ferjeants, and a drum major out of the drummers; and that all feijcanta, corporals and drummers, having received any pay as fpeh from any regiment or battalion, (hall be deemed to be engaged, and compellable to ferve in fuch regiment or battalion, until they doll be legally dif-charged.

LXVIf. Provided nrtwayp, That no perfon who (haU keep any houfe of public entertainment, or who ffiall feU any ale or wine, or any fpirituous liquors by retail, (hall be capable of ~beihg appointed, or ferving as a feijeant* cpi> poral, or drummer m the militia.

LXVJI1. And be it further enafted, That any feijeant, cofpdial,' 'or dWimmer, may be difeharged by the lieutenant* colonel-commandant, or where there ispo licutenant-colonel-commandant, by tlie commanding officer, with the confent of the captain of the company, and that the captain, with t]he approbation "of the commanding officer, may appoint any proper perfon in the room of any feijeant, corpora), or drummer, who fjiall die,‘ defert, or be dilcharged, ail which ferjeants and corporals, when fo ‘appointed, (hall take the like oath as is herein before required to be taken by ferjeants and corporals.

LX IX. i\nd be it further enafteij, That in cafe the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion, (hall be defir-dus of keeping Up a greater number of drummers than two per company, to be employed as fifers or mdficiaxm for the Ufe of the laid regiment or battalion, and (hall be willing to defray the expence of fuch additional drummers, it (haH and may be lawful for the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion, to retain in their refpeftivfe corps any number of the drummers who' (hall be employed as fifers or muficians, therein over and a^ove the number of two* drummers per company, eftablifiied by this aft, or at any time hereafter to engage any additional number of drum* mers to aft as fifers or muficians in their refpeftive corps, and all fuch drummers fo retained, or in future engaged to (erve in any fuch corps, as fifers or muficians, (hall be deemed as drummers of milipa, within the meaning of this aft, to all intents and purpofes whatsoever, and (hall be fubjeft to the fame orders, regulations, penalties and pu-nifhmcnts as other drummers of militia are by this aft fubjeft to; and (hall continue to ferve as drummers fo long ais r *	they

drawn out and embodied, &c.

Publicant not to ferve as ferjeants. &c.

Serjeants, &r, may Ik difeharged, hcaain.

Commanding officer may retain drummer', over a, Sec,

Digitized j)y Gopgk,

penfioacrt ferving in mill* tia, (hall receive the allowance,

kf*

Militia to he trained once a year, for 28 day* together, *c.

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

they (hall receive the fame pay and cloathing at othor drummers have, or better cloathing in lieu thereof, and so longer.

hXX. And be it further ena&ed, That any perfon being a feijeant, letter-man, or other penfioner, on the e(labli/h-went of Kilmainham, or Chelfea hofpitals, at the allowance of fwch hofpitals, or either of them, and being appointed to ferve in the militia, (ball, and may receive the laid bof-pital allowance, together with his pay from the faid militia j and any perfon who (hall have faithfully ferved as a ferjeant in the militia for fifteen years, or as a corporal or drumiAe* <v for twenty years, and who dm! be difeharged on account of age or infirmity, (hall, on the recommendation of thp commanding officer of the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, and any one or more of the governor or govern nors, and t\yo or more deputy-governors of the county tQ which the faid regiment or battalion bdohgs, or on the death 01 removal, or in the abfence of the faid governor ttr governors, by the commanding officer, and three or more deputy-governors of fuch county, be entitled to exa«* mination at the Kilmainham-board, and be capable to be placed on the penfion of fuch hofpital, if the faid boarx) should judge him deferving thereof; provided that no per* fon, who fhall be appointed a ferjeimt in the militia after the palling of this a&, (hall be entitled to fuch rcpompence until lie (hall have ferved in the milkia, or in the army and militia for twenty years,	,

LXXl And be it further enabled, That the militia t<\ be appointed as aforefaid. (hall in every county concerning which proclamation (hall type made as aforefaid, be trained and exercifed by regiment or battalion onoe in every year, for tweuty-eight days together, in the manner herein-afte* directed, at uich time and place as fhall be the leaft inconvenient to the pi^blic ; fuch time and place to be appointed by a general meeting of the governor or governors and de-puty-governorS| to be holden as herein before dirtied within every county, or in default of any fuch meeting being holden, then by five or more deputy-governors hereby authorised to a&, when the governor or governors (hall not attend, or there (hall be no governor or governors as aforefaid, and during fuch time as the militia (hall be aflemblcd for the purpofe of being trained and exercifed, all the olaufes, provisions, matters and things contained in any aA of parliament, which fhall be th$n in force for the punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army, and their quarters, fhall be in force with tefpcfl to the miiiiia, and all the of$ccrs^ non-^ouimiffioned officers^

\

* Digitized by

Ti* thirtj-ttyrJ ftar if G*Wgi III?	0b$

pd pfurate pren of the fame in alleafes wkatfperer, but To	D.

fhat no pumilupent (kail extend to lob or life or limb.	^793-

LXXU. And be it further eux&cd, That notice of the Chip. **., tinae and place of e*£r$iie of the militia-men of eaph pgrifr, frail be fept by the clerk of the general meetings to tho Nprice of «x-phief or high conftabiea, or other officers of the feeend b«* ««ifc c<> k«font ronies, or other diyifions, ‘with dire&ions to forward tl^c ^conA*bU^ fame to the conftables, or other officers, within their refpec* five baronies or other'divifions ; which conftables or other * officers, fraH caufc inch notice as aforefaid, to be affixed on the outiide of the doors of the churches belonging to theitf rcfpeAive parities or places, or, (if any place frail have np yhurch belonging thereto,) on the outfide of fhe doors of the church of lome parifr or place thereunto adjoining, and alfo upon the ufual place for polling notices in fnc^

ftarilh or plape ; and all fuch militia-men (hall duly at-end at the time and place of exercjfe, according tp fuch police.

LXXIII. And be it further enafted. That the clerks of Lifts of rathe feveral fub-divijion meetings in every county, frail, ten rollmcnts to be days at lcaft before the time fo appointed for the annual fcnt*?co"L cxercife, caufe a full and true lift, Specifying the name§ and ^ ° r dates of tlie'mrollment of all the perfons inrolkd (within each fub-divifion refpe&ively,) to ferve in fuch regiment or battalion, to be tranfroittld to the commanding officer of fuch regiment or battalion, or to fuch perfon as (hall be appointed by fuch commaqdjqg officer to receive the fame ; and frail in like manner c^ufc a duplicate of fuch lift to be tranfmitted \o the adjutant of fuch regiment or bat* falion.	;	^	‘	‘

LXXIV. And be it further enaAed, That it fraU be law- Mayors, &c. - ful for'all mayors, fovcreigp$, bailiffs, burgomafters, fe- to biilct oilicers, ncfchals, conftables, aud the cjpef and other magiftrates, &c- ol milifia and officers of cities, towns, parifres, and places, and (in ** othcr forct3-iheir default or abfcnce) for any one juft ice of the peace inhabiting within or near any fuch city* town, panifr, op place, and they and he are, and is hereby required to Quarter and billet the officers, non-commiffipned officers, and private men ferving in the militia, at the times when they frail be called out to annual cxercife, as by law they may billet his Majetty/s other military forces; and when the cplitia is not embodied* gll mayors, and oilier chief, and< other magiftrates, and officers aforefaid, or (in peir default pr ab fence) any one juftice of the peace as aforefaid may, and they and he are and is hereby required to billet aa aforefaid, fuch fcrjea&ts, corporals and drummers of the militia.

™ ‘ “	LXXV.	An*

When a mUi-tut'tnao Aiall be di&hled by fick-ndt) any juP lice, dec. may order him re-lid.

Juft ice* may iflue warrant* to conftables &c. to provide carriages for fcig|ap*,

71# thirty-third Yunr of George IlL

LXXV. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any militia-man (hall on hie march, or at the place where he (hall be called out to annual exerctfo, be difabled by Acknefo or otherwise, it (hall be lawful for any one juftice of the peace of the eouuty or place, or any mayor or chief magi (Irate of any city, town, or place where fuch man (hall then be, by warrant under hr* hand and foal, to order him fuch relief, as fuch juftice, major, or chief magiflrate (hall think reafoo-able ; and the uune (hall be given by the colle&or of his Majcfty’s revenue, of the place which fuch miHtia-man (hall then be, and the colk&ors giving fuch relief, (hall, upon pro* ducing an account of the ex pence* thereof,, be allowed the fame m hi* account*, fuch account being Erft allowed under the band* of two juftice* of the peace.

LXXV I. And be it further enaffed, That when themi* litia (hall be called out to be trained and exercifod, any juf-tice of the peace of any county, being thereunto required by an order from the governor or governors, or any of them, or from any deputy-governor* of fuch county, or from the lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or other chief commanding officer of any regiment or baltaliou, or detachment of militia, being within fuch county, to iflue hi* warrant to the chief or high-con liable* of baronies, or to the conftables or other officer* of the fovera) parifltes or place*, from, through, qear, or to which any fuch regiment, battalion, or detach-spent of militia (hall be ordered to roarcb» requiring them tq provide fuch fufficient carriages to convey the arms, clothes, accoutrements, powder, match, bullets, and other llores, with able men to drive fuch carriage* as (hall be mentioned in the faid order ; and in cafe fuch fufficient carriage* and men cannot be provided within any fuch county, barony, parifh, or place, then any juftice of the peace for any adjoining county, (haH, upon fuch order as aforefaid, being (hewn unto him, iflue hi* warrant to the chief or high-con-ftable, conftables, or other fuch officer* of any barony or place within fuch adjoining county or place, for the purpofes aforefaid, to make up fuch deficiency of cahiages and men; and fuch governor, deputy-governor, or lieutenant-colond-commandant, or other commanding officer requiring fuch carriages and men to be provided as aforefaid, (hall at the fame time pay to every fuch chief or high-con ft able, or other officer, for the ufo of the perfon or perfons who (hall provide fuch carnages and men, the fum of one (hilling for every mile any cart with four horfos, and fo in proportfon for any car*, or other carnage* drawn by any lefs number of horfos, for which refpe&ive fums, every chief or high con-ftable, conftables, or other officer receiving the fame, n hereby required to give a receipt to the penoo paying th$

‘ I	famcj

Digitized by

Google

-----	T	mtti 1	1hf

Thi thtrty-thifd Tear of George 1IL	6o$>

&me ; and every fuch chief or high con (table, conftables,' A. D* oi* other officer, (hall order and appoint fuch perfon or per* 1793.

Tons having carriages within their reipe&ive baronies or places. Chap, a a.

as they (hall think proper to provide and furniih fuch car-

riages and men, according to the^ warrant afordaid \ and

every perfon fo ordered, is hereby required to provide and

furm(h the fame accordingly, for one day’s journey, and no

more; and in cafe any fuen chief or high conitable, confta- *

bles, or other officers, (hall he at any charges for fuch car*

riages, over and above the money which (hall be fo received

by them as aforefaid, fuch overplus, being verified upoti oath,

and approved of under the hands of two juftice* of the peace,

(hall be repaid to them without fee or reward, by the col-* le&or of every fuch county or place, out of the public nto* ncy, which (hall in like manner be allowed m his accounts.

LXXVII. And be it further ena&ed, That the lieute- Commanding nant-colonel-commandant, or other commanding officer of officertto make every regiment or battalion of militia, (hall, and he is hereby fee!*!* often at required as often at the regiment or battalion (hall be called militia called •ut to annual exercile as before directed, to return to the out to anmul chief fecretary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief gover- excrcifc* nor or governors of the kingdom, a true (late of fuch regi-> ment or battalion ; and in cafe any fuch lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or commanding officer, (hall refufe or negle& for fix months after the faid annual exercife fo to do, he rtiall for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the Aim of one hundred pounds.

. LXXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That every mfli* Militia-ma* tia-man (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating not appearing him) who (hall not appear at the time and place appointed pja^appointci for annual exercife according to the dire&ions of this a&, penalty id,

* (notice having been publiffied as this a A requires) (hall be deemed a deferter, and if not taken until after the time of fuch exercife, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds ; and atfo every militia-man who having joined the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, (hall defert or abfent him-(elf during the time of annual exercife, and (hall not be taken until after the time of fuch exercife, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds ; and if fuch penalty (hall not be immediately paid, the; juftice of the peace before whom any fuch militia-man (hall be convi&ed of any fuch offence, (hall commit fuch militia-man to the common gaol, there to remain without bad or mainprize,. for the fpace of fix months, dr until he (hall have paid the penalty.

LXX1X. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any MiJitia-mea militia-man (hall defert or abfent himfelf from his duty, and defertiog (or j * (hall not return or be taken within the fpace of three months, moD *»

from

Digitized by

Google

M

A. 0.

'in-

Ch*? it.

nor, Ac. Jo proceed to ballot for others.

Subftitute* Who delcrt, IhhJeA to penalties, See. as hereto.

hftifleets* See. to be marked (M) aiul Dame of county.

Penalty for buy ire aims, Stt. 51. or 3 months imprt* fonmenu,

fit tkirfy^hlrd ¥tar of ticorgc lit.

frith tlte thfie of his fo deforcing or abfcnting hiWelf, thfn; upon cettHfoate thereof from the commanding officer of thd reghwettt or battalion to the governor; governors; or depu-tT-gdefmoi*, at any of their nWetings, for the fab-divifions for which fuch militia-tttan was enrolled, fdch governor, governors, or deputy-gorremofs, or any three or thofe of them* ate hereby retjtiirfd to Hold a fabJififlon meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another perfon to fetve, and be returned to foeh regiment or bttttahon in the n>9m of every fnch nhTitia-mnn 5 and h Cafe ftich rfnHtia-mari (haft; at any timt return to, or be taken, Ae fhall rtdtdrithftandmg any perfoa (heft hafe been dhoferf in his room, be compelled to fcrfe In the fflnie manner and for the fanie tertti, as if no perfoa had been fOchofon in his room.

LXXX And be it further eria&ed* Tint if any perfon being fworn and enrolled to fcrve as a fubftitrftt in the militia, Aatt afterwards defert- dr abfertt htmfelf from the r& gteiertt or battalion to which he belongs, every fbch perfon fhallbe liable to,'and fhdl ferVe as sr frimtia-man in fuch regiment Or battalion, for and during (he foil term for whtci he fhaD be enrolled, to be computed from the day on dhicH he ftmM be apprehended; and fhall alfo bd fabjett to fuch other penalty or punrfhm*nt as fhafl be inili&ed opon hid for fuch offence, by virtue of this a<fl; and the commanding officer of fuch regiment or bittaHon; (half caufr notied to be given to the clerk of the fub-divifion, for which fnch perfon was enrolled, of the day on which-he was apprehended, and fuch clerk fhall make an entry on the roll of the militia, of the name of fudh perfon, and abb of the tiilie of his being fo apprehended.

LXXXI. And be it further ena&ed, That ail mnflcet?,* bayonets, fwords, ftores, and accoutrements; delivered fcf the fmiee of the militia, fhall be marked in fome diftind place, with the letter (M), and the name of the county to whish they belong ; and in cafe any mfh‘tra*man fhall fell, pawn, or lofe any of his arms, elothes, or accoutrement$< or negk& or refafc to return the fame in good order to hh captain, or to the perfon appointed to receive the feme* every fuch militia-man fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay a fum not exceeding five pounds ; and if ftich militia man fhall not immediately pap fuch penalty, the juftiee of the peace before whom he fhall be convicted, fhall corr-tnit him to the common gaol othoufe of correction, for any term not exceeding three months, or until he fhall have paid the faid penalty.

L^XXII. And be it farther enabled, That if any peTfrrt fhall, knowingly and willingly buy, take in exchange, conceal, or otbeiwiie rective any arms, clothes, ftores, or ic-

«outfcmeuti,

Digitized by (^ooQle

Tht thirty-third Tftdtr $f George 111.

Cmttremcnts, belonging to any militia-man, 'upon any account of pretence whatsoever, Contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, the perfon lb offending, upon con-iri&ion thereof, before any jullice of the peace, (halt forfeit and paywfor every foch offence, the fum of five pounds } and if foch offender (hall not immediately pay foch penalty, and (hall not have fufficient goods and chattels whereon to levy foch penalty, the juft ice before whom he (hall be cofl-to'&ed, ffiatt commit him to the common gaol* there to main without bail or mainprize for the fpace of thrCe months, or ffiall caufc foch offender to be pubUckly whipped, at the discretion of fuch juft ices.

LXXXIII. And be it furthei* enabled, That whe* any regiment or battalion of militia, (had be affembfed for the piirpofe of being trained and exencifed, it (hall be lawful for th^ captain, or commanding officer of every company, to put the militia-men of his company under ftoppages not exceeding fix pence per day, for the purpofe of providing them with linen* and alfo with (wettings and other ncceflaries, and for defraying the expence or repairing, any arms which (hall have been broken or damaged by any foch militia-man’s negk&; provided always, That every fuch captain, or commanding officer, (hall account with each militia-man for foch ftoppage, and after deducting what (ball hart been laid out, and paid for neeeftaries, and for repairing the arms as aforefaid, (hall pay the film remaining (it any there (hall be) into the hands of the militia-man to whom the fame belongs, before fuch milkia«man (hall be difmifted foom fuch training and excrcife.

LXXX1V. And be it further ena&ed* Tliat evety adjutant* ferjeant- major, ferjeant, corporal, drum-major, and drummer of the militia, (hall be at all times fobje& to any which (hall be in force for punching mutiny and deferti-o», and for the better payment of the army, and to the articles of war, and under tlte command of the lieutenant-colo* net-commandant, or (in the abfeace of the lieutenant-colo-nd-commandant*) the commanding officer of the reginoeht' or battalion to which he belongs $ and it'(hall be lawful for the hYiitetwirt-ctdonebcomimndant, or (in bis abfence) the oommanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, to direCf the holding of Courts-martial, whenever foch regiment or battalion (hall be embodied for the purpofe of annual exeicife, for the trial of any feijeant-major, fdjeant, corporal, drum-major, or drummer, of foch regiment or battalion, for my offence committed -during the time foch regiment or battalion was not embodied, but fo that qo pu-auttflicnt (hall extend to the lofs of life or limb.

3	J,XXXV.	And

Mnitia-rben, when aflembled for training, may be pot under ftoppages, for purpofea herein.

Adjutant#,

Sec. fubjeft to ' mutiny ait, and articles of was.

Digitized by

Google

Serjeant or corporal may be reduced. Sec.

Arms team* trementa, See. to be kept m barracks. Sec.

I-1d. of fer-]«anta, to be cofiftantly re-fidetit where amt are kept, and ander command of adjutant.

Thi ithrtj'Mfd Tear ef George tlf.

LXXXV. And be it further enaded, That any fcijeat-or corporal of the militia, maj, by fentcnce of a court-martial, be reduced to the Condition of a private foldier of the militia, to fenre as fueh during any time not exceeding three yem, after which time, if he fall not be regukrly re-appointed to the rank of a non-commiffioocd officer* he (hall be difeharged from the ferfice.

LXXXvI. And be it further enaded, That the arms* accoutrements, and (lores, belonging to every regiment or battalion of militia, when not embodied, (haO be kept in fome barracks or barrack, place or places within every county where his Majefty’s regular troops (hall be quartered or rationed, or fuch other place therein as (hall be appointed for that purpofe by the lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or other commanding officer ; and the adjutant, feijcant-ma-jors, ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, (hall have free ac-ccfs to fuch arms and (lores, for the purpofe of examining, cleaning, aud preferving the fame, which they are hereby required to do once at lead in every calendar month.

LXXXV 11. And be it further enaded, That one-third at lead in number of the ferjeants, corporals and drummers, in^ every regiment or battalion, (hall be conftantly refident Within the city, town, or place where the arms belonging to fuch regiment or battalion are kept, and (hall be under the command of the adjutant, who (hall ad in fuch command under the orders of the lieutenant colonel-commandant, or (in the abfence of the lieutenant-colonehcoimnandant) of the commanding officer of fuch regiment or battalion ; and that the adjutant, and (in the abfence of the adjutant) the feijeant-major (hall make a monthly return of the true date of the (eijeants, corporals, and drummers, and of the arms, accoutrements, and (lores of the regiment or battalion re-fpedively, to the governor and governors of the county, and the commanding officer of the (aid regiment or battaii-on, in default of which, on each fuch ncgled, fuch adjutant or feijeant-major (hall be fubjed to fuch puntfhment as a court-martial (hall adjudge ; and that no fevjcant, corporal, or drummer, (hall be abfent from fuch city, town, or place, without a regular furlough from the adjutant, or (in his abfence) from the feijeant-major ; and eveij (eijeant, corporal, and drummer, who (hall abfent. himfelt without fuch fur-

lough, (hall be liable to be apprehended as adeferter $ and fuch adjutant (hall never abfent himfelf from fuch dty, town,* or place, without leave of the lieutenant-colooel-oommandant, or (where there is no lieutenant-coloncbcoai- I mandant) of the commanding officer 'of fuch regisneat or battalion; provided neverthekfs, that whenever inch adjutant (hall be abfent with fuch leave as afbrdsud* then fuck

fcijeaiiti,

Digitized by v^-ooQle

The thirty-third Tear of George III*

ferjeant*, corporals, and drummers, fhall be under the command of'the ferjeant* major, or of fome feijeant who fhall be appointed by the laid adjutant, with the approbation of the (aid lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or (m the abfcnce of the lieutenant-colonel-commandant) the commanding officer, to a€fc as feijeant-major, during the abfence of fuch adjutant.

LXXXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any mAitia-man fhall nbt join in the regiment or battalion to *}°i i°.minfor. which he belongs, at the time of annual eJtercife, or fhall gnn^?xer32£ defert during the time of annual exercife, and fhall not be ap- (Meet to pu-pjrehended before the expiration of the time appointed for nimmentherein, fuch exercife ; and if the commanding officer, or the adjutant of fuch regiment or battalion, or the commanding officer of the company of fuch regiment or battalion to.which fuch offender belongs, fhall receive information of the place where he fhall be or re fide, any fuch commanding officer or adjutant, may, by writing Under his hand, defenbe the per-fon of fuch offender, and alfo certify that he did not join the regiment or battalion at the time of annual exercife, or that he deferted during the time of annual exercife, (as the cafe may be) and fend the fame by a ferjeant, corpord, or drummer of fuch regiment or battalion, to the adjutant or fer-jeant-major of the regiment or battalion of the county wherein fuch offender is fuppofed to be, or refid#, and the adjutant, or ferjefcnt-major, to whom fdch certificate fhall be fent, fhaA dire& a party of the fcijeants, corporals, or drummers of the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, to affift in apprehending fuch offender, and conveying him before a jufticc of the peace of the county wherein fuch offender (hall be apprehended ; and if by his confcflion, or the teftimony of arty witnefs ot witneffes upon oath, or the knowledge of fuch juflice, it fhall appear, or be found, that fuch perfon is guilty of fuch offence, fuch adjutant or fefjeant-major fhall order a party of the feijeantft, corporals, or drummers, under his command, to convey fuch offender to the headqumters of the regiment, or battalion of militia of the next county, in the way to the county to which fuch offender belongs, and deliver him into the cuftody of the adjutant, or feijeant-major of fuch regiment or battalion, who fhall cftufe him to be conveyed in like manner to the adjutant or feijeant-major of fuch regiment or battalion of the next county, and fo in like manner until fuch offender fhall be delivered into the cuftody of the adjutant or feijeant-nlajor of the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, who fhall take him before a juftice of the peace, to be dealt with according as this a£l dire&s, in cafes ,of militia-men defert-ing or abfenung themfehrts from their duty $ and from the

V<sl. IX.	Qjl

609

A. D.

1793-Chap. 22.

Militia-man,

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-third Tear of George I1L

time of his being fo apprehended as aforefaid, until he ts brought before focli j nil ice of the peace as aforefiid, fuch offender fhall be fubhfted at the rate of fix pence per day* by the colle&or of fuch county to which fuch regiment or battalion belongs, for which fubfi (Fence fuch colle&or fhall be allowed in his accounts ; and if any feijeant, corporal, joh drummer, fhall defert from the regiment or battalion to which he -belongs, it fhall be lawful for any conftables, or other officer of the town or place where any perfon who may be rtafonably fufpecUd to be fuch deferter fhall be found, to caufe fuch perfbu to be apprehended and taken before any fuch jufliccof the pe?ce, being in or near to fuch town or place, who is hereby empowered to examine fuch fufpeded perfon, and if by his confeffion, or the teilioiony of any \MtiK fs or witnefTcs upon oath, or by the knowledge of fneb fudiec it fhall appear or be found, that fuch fufpe&ed perfon is fuch deferter, fuch juliice fhall forthwith caafe him to be conveyed to the common gaol of the county or place where be fhall be fonnd, or to the houfe of corrc&ioo, or other public prifon, in the town or place in or near to which fuch deferter fhall be apprehended, there to remain until he fhall be demanded by fomc perfon or perfons authorized to receive him as herein after directed, and fhall tranfmit an account thereof to the clerk of the general meeting of the * county to which fuch deferter belongs, and the Iseeper of fuch gaol, houfe <f correction, or prifon, fhall receive the full fubfaitence of fuch deferter, for the maintenance of fuch deferter during the time Fie fhall continue in his cuftody, but fliall not be entitled to any fee or reward on account of his impufonment ; tmd fuch clerk of the general meetings receiving fucli account, fhall. immediately tranfmit a copy tluneof to tlve lieutcnnut-colonel-commandant, or commanding officer of the regiment or battalion of the county, and alio to tlie acQutant or other officers commanding the feijeants, corporals, and drummers of fuch regiment or battalion, and wLere there are more than one regiment or battalion, fuch clerk fhall fend fuch copy to all the Iieutenant-coloneLs-com-myndaut, or commanding officers of regiments or battalions and ;dfo to all the adjutants or officers commanding, feijeante, corporals, and drummers within his county; and the colonel, li«.;uteiuint-eolonel-co!nniandant, or commanding officer of tlic regiment or battalion to which fuch deferter fhall be found to belong, or the adjutant or officer commanding the feijeant*, corpora).;, and drummers of fuch regiment or battalion, fliall, and he is hereby required immediately on rc-Ytiviug fuch copy as aforefaid, to fend any feijcants, corporals, or drummers of the regiment or battalion, to the place where fuch deferter fhall be confined, and fhall alfb i	fend

6i€>

A. D.

^793-Chap 2 2.

Digitized 6y Geogle

The thirty third Tear of George III.

fend by fuch ferjeant, corporal, or drummer, or the feijeant commanding fuch party of ferjeants, corporals, or drummers, an order, under his hand and feal, to the keeper of the faid gaol, houfc of corre&ion, or prifon, requiring him to deliver fuch deferter to the perfon or perfons therein named, which he is hereby required to do ; and the ferjeant, corporal, or drummer, to whom fuch deferter (hall be fo ordered to be delivered, in cafe one only (hall be fent on fuch duty, (hall apply to the adjutant,or ferjeant-major of the regiment or battalion of the county where fuch de-fertcr (hall be fo confined as aforefaid ; and fuch adjutant or ferjeant-major (hall order a fufficient party of the ferjeants, Corporals, or drummers under his command, to affift in conveying fuch deferter, and he (hall be conveyed to the adjutant or ferjeant-major of the regiment or battalion to which lie belongs, in the fame manner as before dire&ed, with, re-fpe& to the conveying of private militi3-men to the adjutant or ferjeant-major of the regiment or battalion to which they (hall belong ; and fuch adjutant or ferjeant-major (hall take fuch deferter before a juft ice of the peace of the county to which he belongs, who (hall forthwith caufe him to be conveyed to the common gaol, houfe of cOrreftion, or other public prifon of fuch county, where he (hall remain without bail or mainprize, until the regimertt or battalion to which he belongs, (hall be embodied foi annual txercife, of for a&ual fervice, (which (hall firft happen) ; and thelieutc-rtant-colonel-commandant, or commanding officer of fucli re^ giment or battalion, (hall then iflue an order under his hand and feal, to the keeper of the gaol, houfe or corre&ion, or prifon where fuch deferter (hall be confined, requiring him to deliver fuch deferter to the perfon or perfons therein named, which he is hereby required, to do ; and fuch lieute-"nant-colonel-commandant, or commanding officer, is hereby empowered and .required to fummon and hold a court-martial, for the trial of fuch deferter, in fuch manner, and with the fame power and authority as (hall be given and directed by any a& of parliament which (hall then be in force, for punching mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army, and their quarters ; and if upon any fuch trial, fuch deferter (hall be found guilty, it (hall be lawful to punifh fuch deferter, in fuch manner as fuch court-martial (hall in their diferetion think lit, according to the powers and provifions of fuch a&, and of the articles of war, but fo that no fuch punilliment (hall extend to the lofs of life or limb j and all gaolers and keepers of prifons, (hall, if required fo to do, by any ferjeant, corporal, or drummer, employed in conveying any fuch militia-man, or ferjeant, corporal, or drummer, fo offending, to the regiment or batta-*	<^q	j	lion

Digitized by

Google

6i 2	The thirty-third Tear of George III.

lion to which he belongs as aforefaid, receive into their enf-tody, and confine fuch offender for fuch time as they {hall be refpe&ively fo required as aforefaid, not exceeding twenty-four hours ; and every fuch gaoter, or keeper of any prifon, who (hall refufe fo to do, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds ; and all fuch ferjearits, corpcrals, and drummers, while they are employed m executing fuch duty as aforefaid* {hall be billetted in like manner as feijeants, corporals, or drummers, belonging to his Majefty’s other forces employed in apprehending and conveying deferter* are to be billeted.

LXXXIX. And be it further enaAed, That thejuftice of the peace, before whom any deferter ffckfl be conviAed, (hall and may ifluc his warrant to the clerk of the regiment, or battalion, to which fuch deferter (hall belong* or where there it no clerk* to the commanding officer, requiring fuch clerk, or fuch commanding officer to pay out of the dock of fuch regiment or battalion* the fum of twenty (hillings* to the perfon who (hall have apprehended fuch deferter, and Aich clerk or commanding officer, is hereby authorized and required to pay the fame accordingly upon demand.

XC. And be it further enaAed, That if any perfon (hall harbour, conceal, or afliil any deferter* knowing him to be* fuch, the perfon fo offending, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence, the fum of five pounds.

XCI. And be it fucthe/ enaAed, That in aH cafes of vafian, fee. lord a£ua*

or upon imminent danger thereof, to be governors %<:**	by	proclamation	from the ford lieutenant,* or other

to embody mi- chief governor or governors* and privy council of Ireland r ktia at'dire&cd. and' in all cafes of rebellion*, or infurredion, * (hall be lawful* for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or go* veroors of this kingdom, to order and dire A the governors and lieutemmt-coionels-commandant, or commanding officers of militia, of the laid feveral counties, or on die death or removal, or in the abfence from their refpeAive counties, or any of them, then any three or more deputy-governors with all convenient fpeed, to draw out and embody all the regiments and battalions of militia, within their refpeAive counties herein before appointed to be railed and trained, or fuch parts of them as the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors (hall in his or their wifdonr judge neceffiiry* and fn fuch manner as (hall be bed adapted' to the erreum-ftanccsof die danger, and to put the faid forces under the command of fuch general officers, as the lord lieutenant or other chilf governor or governors (hall be plehfed to appoint, and to dlteA the (aid forces to be led by their refpeAive officers into any parts of this kingdom, for the repelling and prevention of any fuch invafion, and for the foppreffion of 6	any

A.

Clerk to pay sos. to perfon who apprehends a deferter.

Pfendty for harbouring a deferter 5U

In cafes of in*

J

Digitized by Google

Tbe thirty third Tear if George 111.	*

any rebellion or infurre&ion within the realm of Ireland; ami the officers, non-commiffioned officers, drummers, and private men of the feverai regiments and battalions of the militia, (hall from the time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforefaid, 'and until they fhall be returned again to their refpc&ive parifhes, or places of abode, remain under the command of fuch general officers, and during fuch time as aforefaid, all the provifions contained in any a& of parliament, which (ball then be in force for punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, fhall be ia force with refpeft to the militia, and (hall extend to all the officers, non-commiffioned officers, drummers, and private men of the militia, in all cafes whatsoever,

XCil. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That neither the whole, nor any part of the militia dire&ed by to leave Ireland, this aft to be raifed and maintained, (hall, on any account* be carried, or ordered to go out of Ireland,

XCIII. Provided always. That whenever the lord lieu* Militia of 4

tenant, or other chief governor or governors of thi*6 king- countie* to be j	«	,	,	w. . f	1 r	•	t	drawn	out,	as

dom, (hall caule the mihtia of more than four counties to be herein.

drawn out and embodied as aforefaid, if the parliament (hall ihen be feparated by adjournment; or prorogation, that will not expire within fourteen days, the lord lieutenant, o,r Other chief governor or governors may, and fhall iflue a proclamation for the meeting of the parliament within fourteen days, and the parliament (hall a&uaHy meet and fit upon fuch day at fhall be appointed by fuch proclamation, and continue to fit and a^jL in like manner to all intents and purpofes as if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the fame day.

XCLV. And be it further enabled, That the governor or Governors, governors of every county, or any of them, or on the death Sec. to whom ©r removal of fuch governor pr governors, or on his or their fuch orders di-abfence fipm the country, any three or more deputy-go- orders* &c ** vernors, to whom any fuch order as aforefaid fhall be di- * refled, fhall Lflfue his or their order to the chief or high conflables, or other officers of the feverai baronies or other divisions within their refpe&ive counties, with directions to forward the fame immediately to the conflables hr other officers of the feyeral parifhes and places within their refpec-tive baronies, and fuch conflables or other officers are hereby required, upon receipt thereof, forthwith to caufe notice in writing to be'given'to the feverai militia-men, or left at their feverai places of abode within their refpe&ivg parifhes or places to attend at the time and place mentioned in fuch order; and if any zpilitia-man fo ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforefaid* (not labouring under any infuv

mity

Militia not



* - V** •	-

Digitized by

Google

Militia officers not to fit in other court-martial, nor other officers in militia court-martial.

Whilfl regiment, &c. in a&ual fervice, commanding officer may appoint an agent, and take fecu-rity.

Collector to pay as herein.

The thirty-third Yca£ of George HI.

mity incapacitating him to ferve as a militia-man,) (hall not appear and march in purfuance of fuch order, every fuch militia-man (hall be liable to be apprehended and puniffied as a defer ter, according to the provifions of any ad which (hall be then in force for punifhing mutiny and defertion ; and if any perfon (hall harbour or conceal any militia-man when ordered out into adual ftrvice, knowing him to be a mi-litia-man, every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds,

XCV. And be it further enaded, That no officer fert-ing in the militia, (hall fit in any court-martial upon the trial of any officer or foldier, ferving in any of his Ma-jefty’s other forces;, nor (hall any officer ferving in any of his Majefty’s other forces, fit in any court-martial upoa the trial of auy officer or private man ferving in the militia.

XCVI. And be it further enaded, That where any regiment or battalion of militia (hall be drawn out into adual fervice, and during the time they (hall continue in adual fervice, the Heutcnant-colonel commaudant, or where there is no lieutenaut-colonel commandant, or in the abfence of the lieutenant-colonel commandant, the commanding officer thereof, (hall and may appoint an agent to fuch regimeut or battalion, and (hall take fecurity from fuch agent; and fuch lieutenant-colojiel-commandant, or where there is do lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or in cafe of his abfencc the commanding officer (hall be, and is hereby made fub-jed and liable to make good all deficiencies that may happen from the faid agent, or from himfelf, upon account of the pay, clothing, or public (lock of fuch regiment or battalion.

XCV1I. And be it further enaded, That when the militia of any county (hall be ordered out into adual fervice, the colledor of his Majelly’a cxcife or tevenue of fuch county or place, (hall, and is hereby required forthwith to pay to the captain or other commanding officer of every company [of militia fo ordered out, the fum of one guinea, for the ufe of every private militia-man belonging to his company, and the faid colledor (hall aifo pay to every captain or other commanding officer of a company as aforefaid, the fum of one guinea for every recruit, as early as may be, after fuch recruit fhaH have joined his company while out in adual fervice as aforefaid; fall which money fo paid by fuch colledois, (hall be allowed them in their accounts,) and the money fo received by any captain or other commanding officer, or fo much thereof as fuch captain or commanding officer (hall think proper, ffiaU be laid out in the manner he (hall think mod

advantageous

D d by

Google

The thirty-third Tear of George III.	'	615

advantageous for the refpc&ive militia-men ; and Fwcb cap- A. I> tain or commanding officer (hall, before any militia-man of 1793. his company receives his difeharge, account to fuch militia- Chap. %z* man how the faid fum of one guinea hath been applied and difpofed of, and (hall pay the remainder of the money, if any, to the*faid militia-man.

XCVI1I. Provided always, and be it further enabled, I gii»n».v per That in cafe the term of fervice of any perfon, fo ballotted man to 5ach» and enrolled for any regiment of militia, (haU be prolonged as aforefaid, beyond the term of four years, then and in ycar®, fuch cafe, the colle&or of the county ot place to which fuch militia man (hall belong, (hall, and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the captain or other commanding officer of each company refpec lively, the fum of one guinea for 'every perfon whofe term of fervice (hall be fo prolonged ; and in cafe fuch term dial! be fo prolonged for more than the like for three years, then at the expiration of three years he fhall cv^rY additional pay the like further fum of One guinea, for every perfon * >taih* whofe term (hall be prolonged, and (had in like manner at the expiration of every additional term of three year?,

•pay the like further fum of one guinea, all which money fo paid by the collector (hall be allowed him in his accounts, and the money fo received by any captain or commanding officer, or fo much threof as fuch captain or commanding officer (hall think proper, (hall be laid out in the manner he (hall think moil advantageous for cadi refpe&ive militia-man, and fuch captain or commanding officer (hall, from time to time, account to fuch militiaman how the faid fum or fums have been applied and dif-pofed of, and (hall before any fuch militia-man receives his difeharge, pay over to him the remainder of the faid money, if any fuch (hall not have been fo applied, difpofed of, and accounted for.

XCIX. And be it further ertf&ed, That from the date Pay the f;»m« of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or gover-nors warrant, for drawing the militia out into a&ual for- ment* ° °*’ vice, the officers and private men of the militia (hall be entitled to the fame pay as the officers and private men of his Majefty’s other regiments of foot receive, and no other; and if any commiffioned officer or private man of the militia (hqll be maimed or wounded in allual fervice, he (hall be equally entitled to the benefit of Kilmainham hof-pital, with any non-coramiffioned officer or private man be* longing to any of his Majefty’s other forces.

C. And be it further enaded, That when the militia, or Militia dif-any part thereof having been drawn out into a&ual fervice embodied, fub-as aforefaid, (hall be again duly difembodied, and the of-ficetg and private men thereof difmifled to return to their

fcveral



Digitized by

Google

6i6

The thirty-third Tear of George JJI.

Lord lieute-oam may order « a (eptrste militia, a* herein.

f

i

federal placet of abode; the officer*, non-comrotffioned officers, drummers and private men, (haH be fubjed to the fame orders, diredions and engagements only, a* they were fubjed to, under the provisions of this ad, before they were fo drawn put Into a&ual fervice.

Cl. And be it further enaded, That in all cities and fown*, which are counties within themfelyes, it (hall be law-ful for the lord lieutenant* or other chief governor or go-vernors of this kingdom, for the time being, to direft by proclamation, he or they (hall think fit, that a feparate militia (hall be arrayed and trained, within their ferenil pre-pinds and liberties, or that fuch cities and towns, and their precinds and liberties (hall be united with and made part qf the counties to which they are fcverally annexed by this ad, for the purpofes of raiftng the militia only; and that the chief magiflrate of every fuch city and town, for the firne being, (hall be governor thereof, and of the precinds and liberties thereof refpedively for the putpofesof this ad; and ip cafe where a feparate militia (^aU be arrayed and trained for any fuch citjr 6r town, and its prtcinds or liberties, that his Majefly, h<8 heir* and fucccffors, (hall appoint a commanding officer of militia for tbe fame refpedively ; and that every fuch chief magiilrate, and every fuch commanding officer refpedively, (hall have all the powers and authorities hereby given refpedively to governor? of counties, or lieutenant-colonels commandant, or commanding officers of the militia of any,county for the puipofts of this ad; and that in cafe any fuch city or town, and its precinds and liberties, (hall be fo direded to be made part of any county,

■ then the number of the captains, lieutenants and enfigns, to be appointed for the fame, (hairbe proportionable to the number of militia-men, which fuch city or town (hall raite as their quota, towards the militia of the county to which fuch city or town (hall be united, for the purpofes afore-faid; and all 'powers and provifions made by this ad, with refped to counties at large, and the militia thereof, and tbe regiftering herein direded of the qualification of the deputy-governors and officers (hall take place, and be in force with refped to the faid cities and towns, and the militia thereof, and the regilltring of the faid qualifications, the refpedivc value whereof as to the cities of Dublin and Cork, (hall be as follows; that is to fay, every deputy-goyemor (hall be feized or pofiefTed either in law or equity, for his own ule and benefit in pofieffion of a real or freehold eftate, or for the life of his wife, (he having a real or freehold eftate for her life, or for fome greater term, or (hall be poffeffcd of a term of years, whereof twenty years (hall be unexpired, of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds in this

kingdom.

JDigitized by

Qoegtev-—

Yhe thirty-third Tear of George'MI.

kingdom, or (hall be poffefled of a perfonal eftate alone, or A- D.

feized and poffefled of real and perfonal eftate together, of 1793-

the value of three thoufand pounds ; and every lieutenant- Ghajyj*.

colonel-commandant, or commanding officer of the militia

of the faid ciiies of Dublin and -Cork refpe&ively, (hall be

feized or poflefled in like manner, of a like eftate of the

yearly value of one thou (and pounds, or (hall be poffefled

pf a perfonal eftate alone, or fcized and poffefled of real and

perfonal eftate together, of the valu^ of ten thonftuid pounds j

and every Keutenaot-cplonel of the militia of the faid cities,

/hall in like manner he feized or p ode (Ted of a like eftate, of the yearly value of fix hundred pounds, or (hall be poffefled pf a perfonal eftate alone, or feized and poffefled of real and . perfonal eftate together, of the value of (ivc thoufand pounds; and eyery major thereof, (hail in like manner be feized or poffefled of a like eftate, of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, or (hall be poffefled of a perfonal .eftate, or feized and poffefled of real freehold and perfonal eftate together, of the value of three thoufand pounds; and /every captain thereof, (hall in like manner be feized or pof-feffed of a like eftate of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, or (hall be poffefled of £ perfonal eftate, or feized and poffefled of real freehold and perfonal eftate together, of the value of one thoufand five hundred pounds; and every lieutenant thereof, (hall in like manner be feized or poffef-fed of a like eftate, of the yearly value of twenty-five pounds, or (hall be poffefled of a perfonal eftate, or feized and pof-feffed of real freehold and perfonal eftate together, of the lalue of feven hundred and fifty pounds; and every enfign thereof, (hall in like manner, be feized or poffefled of alike eftate, of the yearly value of ten pounds, or (hall be pofi. feffed of a perfonal eftate, or feized aqd poffefled of reaj freehold and perfonal eftate together, of the yalue of four hundred pounds; and as to the cities of Limerick, Waterford, and the county of the town of Drogheda, every deputy-governor thereof refpeftively, and every office*- of the tnilkia thereof refpeilively, (hall in like manner be feized and poffefled of a like qualification to half of the amount and value herein before dirked, refpe&ing the deputy-governors and officers of the militia irefpe&ively, of the faid cities of Dublin and Cork-

CIT. And whereps it may happen through neglect or 'Governor, etherwife, that in fome counties the militia may not be raifr &c to tran&nit ed according to the dire&ions of this a£f, and it is juft and accounts as reafonable that all his MajeftyV fubje&s fhould contribute hcrcin* equally towards the expence of raffing and fupporting a militia, for the defence of the kingdom; be it therefore further ena&cd, That the governor or governors! or the major*!

Si. * year to be paid for every nun of number appointed not railed.

No officer of militia to nay part of fuch fine*.

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

jority of them, where there are more than one, or any three deputy-governors of every county, where the militia (hall be raifed, according to the dire&ions of this a£t, (hall on or before the twenty-fifth day of December in every year, transmit a certificate to the clerk of the peace, containing an account of the names, numbers, and rank 6f the officers, and the number of private men of the militia in that year, and the time during which fuch militia hath been trained and exercifed, and every fuch clerk of the peace fhall deliver fuch certificate to the juftices of the peace, at the general quarter-fcfiions, to be held next after the twenty-fifth day of December in every year, or the day on which fuch feffion (hall be opened, and the fame (hall be filed amongft the records of fuch feffion ; but where no fuch certificate (hall be received by the clerk of the peace as aforefaid, be (hall certify the fame under his hand and feal to the juftices (o aflenphled; and fuch certificate of the fai£ clerk of the peace, (hall be filed by him amongft the records of fuch leffion.

. CIII. And be it further enaCted, That if it (hall happen in any cafe that the number of militia-men appointed, or to be appointed by virtue of this a&, to be raifed in any county, or county of a city, or county of a town, (hall not be raifed in fuch county, then, and in every fuch cafe, the county, or county of a city, or county of a town, in which fuch number of militia-men (hall not be raifed, (hall be charged with the payment of the yearly fum of five pounds, for and in lieu of every private militia-man, by this a€t directed to be raifed within the fame county; and upon prow on oath being firft laid by any one or more governor or drpu-ty-governor8 of fuch deficiency, before the judges of affize, or ui the county or city of Dublin, before the court of king’s bench, it (hall be lawful for foch judge of affize, and fuch court, and they are hereby refpe&ivcly required to fine the county, county of a town, or county of a city, or fuch dif-tri&s, baronies, or parifhes thereof, in which fuch negkd (hall happen, in a fum after the rate of five pounds for every private man fo deficient, and to repeat the faid fine annually, fo long as the faid deficiency (hall continue \ which fire or fines (hall be eftreated into his Majefty’s exchequer, ari iffiied in procefs, and (hall be duly levied by the uieTiffi or other officers rcfpe&ively, to whom fuch procefs (hall be directed ; and it (hall not be lawfal for the barons of the exchequer or comirriffioneis of reducenaent, on any account to take off, releafe. or reduce fuch fine or fines, or any pans thereof.

CIV. Provided always, That no perfon refiding, or having an eftate within any fuch county, county of a city* or

county

JDigitized by Google.-.J

The thirty-third Tear of George ill.

county of a town, or any part thereof, that (hall be fo fined, who ihah be ferving as an officer in any body of militia raifed within this kingdom, (hall be liable to, pay any part or fiiare of fuch fine or fines, or the rate or afleflment to be made thereof as aforefaid, provided fuch peifon fhall have delivered a certificate of fuch fervice to the treafurer, for the county or place wherein he fhall claim fuch exemption, and alio a roll or lift of his lands, and of his tenants, and the places of their abode ; which certificate and roll, or lift, (hall be figned by fuch perfon ; and every fuch treafurer fhall, forthwith file fuch certificate, roll, and lift among the records of the county ; and whenever the faid rate or afTefTmtnt fhall be ordered to be raifed within fuch county or place, fuch treafurer fhall certify to the high or chief conftable of eveiy barony or place, where fuch fine or fines, or any part thereof fhall be affcfTed, the names of all perfons whofe certificates fhall have been fo filed, and who fhall have claimed fuch exemption as aforefaid, and the names of their tenants fo inferted in fuch roll or lift ; and fuch high or chief con-flables are hereby required to tranfmit fuch certificate and roll, or lift, to the petty conftable of every barony or place, wherein the lands, tenements, or hereditaments of fuch perfon claiming to be exempted, are fituate, in order that the fame may not be afTefTed or charged with fuch rate or af-fefTment.

CV. And be it further enaded, That all fuch fines when levied, {hall be paid into the exchequer, and fhall be kept feparatc and apart from all other money, and fhall be accounted for yeaily to parliament, and difpofed of as parliament fhall diredf, and no fee or gratuity whatfoever fhall be given or paid to any officer of the exchequer for or on account of receiving or iffuing any fuch money.

CVI. And be it further ena&ed, That the lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or commanding officer of every regiment -or .battalion of militia, to be raifed by virtue of this a£, as foon as every fuch regiment or battalion fhall be fully completed, and fit for fervice, fhall certify the fame to the clerk of the peace for every county or place, who fhall, and he is hereby required on receipt of every fuch certificate, forthwith to tranfmit a true copy thereof to the chief fecrctary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being ; and the clerk of the peace for every county or place fhall, and he is alfo hereby required, within fourteen days next after the general quarter-feffion of the peace, to be held next after the twenty-fifth day of December yearly, to tranfmit to the' chief fecre-tary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, a copy figned

by

F qes td be

paid into Exchequer.

When regiment or nattali-on complete, commanding officerto certify to clerk of peace, who fhall tranfmit a copy to chief fee..

^ gitized by

Google

6*0

Clerk of peace fiegk&ing to do ps aforefaid, (Kail forfeit

Militiamen, ▼ho have vote*, (hall have leave to go to election!.

No ferjeant, &c obliged to ferve a§ pai »fh or peace officer.

Evety married man who has fervedin the Militia, may fet up any trade in any town, ficc.

The thirty-third Tear of George f II.

by fuch clerk of the peace, of every certificate which he ffiaB have received from the governor or governor!, or any deputy-governor or governors, or lieutenanteolonel-commandant, or commanding officer of the militia of fuch county or place as aforefaid ; and where fuch certificate (hall be omitted to be delivered, the clerk of the peace (hall certify fact omiffioo to fitch chief Xecretaiy.

CVII. And be it further enafted, That if any -clerk of the peace (hall refufe, or wilfully negleft to receive, deliver, file, make record* or tranfmit any fuch certificate as afoot* laid, according to the directions and true meaning of this aft, every fuch clerk of the peace fo offending, (hafl for every fuch offence Jbrfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, and (hall alfo forfeit his office, and be rendered ib-capable of having, received, or holding any office of txufl, civil or military, under the crown, and if any collcftor of his Majefty's revenue, treafurer, chief or high gonftable, pctty-coniUble, or other officer, who ought to aft and afiift 4n the raifing and collecting of the faid money, fhall wilfully omit or negleft, or refufe to aid and affift them, according to the direction and true meaning of this aft, every fuch coUeftor fo offending, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds ; and every fuch chief pr high con ft able fo offending, (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fuin of fifty pounds ; aod every fuefc petty-conftable and other officer fo offending, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of thirty pounds.

CVIIL Provided always, and be it enafted, That every officer pf the militia, or private militia-man, having voice pr vote £t any eleftion, for any member or members to ferve in parliament, (hall, if he or they (hall require, have leave for a reafonabie time, to be exprdTed in fuch leave, to go to fuch eleftion, and no fuch officer or private, (hall be liable to any penalty or punilhment, for or on account of hfi abfence, during the time he (ball be going to vote at any eleftion of a member to ferye in parbament, or during the time he (hall be returning from faid eleftion.

CIX. And be it further enafted. That no feijeani, corporal, or drummer of the militia, nor any private man from the time of his inrollment, until he (hall be regularly dif* charged from the militia, (hall be compelled to ferve ss a peace officer, or parifh officer, or to ferve in any of t his Ms* jetty’s fea forces.

CX. And be it further enafted, That every perion having ferved in the militia, when drawn opt into aftual fa-vice, being a married man, may frt up and ejtcrdfe any trade in any town or place within tfiil kingdopn, without

any

t

^Digitized by

Go< - gk

/ Git

x	The	thirty-third Tear of George lit.

any let, fuit* or m(deflation, of, or from any perfon or per- A. D-fons whomsoever, for or by reafon of exercifing, or ufing* ^93.

'aYiy trade, as freely, and with the feme provifion, and under Chap, it* the feme regulations as any inhabitants of fuch place might or could do.

CXI. And* be ft further enabled. That all fines, except tftoes. Sec. fines impofed on any counties for any deficiency in raffing except for defi. men to ierve in the militia, penalties and forfeitures by this tic^wiichex^ aft impofed, which fhall exceed the fum of twenty pounds* ccej aoi. to b* (hall be recovered by aftion- of debt, plaint, or information* recovered by in any of his Majefty’s coarts of record at Dublin* wherein *&ionr no effoign, privilege, proteftion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhafl be allowed, and that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures* by this aft impofed* which fhall not exceed the fum, of twenty pound’s, (hall, upon proof upon oath of the offence, before any jullice of the peace of the county where the offence (hall be committed, be levied by diftrefeand faleof the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under th^ hand-and feal of fuch jullice, rendering the overplus (if any)* on demand, after dedufting the charge of fiich'diflrefs and fele, to the perfon whofe goods and chattels fhall have been io diftrained and fold, and for want of fuch diftrefs, fuch jullice is hereby required, in all cafes where no particular time of commitment is herein before di-refted, to commit fuch offender to the common gaol of the county where the offence fliali have been committed, for any time not exceeding three months ; and the moiiey arifing by all fuch fines, penalties and forfeitures, the applicatipn whereof is not otherwise direfted* by this aft, fhall be paid to the clerics', or where there are no clerks, to the commanding officers of the refpeftive regiments or battalions of militia . of the refpeftive counties where fuch offences fhall have teen refpcftivdy committed, and fhall be made part of the v capital flock of luch regiments or battalions of militia refpec-tively.

CXIf. And be it further enafted, That no order or con- Order* made viftion, made By atay governor or governors of any county, by governor*, or by any deputy-governor or governors, or by any jullice &c notj° bo or iuflices of the peace by virtue of this aft, fhall be remov-	ctr-

cd by certiorari or other writ or procefs, out of the county, 1 city, or place wherein fuch order or eonviftion was made, into any of his Majefly’s fuperior courts of record in Dublin, and that no writ of certiorari, or other writ fhall fuperfede execution, or other proceedings upon any fuch order or corv-viftion, fo made in purfuance of this aft, but that execution fhall be made thereupon, any fuch writ or writs, or allowance thereof notwithstanding,

CXIII. And

Digitized by

A&ions, $tc. for matters done wider this a& to be commenced wi|hm 6 months, as hereto.

CXTlI. And be it further ena&ed, That if anya&ioa fhall be brought againfl any perfon or peifdrrs, for any thing done in purfuitnee of this a£l, fudh a&ion or fuit fhaH be commenced within fix months next after the faft committed, and not afterwards ; and {hall be laid in the county or dace where the caufe of complaint did arife, and not dfewncre, and the defendant or defendants in every fuch a&ion or fuit, mav plead the general iffbe, and ^ive this a & and the fpe-cial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and in any a&ion or fuit, if the plaintiff of plaintiffs (hall be non-fuited or difeontinue his or their a&ion or fuit, after the defendant or defendants (hall have Sheared, of if upon demurrer, judgment fhall be given againfl the plamfm or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fatfie, as any defendant hath in other cafes to recover colls by law.

CXlV. Provided always, That it fhall be lawful for the lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or commanding officer of any regiment of battalion of rnOitia, to be appointed purfu-ant to thisadl, to refign his commiffion of lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or commanding officer of amy fuch regiment or battalion, to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, and thereupon it fhall be law*ful for fuch lord lieutenant dr other chief governor or chief governors, to appoint fuch other fit and qualified perfori or perfons as he or they fhafl think proper, to be lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or lieutenant-co-lonels-commandanf, commanding officer, or commanding of-\	ficers,	in the lieu and place of fuch lieutenant-colonel-com-

mandant, or lieutenant-colonels-commandnnt, commanding officer, or commanding officers fo resigning as aforefaM.

All former CXV. And be it further enabled aud declared, That all militia ads re- former a£ts of parliament relating to the militia of this king-pealed.	donrr,	fhall from the palling of this a6k, be, and they are

hereby repealed ; and that this a& fhall be a public ad, and fo deemed and taken in all courts of record in thh kingdom.

Commanding officer may refign his commif-fioa to lord lieu, tenant who fhall ' appoint another.

c h- a r.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

CHAP. XXIII.

An Aa for the Encouragement of Seamen and Marines employed in the Royal Navy, by rendering it more eajy to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commiffoncd Officers of Marines, and Marines, to remit their Wages to this Kingdom f and by providing for the Payment in this Kingdom, of Wages due to deceafed Officers, Seamen and Marines, as aforefaid.

WHEREAS by an aft patted by the Parliament of Great Britain, in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his Majefty King George the third, entitled, An Aa for extending certain ads therein mentioned, to petty officers and fea-men, non-commifftoned officers of marines, and marines, ferving, or 'who may have ferved on board any of his MajeJly*s Jhips, and rejiding in Ireland, provifion was thereby made for efta-blilhing a regular method for the punftual, frequent, and certain payment of the wages of petty officers and Teamen; non-commiffioned officers of marines, and marines ferving, or who may have ferved on board any of his Majefty *s ftiips of war, and for enabling them more readily and eafily to remit the fame to this kingdom, for the fupport of their wives and families, and for eftabliflhing a more regular and convenient method for the out-penfioners of Greenwich hofpital to receive their penfions, we being fenfible of the falutary provifions in the aforefaid aft contained, and being defirous to contribute their aid for the more effeftually carrying into execution the beneficent purpofes thereof, and to encourage feamen and marines of this kingdom, employed in the royal navy ; be it therefore enafted bj the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aftemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That whenever and fo often as the commiflioners of the navy in Great Britain, (hall make out, or caufe to be made out two certificates, which (KaH be duplicates, and joined together with oblique lines, ftourifhes or devices, and which fhaft fpe-cify and deferibe the name and place of abode, of the wife, father or mother, grand-father, grand-mother, brotlier or lifter, of any inferior officer or feaman, non-committtoned officer of marines, or marine ferving in any (hip or vc 111*1 be-longingto his Majefty, which (hall not be in any port in Great Britain, or on the coaft thereof, and ftfaH ceftify that fuch wife, father, or mother, grand-father, or grand-mother, brother or fitter relpeftively, is entitled to receive fo

much

6*5

A. D.

Recital Eng-aft, 3* Geo. HI.

wiv«, &c. of feamen or marines, entitled to receive pay, and fi^n the form following :

-- -?ed by jOO; - _

A. D; ffloch of the wages or pay of fuch inferior officer or (eanttm* 1793. non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, as (hail be Chap. 2 J. therein alfo fpecificd* and addrefled to the commiffioncrs of the revenae in this kingdom, and being numbered and dated, and fignedby any thtee or more commiffioncrs of the navy, and writtetf or printed according to the form following, ot to the like effeft.

tHorn* etrti.	Navy-office,	the

We certify that B. D. of in the county of

Aayof

£. s.

Vsifi, father, j	C inferior officer or

mother,grand- I	\feaman,	non-com-

father, grand- ^ of E. D• i rmjfioncd officer of mother, hro- v	I marines, or mother or fiffer, J	L rme,

belonging to bis Majefiyfs Jbip is entitled to the fum of

fferhng, being an account of the wager ef the faid jf. D. who bus defired that the fame may be paid by the

if the fame Jhall not be demanded in nine calendar months, this certificate ta be returned to the treafu-rer of the navy, London*

Signed

To-the commifftomers of the revenue in Ireland*

:0. P.

{Mi

cotmiffioners ef the navy.

by virtue of the aB ef

George the thirst.

IfcB*. in cer- faa £ 7*^ perfonahng or falfely affitmsng the name and ckt-ra&er of the wife or relation ef any inferior officer, feama*, mm-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, or procuring esty . .	other	to	do	the	fame, in order to receive wages due to fuch offer',

feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or mdrine, is mods felony without benefit of clergy, by an mSt pdffed in Irtkod, thirty	George	the third.

Officer to ex* The officer to whom the within bill is1 addrefied, is direded wine duplicate, by an a& pafled in Ireland, thirty-third George the third, *• herein.	to examine the duplicate thereof when prefented, and en-

quire

Digitized by

I Google

The thirty-third Tear of George III#	6lJ

quire into the truth by the oath of the perfon prefenting the A. D, fame ; and being Tatisfied he is to teftify to that purpofe up*- 1793. on the back of the bill, and pay the amount without fee	Chap. 23.

or reward but if he (hall not be able to pay the amount,	J

from not having publick money fufficient m his hands, he fhall note the caufe of hi9 refilling payment, and (hall appoint another day within one month at furtheft from that time, and (hall deliver back the bill fo noted to the perfon prefenting it ; and if upon complaint to the commiffioners it (hall appear, that the officer to whom this is addreffed, has unnecelfarily delayed payment, taken any fee, or made any dedu&ion whatfoever, he (hall be fined a fum ngt exceeding fifty pounds ; which certificates having been (o made out and figned, and cut afunder, indentwife through the oblique lines, flourilhes or devices, and one of fuch certificates having been tranfmitted to the perfon nominated and fpecifi£d therein, as the wife, father or mother, grandfather or grand-mother, brother, or filler, of fuch inferior officer or feaman, non-commiflioned officer of marines, or marine, and the other qf fuch certificates to the commiffi-oners of his Majefly’s revenue in this kingdom, then and fo often the faid commiflioncrs of the revenue (hall caufe the ceitificate fo tranfmitted to them, to be forthwith fent to the colle&OT, fpecified in the body thereof, or to the col-ledlor of the diftri& in which the perfon named in fuch certificate refides ; and upon the duplicate of fuch certificate being produced and delivered to fuch collc£lor, by the perfon named in fuch certificate as the perfon entitled to receive the money therein mentioned, within nine months from the date thereof, together with a certificate under the hands of the minifter and church-wardens of the parilh wherein fuch perfon was married or refides, that he or (he to the bed of their knowledge and belief, is the wife, father, or mother, grand-father, or grand.mother, brother, or filler, of the faid inferior officer, or feaman, non-com-xniffioned officer of marines, or marine ; and thereupon fuch colle&or (hall examine fuch duplicate, together with the certificate to be produced as aforefaid, and enquire into the truth thereof, by the oath of the perfon producing the fame, which oath fuch perfon is hereby empowered and dire&edjto adminifter, and upon being duly fatisfied of the truth there-o& (hall immediately, without fetf or reward, upon any pretence whatfoever, pay to the perfon fpecified in the certificate the fum mentioned therein, in EuglHh currency, taking his or her receipt on the back thereof, for the fame; but in cafe the duplicate of fuch remittance certificate (hall not be produced and delivered, and the payment of the money mentioned therein, demanded within nine calendar months from Vol. IX.	Rr	the

Digitized by

Google

6z6

A. i>.

*793f Chap, zj.

Seamen, ftc. may remit wape»,

as herein.

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

the date thereof, or if a proper certificate of the perfoa claiming to be the wife, father or mother, grand-father, or grand-mother brother or filler, of fuch officer or feaman, be not likewise produced, then fuch collector fhall tranfmit fuch remittance certificate to the faid comraiffioners of the revenue, who /hall caufe the fame to be returned to the treafurer of the navy, at the pay-office of the navy, London.

II* And for the better enabling inferior officers and fea-mcn, and non-comraiffioned officers of marines, and marines, who fhall be paid at the pay-office of the navy, or any out-port in Great-Britain, to remit any part of their wages or pay, or other allowance to any perfon in this kingdom ; whenever and fo often as any commiffioner or consmiffioners of the navy in Great Britain, fhall make out, or caufe to be made out, two certificates, being duplicates, and joined together with oblique lines or flourifhes, numbered and dated, and figned, if made out at the pay-office of the navy in London, by the commiffioner of the navy comptrolling the payment when fuch certificate fhall be fo made out, or, if made out at any of the out ports, by the commiffioner of the navy comptrolling fuch payment there, and attefled at the foot thereof by the firfl clerk of the treafurer of the navy*, at fuch pay-office or out-port, and fpecifying and deferibing the name and place of abode of fuch perfon or perfons in whofe favour they fhall kave been made out, and certifying that fuch perfon or perfons is, or are entitled to receive the whole amount, or fo much of the wages, pay or other allowances of fuch inferior officer or feaman, non-commiflioned officer of marines, or marine, as fhall be therein alfo fpecified, and addreffed to the commiifioners of the revenue in this kingdom, and written or printed accord ihg to the form following, or to the like

cfLa.

No.

day of

certify, that B. D. of is entitled to the fum of Jlerl'tng, bang on account of the wages of E. D. belonging to his Majfly'sJkip who has defired that the fame may be be paid by the	if	the	fame

fhall not be demanded in nine calendar months, this certificate to be returned to the treafurer of the Havy London.

thefe are to

j. </-

T*

Digitized by LjOOQle

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

To the commiffioners of the revenue of IrelandL

Signed

Attejlcd

commjjtoner of the navy.

cleri of the treafurer of the navy.

By virtue of the ad of	George	the third’

N. B. The perfonating or filfely affumihg the name and tharader of any perfon entitled to receive the wages of any inferior officer or featnan, non-commijjioned officer of marines, or marine, or procuring any other to do the fame, in order to receive wages due to fitch officer or fcaman9 non commijfioned officer of marines, or marine, is made felony without benefit if clergy, by an ad pafl in Irelahd9	George

the third.

The officer to whom the within bill is addrefled, is direfted by a& palled in Ireland, thirty-third George the third, to examine the duplicate thereof when prefented, and inquire into the truth by the oath of the perfon prefentir.g the fame, and being fatisfied he is to tellify to that purpofe up m the back of the bill, and pay the amount without fee or reward ; but if he lhall not be able to pay the amount, from :.ot having public money fufficient in his hands, he lhall note the caule of his refufing payment, and lhall appoint another day witfuH one month at furthell from that time, and lhall deliver back the bill fo noted to the perfon prefenting it ; and if upon complaint to the commiffioners it lhall appear, that the officer to whom this is addrelfed has unneceffarily delayed payment, taken any fee, or made any dedu&ion whatfo-ever, he (hall be fined a fum not exceeding fifty pounds ; be it enacted by the authority aforefafd, That as foon as the aforefaid certificate lhall be fo made out and figned, and the faid commiffioners of the navy having caufed the fame to be Cut afunder, intdentwife through the oblique lines, flourilhes, or devices, and one duplicate of fuch certificate having been transmitted to the perfon fpecified therein, and the other duplicate of fuch certificate transmitted to the commiffioners of the revenue in this kingdom* then and fo often the faid commiffioners lhall caufe the certificate fo tranfmitted to them, to be forthwith fent to the collector fpecified in the body thereof, or to the colle&or of the diilrift in which the R r 2	9	perfon

627 A. D.

N B In cer* tificatc.

Officer to examine duplicate, &c.

Digitized by v^ooqIc

6a8

The therty-llnrd Tear of Georgp III.

A. D. perfon named In fuch certificate refides; and upon the da* 1793. plicate of fuch certificate being produced and delivered to Chap* 23, fuch coMe£lor, by the perfon named in fiich certificate, at being entitled to receive the money therein mentioned, within nine calendar months from the dkte thereof, fuch colle^or fhall examine fucH duplicate, and inqufre into the troth thereof, by the oath of the perfon producing the fame, which oath fuch colle&or is hereby empowered and directed to ad-minifter; and being duly fatisfied of the truth thereof, he (hall immediately, without fee or reward, upon any pretence whatfoever, pay to the perfon fpecified in fuch certificate the fum mentioned therein, taking his or her receipt on the back of fuch: certificate for the fame ; and-in cafe the duplicate of fuch certificate (hall not be produced and deli venal, and the payment thereof demanded* within pine calendar months from the date thereof, then fuch collector (hall tranfmit fuch certificate to the faidrcommilfibners of the revenue, who (hall caufe the fame to be returned to the treafurer of the navy, at the pay-office of the navy in London.

III.	And to enable fuch feamen being refident in this fioners in	kingdom, to receive out-penfions granted to them by the

tkU kingdom eommiffioners or governors of the royal-hofpital for feamen, to receive out- at Greenwich, in themoft eafy and convenient manner, and peufiona, &c. for preventing frauds and abufes attending the fame, that whenever and fo often a9 the treafurer of the laid bofpital for the time being, (hall make out, or caufe to be made out, two certificates for every fuch out-penfion granted bj the faid commiffioners or governors to feamen refiding in this kingdom, which (hall be duplicates, and joined together with oblique lines, flourilhes or devices, and numbered and dated, and figned by the faid treafurer or liis firft clerk, and attelled by the fteward or clerk of the check of the faid bofpital, and addrefied to the commiffioners of the revenue in this kingdom, and written or printed according to the form following, •r to the like effeft*

AV

Digitized by L.ooQle

No.

T^e thirty j/nrd Tear of George 111.

'£•

Royal-hofpita\ Grccnwxb

iay »f

I certify , that B. D. of

tn the county of	being	an	out-fen/ioner

of Greenwich hofpital, is entitled to the fum of fierling, and that he has deftred the fame tote paid by the

. To the qcmmijf oners of the,revenue of Ireland.

Signed | x B. |	A‘	r0yal	or	hhfrfi

AttejledJ C.	dX^'T'^VV

r J	i	bqfptlal	at	\rreenwich.

By virtue of the aS cf ihe third.	1

weorge

N. B. This certificate, if payment in confeqnence thereof be not demanded in nine calendar months from the date hereof to	*n wr"

be returned to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpilal. The per- ' fanating or falfely affuming the name and charaSer of any out-penfioner of Greenwich hofpitaly in order fraudulently to receive the penfion due to fuck peifioncr, is made felony without benefit of clergy* hy an a3 paffed in Ireland, thirty-third of Gforge the third.

The officer td whom the ^ithin bill is addrefled, is dire&ed

by a61 pafled in Ireland, thirty-third George the third, to	*<?-***•

examine the duplicate tnereot when prtf^nted, and inquiry ^J.nc UP icatc»

into the truth by the oath of the perfon presenting the fame,

and being fatisfied he istp teftify to that pnrpole upon the

back of thebiH, and pay the amonm without Fee dr reward;

but if he (hall not be able to pay the amount, from not

having pubhek money fufficient in his hands, he (hall note

the caufe of his refufing payment, and (hall appoint another

day, within one month at furtheft from that time, and (hall

deliver back the bill fo noted to the perfon prefenting it;

and if upon complaint to the commiffioners, it ihall appear,

that

Digitized by

Google

A. D.

*79 3 Chap 23.

Seamen, &*c. turned over, to have ticket* of form herein directed.

The thirty-third Tear 0/ George Ilf.

that the officer to whom this is addrefied, has unnecefTaritf delayed payment, taken any fee, or made any dedudiou whatsoever, he (hall be fined a fum not exceeding fifty pounds ; be it enaded, That fuch certificate having been fo made out, figned and attefted as aforefaid* and cut afunder indentwife through the oblique lines, flourifhes or devices ; and one of fuch certificates having been tranfmitted to the perfon named therein, and the other of fuch ceriificatts having been tranfmitted to the commiflioners of his Mijeity’s revenue in this kingdom, then and fo often the fin'd cot> miffioners of his Majefly’s revenue (hall caufe the certificate fo tranfmitted to them to be forthwith fent to the colic dor Specified in the body thereof, or to the colledor of the dif-trid in which the perfon named in fuch certificate refides; and upon the duplicate of fuch certificate being produced and delivered to fuch colledor, by the perfon entitled to receive the money therein mentioned, within nine calendar months from the date thereof, fuch colledor (hall examine fuch duplicate, and inquire into the truth thereof, by the oath of the perfon producing the fame, which oath fuch colledor is hereby empowered and direded to adminiiler, and being duly Satisfied of the truth thereof, he (hall irn-mediately, without fee or reward, on any pretence whatsoever, pay to the perfon Specified in fuch certificate the Sum mentioned therein, taking his receipt on the back thereof for the fame 5 and in cafe the duplicate of fuch certificate (hall not be produced and delivered, and the payment of the money therein mentioned, be not demanded w'ithin nine calendar months from the date thereof then fuch colledor (tall tranfmit fuch certificate to the Said commit (loners of the revenue, who (hall caufe the fame to be returned to the treafurer of the faid hofpital, at Greenwich .

IV.	And when and fo often as any petty officer or Teaman, non-commiffiondd officer of marines, or marine, belonging to any (hip or vefltl in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, (hall have been turned over into any, other (hip or veffel in fuch fervice, or (hall have been difi charged as unfervic able, or (hall have been fent fick from fuch (hip or veffcli into any of his. Majefly’a hofpital*, qc lick quarters, at home or abroad, and when and fo often as fuch petty officer or feagyan, noi^-comnuffioned officer of marines, or marine, (hall have received from the captain or commanding ofijeer of fiich (hip op veflel, a ticket or tickets for the wages or pay due to hhnfer his Services, on board fuch (hijj or yeflel, gt tfte time of hi* bpgg Sp turned over, discharged, or, fpnp fick, and which ti^t* (hall co&»

Digitized by

Google

The tlirtythird Tear of George III.	631

lift of two parts, which fliall be duplicates, and joined to* &• D. gedicr by oblique lines, flouriihea and devices, and each of 1793. which (hall fpecifythe name and age, ftature and complexion Chap, 23. of fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiflioned officer of marines, or marine, and the date of his entry into fuch fhip or veffel, and the date of his being fo turned over, difeharged as unserviceable, or fent fick from the feme; and which fliall be of the form following, or 16 the lie effect i

Sink

Digitized by LjOOQle

f Sick ticket

< Unferviceable ticket, or

I Foreign removed ticket, [not faleable of transferable ]

Teaman, aged	,

feet	inches high, of a

complexion, entered on board his Majefty’a on the	day	of	17	,

and ferved until this day of 17	,

in the quality of	,	at	which	time

he was	to

No. on the Ships book.

( )

No. on the Entry. Book.

( )

Bel of Par liament 32

33

Abatements to be made for marine neceflaries.

Venereal?,

Negled,

Clothes in Tick quarters, Navy (lop clothes,

Dead men’s clothes,

Beds,

Tobacco,

Wages remitted from abroad, Two months advance

Amounting to

(hillings and' Given under our hands Captain.

Puiter.

r

pounds

pence.

Mailer.

Boatfwain.

f Sick ticket < Unserviceable ticket, or

L Foreign removed ticket [not falcable or transferable.]

feamen, aged	9

No. on the	feet,	inches	high, of a

Ships book, complexion, entered on board his Majefty'a on the	day	of	17	,

(	)	and	ferved until thip day of 17 t

in the quality of	,	at	which	time

he was	to

$

No. on the Entry book.

( )

A 61 of Parliament 32 G.3.C.33.

Abatement to be made for marine neceflaries.

Venereals,

Neglcft,

Clothes in Tick quarters.

Navy flop clothes.

Dead men's clothes,

Beds,	-	-	1

Tobacco,

Wages remitted from abroad, * Two months advance

{£•



£

Amounting to

(hillings arid Given under our hands Captain P indie r.

,pounds pence.

Mailer. Boat twain.

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

“ If* the perfon in frhofe favour this ticket is'made dut,' (hall be fent' Tick to any TF the patty who (hall be diSfeharged hofpital or Tick quarters, at home or abroad, and (hall afterwards return to his unferviceable, be turned oyer to any other (hip, he (hall leave this ticket with the agent of fuch hofpital, or Tick quarters :	(hip in the Tervice of his Majcfty, or be

If he (hall be fent from fuch hofpital, or fick quarters, to ferve in any other (hip, fent fick, and do not return to his fhip, he (hall carry this ticket with him, which (hall not be payable until the (hip on • the captain or commanding officer is to board of which he goes (hall come in courfe of payment, or until he (hall be dif- fend this duplicate to the commiffioners charged therefrom: If he (hall be’ removed from one (hip to another abroad, he of the nary, London, by the firft fafe (hall deliver it when he arrives in England, to the commiffioners of navy, in^Lon- opportunity thereafter, or any captain or don, or to the commiffioner of the navy redding at Portfmouth, Plymouth, or ■ commanding officer, who (hall have this Chatham, who (hall caufe payment to be made as foon as may be, at which ever of duplicate in his poffeffion, upon his ar-thefe places it (hall be delivered : If he (hall be in any way difeharged unferviceable, rival in England, is immediately to for-he may receive payment in the fame manner at any of the fe places; or if being ward it to* the commiffioners of the navy, fo difeharged unferviceable, he (hall be, or arrive at any other port or place in .London.

Great Britain, or Ireland, and (hall be defirous to receive payment at fuch place, of this or any other ticket-which he may have, he 0.all apply to the neareft collector of the cuftoms, or excife, and (hall deliver to him fuch ticket^, together with a certificate of his having received no wages for his fervices during his paf-fage, if he (hall have come home in a packet or merchantman ; and the faid collector of the cuftoms, or which ever of the above revenue officers he (hall apply to, (hall tranfmit the fame to *hc commiffioners of the navy in London, who will forward a bill for the amount of the wages, to^be immediately paid to the perfon ' * entitled to them; and the faid revenue officer (hall alfo tranfmit fuch perfori’s ad-drefs, who mu ft be identified to him by the mailer of the faid packet, or merchantman, or by fome other perfon of gbod repute.

N. B. The perfonating, or falfely afTuming the name and character of any petty officer, feaman, or mariner, or proctr-ing any other to do the fame, in order to receive any pay, or wages due, or fuppofed to •be due, k made felony without benefit of clergy, by aft 33 Geo. 3* And if the perfon in whole favour this ticket is made out, (hall die before he receives payment, it is to be returned, together with any other tickets he may have in his poffeffion, to the commiffioners of the & navy, London.	Be

The thirfy-ihird Year of Geotgt IIK

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

A. D.

•793-Chap- 23.

Seamen, Sec. «Ekhirged as snferviceablc regirbted as heicin.

Be it enacted, That as Toon as any fuch petty officer, or feaman, non-cotomiffiontd officer of marines, or marine, who (hall have been in any way difeharged, unferriceabZe as aforefaid, fhall be, or arrive in this kingdom, and (hall apply and prefent to any colle&or of his Majefty’s revenue in thi kingdom, that part of any ticket or tickets, which fhall have been delivered to him in manner aforefaid, together with an hofpital certificate or difeharge, on the back thereof, in cafe he (hall have been fent fick to any hofpital, or lick quarters ; and a certificate from the commander of any packet, or trading fhip or vcflel, if he (hall have fo arrived in any port in this kingdom, teflifying that he has not received any wages, payT or other confideration, for any fer-vice performed by him while oa board the fame, together with another certificate from the mailer, or commander of of tlje vefTel in which he fhall have fo arrived, or by Tome reputable inhabitant of the place where fuch colledor re-fidcs, and who fhall be known to him, fetting forth that fie knows fuch petty officer or feaman, non>commiffioaed officer of marines, or marine, and believes him to be the party entitled to hold the tickets and certificates which he fhall fo deliver ; and eveiy fuch colle&or of the revenue, to whom any fuch petty officer, or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall fo apply, k hereby di-re6led «yid required to demand and take his addrefs, and to receive fuch tickets and certificates t and fuch colle&or being fatisfied with regard to the identity of fuch petty officer, or feaman, non-commrffioned officer of marines, or marine, (hall grant an acknowledgment or receipt to him for fuch tickets ?nd certificates as he fhall fo deliver $ and fhall immediately tranfmit the fame, together with the certificate, and the party’s addrefs, taken by him as before dire£Ud, to the commiffioner3 of the revenue in this kingdom, who fhall tranfmit the fame to the commiffionera of his Majefty’s navy, at their board in London ; and if fuch commiffioners of the navy fhall make, or caufe to be made out a remittance certificate for the net balance due upon fuch tickets and fuch certificates, or upon the (hips books, if the fhip or (hips fhall have been paid for the fame, and Thall affign and attefl the feme in manner herein before mentioned, is cafes of foreign remittances, and fhall tranfmit one of the duplicates of the faid remittance certificates to the perfons named and fpecified therein, as the perfon entitled to receive the money thereby mafie payable, .and the other duplicate to the commifiioners of the revenue in this kingdom; then the faid commiffionera of the revenue of this kingdom fhall forthwith, and they arcl hereby dire&ed and required to tranfmit fuch remittance certificate to the coUe&or of the 2	revenue,

Digitized t»y

Google

The thirty-third JVr of George III-

revenue, by whom, or from whofe office the fick, upfervice-able, or foreign remove-ticket, and other certificates above-mentioned, were fent to the faid commiffioners of the revenue ; and as foon as the duplicate of any fuch remittance certificate (hall be presented, Snd delivered to fuch collector of his Majefty’s revenue in this kingdom, together with the acknowledgment or receipt granted by fuch collector, for the tickets and certificates as aforefaid, fuch collector is hereby required and enjoined to examine fuch duplicate, with the other part thereof, tranfmitted to him by the copnmiflioners of the revenue, and to inquire into the truth thereof, by the oath of the perfon producing the fame, which path fuch colleftor is hereby direfted and irapower-cd to ^dminifler; and upon being duly falisficd of the truth thereof, to teflify the fame on the back of' fuch remittance certificate ; and fhall immediately pay to the person to whom fuch rejnittance certificate fhall be made payable, and who fhall be entitled to receive the fame, without fee or reward, on any pretence >vhatfoever, the fum contained in fuch remittance certificate, taking his receipt for the fame, on the back thereof; but in cafe the duplicate of fuch remittance certificate fhall not be produced and delivered, and the payment thereof demanded within nine calendar months from the date thereof, then fuch collector fhall transmit fuch remittance certificate to the commiffioners of his Majefly’s revenue in this kingdom, who (hall caufe the fame to be returned to the treafurer of the navy, at the pay-office of the navy, London.

V.	And whereas another aft pafled the parliament of Recital of Great Britain, in the thirty-fecond year of tfie reign of his another Engldh prefent Majefly, entitled, An ad for explaining qtid amend-	**	G‘

ing an at7, pa fed in the twenty fxth year of the reign of his prefent Majejlyy entitled. An ad for the further preventing frauds and abufes attending the payment of wages and prize money* and other allowances due fpr the fervice of petty officers or feamen* on board any of his Mayfly ’sfbips, and jor farther extending the benefits thereof topetiy officers and feamen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, and marines ferving, or who may have ferved on board any of his Mayeftyfs fhips ; and whereas it would be beneficial to many of his Maje&y’s fubr jefts, if the provifions in the aforefaid two afts were extended to this kingdom ; wherefore, ^nd for the more eafily obtaining letters of adminifl ration to any petty officer or	obtainii»«

feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, adminiftratioa (hall have belonged to any of his Majefty’s (hips, and to feazn&n, Sec, who (hall have died, or (hall die inteflate, leaving any wages, pay, or allowance of ‘money of any kind due to ^irp in refpeft of his ferviccs in his Majefty’a navy; be it

enafted,



Digitized by kjOOQle

*The thirty-third Tear of George III.

cna&ed, That when any perfon beinj* or rtfiding hi thj kingdom, and claiming to be adminiftrator of tbcdbtc and effe£ls of any petty officer, or teaman, non-commif-fioncd officer of marines, or marine, 'belonging, or who .fhall have belonged to any of his Majcfty’a Hups, and who has died, or hereafter (hall die inteflate, leaving any wagtj, j>ay, or allowances of money of any kind due to him ia refpeft qf (cryices in his Majefly’t navy, the perfon chiming fucli adminiftration, (haft fend a note or letter to the infpe&or of feamen’s wills in Great Britain, ftafing tk name of the <leceafed, the name of the lhip or {hips to winch lie belonged, and that he has heard, or been informed of his death, and requeuing the infpe&Qr to give fuch dirc£lion8 as may enable him to procure letters of adminitta-tion to the dcceafed ; and when tbe perfon claiming fuch ad-pninift ration, (hall receive from the infpe&or of feamen*i wills in Great Britain, a paper in the words following, or to the like effea:	1	'	''

j'jpang of

tosmty of

L IS T;

}fl degree, widow.

2d, child, pd, father.

4th, mother.

$fh, brother orfftcr.

'Gth, grandfather* or grandmother.

.7th, unde, aunt, nephew ornicqt.

Hth, coffin german.

$th, ccufin german, once removed.

1 oth, fecond eoufin.

belief; / now apply fer a eat. fcate to enable me to obtain letters of adminiflration to his being his	and neareft of kin, no one to the bf if

my knowledge and belief of a nearer degree, being livng St lit time of the death of the f id deicafcd, who Cbatchelor, 1 died a < or >

C widower, y my place of abode is

S I R,

Having obtained information that

horn about the year 17 a and bebop*; ' to his McyeJIfs Jbip

about the year died at

in the month of	17

without leaving any will, tc the bfl of my kwwkdpt aid

We hereby certify, that we perfonaHy know the above fib-ff dnng	and believe what	bos

- to be true.

I Both inhabitants of tbs

K*

Digitized by

Google -

gJ

The thirty-third Tear of George III,

No.

637

A. D.

We hereby certify, that the above and	are known to u*, are houfc-keeperty

and perfons of good refute*

Chap. 23.

IVitnefs our handsy

f Minifter,

\ Church •wardent.

Dated at	this day of	17

N. B. If the perfon applying it the widow of the party dr-ceafed9 Jhe muft forward herewith an extras from the pari/b re-giflery or fome other authentic proof of her marriage ; if the deceafed died after he had left the naval fcrvice, an extras from the pari/b regijlcr of hit burial, or fome other authentic proof of his death muft likewife be fent ta this office : If the perfon apply • ing knows anyproSor in doQors commons,

CA7

< or > is defired to mentioned his name, that he may 6e employ-

L be, i

ed in obtaining the letters of adminifiration : This application when filled up and attejled, is to be fent by the general pofl, under cover, direSed to the treafurer, or to the paymafler of his Mayfly's navy, London :

Upon the receipt of the faid paper, the perfon claiming p f .. fuch adminifiration fhall fill up, or caufe to be filled up, ing *0 the blanks in the firfl part of the faid paper, according aa blanks, the truth may be, and (hall duly fubferibe the fame; and two inhabitants of the parilh, within which the perfon claiming fuch adminifiration fhall refide, fhall fign the firfl certificate on the feid paper, having previoufly filled up the blanks therein, agreeably to the truth ; after which the mi* nifler and two church-wardens fhall fign the fecond certificate upon the aforef&id paper, the blanks therein being firfl filled up agreeably to the truth ; and the faid paper being in all thing* completed according to the dire&ions thereon, and hereby given, the fame fhall be returned, addreffed to the treafurer, or to die pay-mafter of his Majefly's navy, London.

VI. And be it ena&ed, That when and fo often as the when infpec-infpe&or of Teamen's wills fhall t ran fin it a letter addreffed to tor tranfmit a the minifter and church-wardens of the parifh, where the lcttmominif-perfons applying for fuch letters of adminifiration fhall re- are*to proceed fide, m the words, figures, and form following, or to the ag herein* like effea.

€	'	No.

Digitized by v^ooQle

6$S

A: D.

^795-Chap. 23.

The thirty-third Year of George II I:

No,	London,	navy	pay-office,	day of	179

Reverendfir.

Having received an application attefled by you9 church-•wardens of your parijh, from of your parijh, fating that

and next of kin of belonging So bis Majefly*s navy, and requeuing leave to adminiJUr to his effefts ; I am directed by ad cf pa liament of the thirty-fecond oj' George the third, ch. 34, tc forward you the enthfed requisition, for the purpfe cf /wearing	accordingly	;	provided	to	the	be*

cf your knowledge and belief	asfwcrj

the dfertpiion contained in the fame.

I am,

Rev.Jir,

Tour mojl obedient fervant,

InJpeSor.

and /&?

is the late 0

P, S. When the requisition is executed, you will pUafe ft return it, addrejfcd

To tlye treafurer, or to the pay-majlcr tf his Mfptft navy,	Loti*-

And foecify and deferibe the collector whofe abode is nearf ft the ptrfon applying, who will be direSed to pay	lb

wages due to the deceafcd

To	tiunifier of the parijh of

, N. B. If the application above mentioned, was not tttftd by you, as Jlated therein, be ph afed to return the enct fed n-qufition immediately, that means be taken to difeover she mpf-turn.

The minifter and church-wardens fhall immediately uponkV receipt of fuch letter as aforefaid, with the previous rsqui-fition or other inftruments enclofed therein, take fuch Hep? as to them may feem proper or necefTary for procuring tk execution of fuch previous requifition, or other ioftrumert transmitted to be executed; and for that purpofe, the kid miniftcr is hereby authorized and lequired to adrniniller the oath required by fuch requifition ; and being fo executed, he or they (hall tranfmit the fame to the treafurer, or to the pay-mailer of his Majefty’s navy, London, and (hall fpecify and deferibe the collector of the revenue, yvho may be moft convenient.

Digitized by LjOOQle

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

venient, or neareft to fuch perfon applying for fuch admini. ftration.

VII. And for the more eafily obtaining probate of any

will made, or which hereafter (hall be made, by any petty- ____________ ^

officer or feaman, non-commiflioned officer of marines, or obtaining marine belonging, or who {hall have belonged to any of probates of his Majeily’s {hips, and who hath died, or hereafter (hall wills, See. die, and fhall have left a will or tellament, appointing any executor or executors therein, wko may be refident in this kingdom; and fhall have any pay, wages, or other allowance of money due to him at the time of his death, in refped of his fervices on board of his hfnjefty’s fhips; be it enaded, That when, and fo often as the infpe&or of feamen’s wills and powers of attorney in Great Britain* fhall have iflued, or caufe to be ifTucd a check in lieu of	1

fuch will, with dire&ions to return the fame at the time of the teflator’s death ; and to which check there fhall be fubjoined a blank certificate, to be figned by two reputable honfe-keepers of the parifh where fuch executor is refident at fuch time ; and alfo aeother blank certificate to be figned by the minifter and church-wardens of fuch parifh, certifying that the two perfons who fhall have certified as aforefaid, are refident within the parifh, and of good repute; fuch check and certificate being in the form and words following, or to the like effetd :

* 639 A. D.

*793-Chap. 2^.

No.	check

London, navy pay-office.,	day	of	179

It being direffed by aQs of parliament * twenty-frxih George HI. chap. 63, and thirty fecond George III. chap. 74, that <wills granted by petty •ojjieers and fa men f rmn-comm.fj'nntd officers of marines, and marines, belonging to his Mfcjlft envoy, fhall be lodged in this office for pnrpofes /herein fpecified ; and that a cheek fhall be iffuedfor every fuch will, mentioning the particular heads thereof \ which by virtue vf the faid aSsJhatt Jland in place of the fame. This is tin ref ore iffaed to Jhevu receipt at this office of a will, dated at

upon the	day	of

granted by	now	of

formerly of his Maffly's flip in favour of	and	appointing

' cxecut and which is attcfled lx and	the a byte

upon the ifilter's death, is entitled upon production of this check, to demand of this office

the

Digitized by C^ooQie

Certificate* to be filled up.

lafpe&or of fijamens wills to write to minif-tcr, See. at herein directed.

*the thirty-third Tear of George III.

the wages, pay, or any other allowances due to the deceafeJ; and that the above mentioned will be direStd and fent to a proctor in dodors commons, to obtain a probate thereof, which is al/o to be lodged in this office.

We hereby certify, that weperfonally knowdhe above defenbed the prefent holder of this check, and that he is an inhabitant of this parijh.

} Both inhabitants of theparifbof in the county of

We hereby certify, that the above and	are known to us, are houfe-keepers,

and perfons of good repute.

Witnefs our hands

Mtmjler,

> Church-warder

At	tbit	day	of	179

If the teflator die after he leaves the naval fervice, a certificate of his burial or fome other authentick proof of his death mufi likewife be fent to this office- If the execut knows any proQor in doQors commons,	is	drfired

to mention his name, that he may he employed in obtaining the probate.

The above certificate* to be filled up upon the teftator’s death, and the check to be lent by the general poft, under cover, dire&ed to the treafurer, or to the pay-maftcr of his Majefty’s navy, London ; fuch houfe-keepers, mi-nifter, and church-wardens, (hall in the event of the tef-tator’s death as aforefaid refpc&ivdy, fill up the blank* in the faid certificate* according as the truth may be ; and (hall duly fubferibe the fame, which (hall be returned, ad-drefTed to the treafurer, or pay-mafter of his Majcfty’s navy, London.

VIII.	And be it ena&ed, That when and fo often as the infpedor of Teamen’s wills in Great Britain, (hall tranfmit a letter addreded to the minifter and church-wardens of the pari(h within which the executors or executor applying for fuch probate (hall refide, in the words, figures, and form following, or to the like efied:

Digitized by LjOOQle

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

ATo*	London, navy pay-office.	179

Revd. fir.

. Having received a check, formerly ijfued by this office, /0 which there are certificates annexed, attcjled by you and two church-wardens of your pari/h, certifying that alfo of your part/h, is the perfon deferibed in the faid check to be the execut	to	late	a

belonging to his VMajcJly's navy, and requefting that a probate of the will of the faid	may	be granted ; J am

direScd by aQ of parliament of the thirty fee and of George the third, chap. 34, to forward you the inclqfed requifition and copy cf the will, for the purpofe of f 'wearing the perfon fo named execut	accordingly•

/ am,

V	Revd.	fir.

Tour mojl obedient fervant,

InfpcBer.

P, S. IVhen the requifition is executed\ you will pleafe to return it, together with the copy of the will, addrtjfid

To the treafurer, or to the pay-mafler of his MajeJly's navy,	London.

j4nd fpecify and deferibe the condor whofe abode is nearejl to the rxecut who will be directed to pay	the

wages due to the deceefed.	✓

To	minifler of the pari/h of

And (hall therein inclofe fuch previous requifition, or other Jcgal and neceflary inftrument for fwearing fuch executor or executors, with inftru&ions for executing the fame ; and alfo a copy of the faid will; fuch minifter and church-wardens who are hereby authorized and required to adminifter the neccflhry oath, (hall immediately upon receipt of fuch letter as aforefaid, with the previous requifition, or other inftru-ments inclofed therein, take fuch fleps as to them may feem proper or Reccflary for procuring the execution of fuch re-quifition, or other inftruments fent as aforefaid ; and being fo executed, he or they (hall tranfmit the fame to the trea~ furer, or to the pay-mafter of his Majefty’s navy, London, and (hall fpecify and deferibe the collector of the revenue, who may be mod convenient or . neareft to the perfon applying for fuch probate.

Vol. IX.	S	f	IX.	And

Digitized by Google

642	77* thirty-third Tear of George III.

IX.	And in order that the juft and lawful creditor or creditors of any pctty-officer or Teaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, may the more eaiily obtain letters of adminiflration, or letters of admini&ration with the will annexed, of any fuch pctty-officer or feaman, non-com miffi on td officer of marines, or marine, to enable fuch creditor or creditors. In fatisfaftion or difcharge of fach debt, to receive any wages, pay, or other allowance of money of any kind due to any foch pctty-officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, in refpeft of his fervices in his Majefty’s navy; be it enafted by the authority afotefaid, That where any perfon or perfons, refident in this kingdom, being creditor or creditors of any pctty-officer, or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, who fhall have died inteftate, or leavings will of which the executors or executor fhall renounce the execution, or fhall reftffe to aft thereupon, fuch creditor or creditors fhall apply, by letter or note, to the infpeftor pf Teamen's wills, at the navy office, London, Hating the nature and amount of his demand; and if the perfon upon -whofe account the wages, pay, or other allowances are due, fhall have died after he left ttye naval fervice, fuch creditor (hall alfo exhibit a fatisfaftory proof of fuch death, and if he knows any proftor in doftors commons, London, whom he may wifh to employ, he fhall mention his name to the faid infpeftor; and fhall alfo tranfmit to the faid infpeftora certificate figned by two reputable houfe-kcepers, of the parifh where fuch creditor is refident, certifying that they pcrfonally know him, and believe that he is the perfon whom he deferibes himfelf to be; and alfo another certificate from the miniffer of the faid parifh, and two of the churchwardens, certifying that fuch two perfons who figned and certified as above mentioned, are refident within the laid parifh, and of good repute ; and when and fo often as the faid infpeftor of fcamen’s wills, fhall tranfmit a letter ad-drefied to the minifter and church-wardens of the parifh where, the perfon applying as a creditor for fuch letters of adminiffration then refides, in the following words or form, or to the like effeft :

Tmrm.	No.	London, navy pay-ofict,

day of	179

Having received certificates attefied by you and two churchwardens of your parifh, from	Jhstiag	that

he is refident therein, and defiring to aamimfler to the effitds of	late of bis Majefij’s navy, as his

creditor ; I am direSed by aQ of parliament of the thirtyfecood •f George the third, ebap. 34, to forward you the endefed

A. D.

1793-Chap. 2.3.

To enable creditor* of Teamen to obtain adminiffmi%», &c.

‘Digitized by

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

for the furpofe of [wearing him accordingly•

I am,

Rcvd. fr.

Tour moft obedient fervanty

InfpeQor.

P* S.	When the is executed, you willpleafe

to return it addrejjed

To the treafurery or to the pay-mqfler of his Majejly’i navy9	London:

And fpecify and deferibe the collector whofe abode is nearejl to the above credit or, who will be diretted to pay that part of the wages due to the deceafedy which	appears by law

to be entitled to receive.

To	minijler	of	the	parifh of

And In which letter a requifition, or other legal and necef-fary inftrument for fwearing the perfon applying for fuch adminiftration, with inftru&ions fdr executing the fame, together with a copy of the will, in cafes of adminiftration with the will annexed, (hall be enclofed; the faid minifter and church-wardens (hall, upon the receipt of fuch letter, with the requifition, or other inftrument cnclofid therein, take fuch fteps as to them (hall feem proper or neceflary for procuring the execution of fuch requifition, or other inftru-ment dire&ed to be executed ; and being fo executed, he or they (hall tranfmit the fame to the treafurer, or pay-mailer of his Majefty’a nary, London, and (hall fpecify and deferibe the colle&or of the revenue, who may be moft convenient and neareft to fuch perfon applying for fuch ad-mi ni ft ration.

X.	And be it ena&ed, That when, and fo often as any remittance-certificate, or certificates for any wages, pay, or mother allowances of money due, and payable *by the treafurer of the navy; to any perfon refiding in this kingdom, as executor, adminiftrator, widow, next of kin, creditor, or other perfon named as executor, as the cafe may be, to any petty officer, or feaman, non-commiflioncd officer of marines, or marine, figned, attefted, forwarded, and tranfmitted in the forms and manner herein before dire&ed, and certifying the fum or fums for which they (hall be fo drawn, as being due and payable only to the executor, adminiftrator, widow, next of kin, creditor, or perfon named as executor, as the cafe (hall be, who (hall be named in the fame, and entitled thereto, and fpeerfying and describing the name and S f 2	place

A requifition, or inftrument for (wearing, copy of will, Ac. to be in-doled.

Remittance t certificate for money payable to any perfon in this kingdom, as executor, &c. &c. of any ira-m.m, to be ferit to collectors.

Digitized by v^-ooQie

644	77w	thirty-third	Tear	0/George III.

A. D.

1793-Chap. 23.

If collet Of hat not money to pay certificate, &c. he fhall endorfe it as herein, and pay within x month after.

place of abode of fuch perfoo or perfonb fo certified to be entitled to fuch wages, or pay of fuch petty-officcr, or fa-man* non-commiffioned officer of marine?, or marine, as (hall be therein alfo fpecified, and addrefTcd to the commiffioners of the revenue of this kingdom, and being written or printed according to the form herein before fpecified, where remit-lances are made to this kingdom, at the payment of a /hip, on account of pay of any petty-officer, teaman, non-com-miffioned office!* of marines, or marine, as aforefaid, and iranfmitted to the faid commiffioners of his Majrily’s revenue in this kingdom, then, and fo often fuch commiffiooere Thall caufe the certificate fo tranfmitted to them, to be forthwith fent to the collector of the diflrift in which the perfoo named in fuch certificate refides, Or to the collcftor named or fpecified in fuch certificate, and upon the duplicate of fuch certificate being produced and delivered to fuch collector by the perfon named therein, as the perfon entitled to deceive the money therein mentioned* within nine calendar months from the date thereof, fuch colleftor {hall immediately, without fee or reward, on any psetence whatever, pay to the perfon fjpecified in fuch certificate, the fum mentioned therein, taking his, her, or their receipt on the back of fuch certificate for the fame; and in cafe the duplicate of fuch certificate fhall not be produced and delivered, and the payment thereof demanded within nine calendar months from the date thereof, then fuch collector fhall tranfinit fuch certificate to the faid Commiffioners of the revenue, who fhall caufe the fame to be returned to the treafurer of the navy, at the pay-office of the navy, Londoni

XI.	Provided always, and be it tna ft ed, That if any collector to whom the duplicate of any fuch certificate, or bfll, fhall be tendered as herein before mentioned, in order to receive payment of the money therein mentioned, (hall not have in his hands public money fufficient to anfwer the fame, or fhall refufe or delay immediate paymtnt thereof, fuch col*' leftor fhall endorfe on the back of the duplicate of fuch certificate, the Ays of its being tendered to him, and the caufe of his refufal or delay to pay the fame, and fhall appoint thereon for payment of fuch certificate, fome future day within the fpace of one month at farthefi from the day or its being presented to him $ which duplicate, with the en-florfement thereon, fhall immediately be delivered bad ts the perfon prefenting the fame ; and if on complaint made to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s revenue, it fhall be proved to the fatisfaftion of fuch commiffioners, or any three Or more of them, tjiat any fuch colleftor hath nnneceflarily or wilfully refufed or delayed payment of fuch certificate, as aforefaid, having been preftnted to him, or that .fuch : >	coHc&or*





Digitized by

Google

The thirty-third Tear of George I1T,

colledor, or any perfon employed by, or under him, hath diredly or indiredly received or taken any fee, gratuity, difeount, or dedudion whatfoever, on account of payment of fuch money, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid com-miflioners to fine fuch colledor in a fum not exceeding fifty pounds; which fine (hall be recovered and levied in fuch and the fame manner as any penalty for any offence againft any law by which any duties of cuftoms or excife in impofed or levied, and the faid fine when recovered, (hall be paid to the informer or informers, againfl fuch offender or offenders.

XII.	And be it enaded, That every collector who (hall have paid any fivns of money, to any perfon entitled, to rctufn dupli-have received the fame in purfuance of this ad, (hall return cates with re-the duplicate on which the acknowledgment of the receipt ceipts to com-©f fuch money ihall be endorfed, to the commiflioners oT

his Majeftv’s revenue, who (hall once in every quarter of a titicates to be * year, caufe a certificate to be given to fuch colledor, fpe- given, asherein. cifying the amount of the money appearing by fuch receipts to have been, in purfuance of this ad, by fuch colledor paid, within fuch quarter ; and every fuch colledor (hall be credited by the faid commiflioners for the payment of fuch money, in like manner as if the fame had been advanced and paid in purfuance of the orders of the faid commiflioners, for any other purpofes for which they are entitled to, ifiiie orders to colledors for the payment of money.

XIII.	And be it enaded, That the faid commiflioners Annual ac-fhall once in every year, make up an account of all mo- counts of pay-ney paid by the feveral colledors, in purfuance of this ad,

and fhall fend or tranfmit the fame, together with the cer- fcnt commif-tificates endorfed by the faid commiflioners, on which the fianers to trea- ' receipts for fuch money fhall have been taken, to fome perfon	nav7

or perfons to be authorized by the faid commiflioners to Pz7mcDt* receive the payment of the fame, from the treafurer of his Majefly’s navy ; and the faid commiflioners fhall return duplicates of fuch account to his Majefty’s accountant-general, and to the lord lieutenant of this kingdom for the time being.

XIV.	And be it enaded, That the vice-treafurer, or Vice-trea-vice-treafurers of this kingdom for the time being, his, or fufcrs t0 their deputy, or deputies, be and are hereby authorized to

receive all luch monies as fhall be repaid for any money advanced under advanced in purfuance of this ad, and fhall acknowledge this a St, and and give credit for the fame, in like manner as for any	them,

money received and paid at the receipt of his Majefty's Exchequer,

XV.	And be it enaded. That all letters direded or ad- ; * drefled by the treafurer, or pay matter of his»Majcfly'a

navy,

Colfc&ors to

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

A. D.

*793* Chap. 23.

Nopoflageon letters from treifurtr of navy, or front in* fpcAor of Teamen's wills.

Perfons who T'crfonate, Sec. or forge. See. any bill, certifi cate. Sec. to receive lick money, Sec guilty of ftlouy, without benefit of clergy.

n^vy, or by the infpe&or of feamen’s wills, and on which, the name of the treafurer or paymafter of his Majefty rs navy, or the infpe&or of teamen's wills, fhall be endorfed, (hall be forwarded free of any duty for poflage, any thing in any a& palled, or to be paffed to the contrary notwith-ftandiug.

XVI. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon /hall perfonate, or falfely affume the name or chara&er of,' or procme any other perfon to perfonate, or falfely affume the name and chara&er of any perfon to whom any fuch certificate as aforefaid /hall have been granted, in order to receive the money mentioned In fuch certificate, or /hall forge or counterfeit, or caufe, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any bill, certificate, or other document, in order to receive any fuch money, or /hall willingly and knowingly take any falfe oath, in order to receive payment of any fuch money, for which any fuch bill, certificate, or other document as aforefaid fhall be drawn ; or if any perfon /hall knowingly and willingly perfonate, or falfely affume the name or character, or procure any perfon to perfonate, or falfely affume the n^me or character of any inferior officer or teaman, non-commiffioned officer of ma-

rines, or marine, or other perfon entitled to any wages, pay, or other allowance of money for fervice done on board of any fhip or veffcl of his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceffore, or the name or charadter of the executor's or admin iflratoris, wife, relation, or creditor of any fuch inferior officer, or leaman, non commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, or other perfon, in order to receive any wages, pay, or allowance of money due, or fuppofed tol>e due, and payable for or on account of the fervices of any fuch inferior officer, or feaman, non-commiflioned officer of marines, or marine, or other perfon as aforefaid; or (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any letter of attorney, bHl, ticket, certificate, afligipment, lafl will, or other power pr authority whatever, in order to receive any wages, pay, or other allowances of money due, or fuppofed to be due to any fuch petty-officer, or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, or other perfon ap aforefaid; or fhall willingly or knowingly take a falfe oath, or procure any other perfon to take a falfe oath, to obtain the probate of any will or wills, or to obtain letters of adminiftration, in order to rq:eive the payment of any wages, pay, or other allowance of money due, or fuppofed to be due, to any fuch petty-officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, or other perfon as aforefaid, who has really ferred, pr was fuppofed to have ferved on board of any fhip or vet jfel of his Majefty, his heirs or fupccffors, every tuch per-

£w

Digiti; -	<	LjOOQle

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

fan fo offending, being lawfully convidted of any of the faid offences, fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a felon, without the benefit of clergy.	^

647 A. D.

CHAP. XXIV.

An AS for the Relief of Perfons carrying on tije Baling Trade in the City of Dublin.

WHEREAS by an adt pafled in the feventeenth and Recital of eighteenth years of his prefent Majeity, entitled,

An aS to amend and continue an aS pajfed in the thirteenth and J 7 ^ 1	'f*

fourteenth years of bis prefent Majcjly, entitled, An aS for the better regulation of the baking trade in the city of Dublin, and for otherpurpofes ; it is amongft other things enadted, That from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feveu hundred and feventy-eight, twentyeight (tones and an half of all kinds of flour, bought by the bakers, (hall be deemed equal to a quarter of wheat, valued in houfhold bread at thirty-feven (tones feyen pounds, in (triking the affize of bread, and that the magiftrate (hall give an allowance of ten (hillings only on the laid quarter of wheat: and whereas the neceflary expenses in baking hay$ very much encreafed, and it hath beeq found by repeated experiments, that twenty-eight (tones and an half of flour will not produce the quantity of bread required by the faid adt; be it enacted by the King’s molt excdlent ^Jajelly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflerabled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of jhe faid adt as directs that fo much ,*f twenty-eight (tones and an half of all kinds of flour (h?.U be J a* deemed equal to a quarter of wheat, valued at thirty-feven	UcJt

(tones (even pounds of houfhold bread, and limits the allow-ance to be given to the baker by the magilirate on baking faid quarter of wheat to ten (hillings, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That 29 r-jd (tones from and after the polling of this adt, twenty-nine (tones flou5to and one-third of a done of all kinds of flour bought by the ^a'qiuincr «f baker, (hall be deeded equal to a quarter of wheat valued wheac. at thirty-feven (tones feven pounds of houfhold bread, and that the magiftrate (hall give an allowance of twelve (hillings only on faid quarter.

III.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained,

(hall be taken to alter the ratio which white bread bears to ^itc^read to houfhold bread by the faid recited adt.	hooiehoM.

CHAP.

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

A. D.

1793-

CHAP. XXV,

Preamble,

barren land exempted from tithes for 7 years from improvement.

Prohibitions to (lay fuits, not to be granted, unlefsacopy of the libel be given to the judge, See.

An A3 to encourage the Improvement of Barren Land.

WHEREAS there are feveral large tra&s of barren heath and wafte ground in this kingdom, the improvement of which would conduce much to the benefit and advantage of the publick; in order to encourage the improvement of which ; be it cna&ed by the King’s noil excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all fuch barren heath and wade ground which hitherto hare lain barren, and paid no tithes by reafon of the fame barrennefs, and which hereafter (hall be improved and converted into arable ground or meadow, lliall from henceforth until the end and term of feven years next after the time o( improving the fame, be exempted and difeharg^d from the payment of all tithes whatfoever, any law or ctkftoin to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding; but that the faid barren heath and waile ground, (hall from henceforth after the end and term of feven years next after fuch improvement fully ended and determined, pay tithe for all things ufually tithcable in the feveral counties in this kingdom refpe&ively growing, or yearly encrcafing and renewing upon the fame, any thing in this a6t to the coutrary nptwithftanding.

II. And be it enadted, That in all cafes where any fuit or proceeding fhall be commenced in any ecclefiaftical court, or before any ecclcfiailical judge, relating to the recovery of any tithes in which any quellion (hall arife, whether the’ land out of which fuch tithe fhall be claimed, is exempted and difeharged from tithes by virtue of this a<ft, no prohibition fhall be granted to flay any fuch fuit or proceeding, un-lefs the party demanding fuch prohibition fhall bring and deliver to the hands of oiie of the juflices, or the judge of the court in which fuch prohibition fhall be applied for, a true copy of the libel or petition depending in the ecclefiaftical court concerning the matter wherefore the party detaaodeth the prohibition, fubferibed or marked with the hand of the lame party; and under the copy of the faid libel or petition fhall be written the fuggeftion wherefore the party fo de-mandeth the faid prohibition ; and in cafe the faid fuggeftion by two honell and fufficient witnefTes at lead, he not proved true in the court where the faid prohibition fhall be fo grant-

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

ed, within fix months next following after the faid prohibition fhall be fo granted and awarded, that then the party that is letted or hindered of his or their fuit in the ecclefiaf-tical court by fuch prohibition, fhall upon his or their requed and fuit, without delay, have a confutation granted in the fame cafe in the court where the faid prohibition was granted, and fhall alfo recover double coils and damages againfl the party that fo purfued the faid prohibition, the faid cofls and damages to be afiigned or affefTed by the court where the faid confutation fhall be fo granted; for which cofls and damages the party to whom they fhall be awarded, may have an ad ion of debt by bill, plaint, or information, in any of the King’s courts of record, wherein the defendant fhall not wage his or their law, nor have any effoign, or protedion allowed or admitted.

III.	Provided always, That no perfon fhall be intitled ^ ^ to claim exemption from tithe for any land under this ad, claim exemption who fhall not have given notice in writing to the parfon, but as herein, redor, vicar, or curate, or impropriator, or his known prodor or agent, in the parifh or union in which fuch land lies, of the period of time from which be means to begin to claim fuch exemption, at lead fix calendar months before the commencement of fuch period, fpecifying in fuch notice the quantity and quality of fuch land and its fituatiori, together With a map or furyey of fuch land, verified by the oaths of two furveyors, Which o^ths any magiilrate for the county in which fuch land fhall be, is hereby impowered to adminifler, one of which furveyors fhall be named by the proprietor or occupier,' and the other by the parfon, redor, vicar, or curate, or impropriator, to be to the bed Of their judgment and belief a true and corred furvey of the land for which fuch exemption is intended to be claimed, which notice and furvey fhall by fuch parfon, redor, vicar or curate, or impropriator, or his known agent or prodor, be regidered in the regidry of the diocefe in which fuch land lies, and fuch notice and furvey, or a copy thereof, atteded by the regider of the diocefe, fhall be concltiftve evidence of the quantity and fituation of the land, and of the period of time from whence the exemption of the faid land from payment of tithe commenced, if the fatne fhall be entitled to an exemption from tithes under the true meaning and intention of this ad, but notice and furvey fhall not be, nor fhall the fame be confidered to be any evidrtice of the exemption of the faid land from payment of tithes, unlefs the fame fhall be really and truly intitled to an exemption from payment of tithes, under the true meaning and intention of a fhis ad.

IV. And

650	The	thirty-third	Tedr	of	George III.

A. D. IV. And be it further provided, That in cafe the perfpn 1793* who (hall intend to claim any exemption from payment of tithes under this ad, (hall, by notice duly ferved for that If parfon, purpofe, require any parfon, redor, vicar, or curate, or im-&c. ncglc& propriator, to name and appoint a furveyor to affifl in mjTpoint^fur-0 raa^,ng fuch map or furvey as herein before mentioned, and Ycyor, map and that fuch parfon, redor, vicar or curate, or impropriator, furvey of one (hall for the fpace of one month after the feivice of fuch no-furveyor fuf- tice, refufe, decline, or negled to name and appoint fuch acilt*	furveyor for the purpofe aforefaid, fuch map or furvey^as

herein before mentioned, verified in the manner herein be* fore mentioned by the one furveyor, named and appointed by the perfon who (hall intend .to claim fuch exemption, (hall be as effedual a map and furvey for all the purpofes in this a d, as if the Ume had been made and verified by the oaths of the two furveyors herein before mentioned.

Burning not V. And towards preventing the pernicious pra&ice of to entitle to ex- burning land, by which no permanent improvement is made; omption.	^ jt cna&c(k That where the foil or fuHface of the earth in

or upon any land (hall be burned, no part of fuch land (hall be confidered or deemed to have been improved within the intent and meaning of this ad, and no part of fuch land (hall be exempted or difeharged from tithe by virtue of this ad, unlels the confent of the proprietor of fuch land in writing, under his or her hand and feal, be bad and obtained before fuch land, or any part thereof (hall be burned.

CHAP. XXVI.

An AS for further amending the feveral Laws for mating, widening, and repairing the Road from Dubun to Malabide, and the other Roads leading to Dublin over Bally bough-bridge, and for enabling the Truflees for the faid Purpofes, to borrow a further Sum to complete a new Communication eajlward of Bally bough-bridge.

Recital *6 XT^HEREAS by an ad palled in the twenty-fixth year G. 3. c. 30. V V of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, An a8 for making, widening, and repairing the road leading from Dublin to Mala-hide, and for erefling turnpike gates, and receiving tolls there-out, in aid of the barony preferments, and for appointing truf tees for carrying the faid purpofes into execution ; and by feveral fubfequent ads, certain rates and duties were granted, and trufteci appointed for carrying the purpofes of the faid

Digitized by



The thirty-third Tear of George III.

6s i

ads into execution, and the provifions of the faid ad were extended to the roads leading through Ratheny andClontarfe, and by one of the faid fubfequent ads paffed in the thirty-fecond year of his Majefly’s reign, entitled, An ad for enabling the trufiees for makings widening, and repairing the road from Dublin to Malabide% and the other roads leading to Dublin over Bally bough-bridge,purfuant to feveral a 8s of parliament more effeSually to carry the faid a8s into execution ; a power was given to ihe faid trufiees to affign the tolls and duties granted by any of the faid ads, as a fecurity for fuch fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the fum of two thoufand pounds, with interefl for the fame, not exceeding the rate of fix pounds by the hundred, by the year, as they might think neceflary, to raife and borrow for the pur-pofe of building, ereding, and making a new bridge and caufeway eaflward of Ballybough-bridge, in order to make a new and more commodious communication between the city of Dublin, and the country on the other fide of Ballybough-bridge aforefaid; And whereas a confiderable part of the faid new bridge which is called Annefley-bridge .and caufeway hath been ereded, and the faid fum of two thoufand pounds, which by the faid lafl recited ad, the faid trufiees had power to borrow, will not be fufficient to enable them to complete the faid bridge and caufeway, and the rates, tolls, and duties by the faid ads granted, may not after providing for the payment of the interefl of fonper fums borrowed in purfuance of the faid ads, and fuch fums as may be borrowed in purfuance of this ad, be fully fufficient to enable the faid trufiees to execute the works neceflary for effedually making and repairing the faid roads; and it is expedient to raife an additional toll or duty, in certain inflances at the gates on the faid roads; and it may be neceflary to raife and borrow at interefl upon the fecurity of the fevcral rates, tolls, and duties granted by any of the faid former ads, and this ad, a further fum of money, and to enable the faid trufiees effedually to fecure the fame upon the fecurity aforefaid; wherefore, be it enaded by the King’s mofl excellent Ma-jefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, the following additional tolls, rates, and duties fhall be paid at any gate or toll-houfe ered-ed, or which fhall be ereded on any of the faid roads, before any coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair (hall pafs through any fuch gale, that is to fay, for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, drawn by fix horfes, or bcafts of burthen, pr more, the fum of feven

pence

3* Geo. 4.

additional tolls to be paid, as herein.



ytrofteeinuy tffign tolls for a further fura, sot more than aoool with loterdf.

Time of payment fpecified in debentures.

Th? iLh ij’ihini Tear of George III.

pence halfpenny ; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, cluit’c, or cha*r, drawn by a leffr number than fix horfes, or bealts of hurt lien, and more than two, the fum of two pence; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, drawn by two horfes, or beads of burthen, the fum of one halfpenny ; and for every car called a ijaunting car, the fum of one halfpenny ; and an additional duty for every carriage drawing bricks, after the rate of eight pence for every thoufand of bricks carried thereon, that is to fay, for every carriage drawing any number of bricks, not exceeding the computed number of one hundred and twenty-five, one penny ; and fur every carriage drawing a greater number of bricks, the fum of two pence, 2nd an additional toll or duty for every carriage drawing any kind of (loiies, after the rate of three halfpence for every ton weight of (tones, that is to fay, for every carriage drawing any quantity of Hones, not exceeding the computed weight of feven hundred and an half, the fum of one halfpenny, and for every carriage drawing a greater weight of f^ones, the fum of one penny, which feverai and refpedive fums of money, together with the rates, tolls, and duties heretofore granted, (hall be demanded and taken in the like manner as the tolls and duties granted by any of the faid former ads, and (hall be applied and difpofed of for the like purpofes, and be fubjed to the like ufes as the tolls and duties granted by the faid former ads, or any of them.

II.	And be it enaded, That the faid truftees, and fuch perfon and perfons as have been and (hall be fucceffively nominated purfuant to the powers in any of the former ads relating to the faid roads, or any of them, truftees in the (lead of any truftee or truftees dying or refigning, or any five or more of them, may, and they are hereby empowered by writing under their hands and feals, from time to time to aflign over the faid tolls and duties as a fecurity for fuch further fum arud fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of two thoufand pounds, withj intereft for the fame, not exceeding the rate of fix pounds by the hundred, by the year, to be paid half-yearly, as they nfey think neceflary, to raife and borrow for the purpofe of completing the building, ereding, and making of the faid bridge and caufeway, and for etfeding the faid new com-! munication in the fame manner, and as effedually as for any fum or fums heretofore borrowed by them, by virtue of any of the faid ads.

III.	And be it enaded, That in every debenture or writing to be figned by the faid truftees, for fecuring every fum to be borrowed in purfuance of this ad, the time when the principal money thereby fecured, lhall be

agreed

-^

D	iy

Google

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

*53

Agreed to be paid, {hall be fpccified in fuch debenture or A. D* writing.	1793-

IV.	And be it cnu&ed, That the feveral rates, duties, Chap. 26. and tolls by any of the laid former a&s, and by this a& v granted, (hall (land a fecurity in the firll place, for pay- Tolls to ftanl hient of the intereft of the feveral principal fums borrowed fn^c^^fums in purfuance of the faid ads, or any of them, and of fuch borrowed by principal fums as the fame (hall iffpe&ively become payable; laid ad*

and in the next place as a fecurity for the payment of the intereft of fuch fum or fums as fhull be borrowed in pur. fuance of this ad, and of fuch principal fums as the fame {hall refpe&ively become payable; and that the treafurer for the time being, of the faid duties and tolls, {hall not pay any fum of money on any order of the faid truftces, whereby he {hall be enabled out of the duties and toll* paid into his hands, to difeharge the faid intereft and principal fums, at the times they art or {hall be refpe&ively payable.

V.	And be it ena&ed, That if the intereft which ftiall be |f imrrrflb* payable on any debenture or debentures to be iftiicd in pur- unpaid if fuance of this ad, or any part thereof, (hall be unpaid by

the treafurer to the faid truftecs for the fpace of twenty-ohe appoint ** days after any of the days appointed for the payment thereof, receiver, the lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or commiffioners of the great feal, may and is, and are herebysrequired, upon a petition of one or more of the holders of the faid debentures, llating the intereft due upon fuch debenture or debentures, and when the fame became due, and on affidavit verifying the truth of fuch petition, appoint a receiver to receive frour the gate-keeper* on the faid roads, and collectors of the faid rates, tolls and duties, fo much of the faid rates, tolls and duties, as may be neceflary to pay fuch intereft, and the receivers fees, and all reafonable cofts attending fuch applica-- tion ; or may make fuch order for fequeftering the faid duties and tolls, or fuch monies as may be in the hands of the faid treafurer for the paymeht thereof, as tojufticc (hall appertain ; and fuch receiver (hall have all fuch and the like aid of the faid court to enable him to enforce payment of & fufficiency of fuch tolls, rates, and duties, for the pnrpofe aforefaid, as is ufually given to receivers by the faid court appointed for the receiving the rents of mortgaged eftates.

VI.	And be it enaCted, That the faid tniftces fhall per- Powers oF

feft, amend, and keep in repair, the road leading over the rrufhes ex-faid bridge and caufeway* in like manner as any other road	to	faid

under their direction or management; and that all powers c[j{***™ and authorities by any of the faid former a£ts granted to the

laid truftees for making, ordering, and repairing any of the

faid

Digitized by LjOOQle

$54	Tie	thirty-third	Tear	of	George	HI.	,

Truftee* may creA turnpike* upon road* leading to Anneflcy-bndge, under their dire A ion, dec.

Truftec* may iffue warrant*, dec.

(aid reads in the laid former ads mentioned, and preventing nuifancesand annoyances; and all regulations refpedingthe fame (hall be, and the Came are hereby extended to the (aid bridge and caufeway, as fully as if the fame were named in the leveral ads refpedively relating to the faid roads; and that all powers given by the faid ads to the (aid truftees for prerenting nuifances and annoyances to the public, (hall be extended to that part of the road leading to the faid bridge, between the Circular-road and the faid bridge.

VII.	And be it enaded, That the truftees already appointed, or to be appointed to carry the faid ads, or any of them into execution, or any three or more of them, (hall and may ered, or caufe to be crcded, one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes upon, or acrofo any part or parts of the faid new communication, over the faid bridge, called Annedey-bridge, or any part of any road leading thereto, under their management and diredion, and ered and buOd one or more toll-houfc or toll-houfes thereon, or adjacent thereto ; and the faid truftees, or fuch perfon or perfons as they, or any three or more of them (hall appoint, (hall receive and take at any gate, turnpike, or toll-houfe already ereded in purfuance of any of the faid ads, or to be ereded in purfuance of this ad, the rates, tolls, and duties granted by the faid ads, or any of them, and the additional rates, tolls and duties granted by this ad, and that the fame (hall be levied in like manner, and be paid under the like penalties and forfeitures as by any of the fad aAi are enaded in that behalf; and that the faid truftees, and all perfons ading und<r them, (hall have all and (ingularthe like powers, remedies knd authorities for colleding, levying, and recovering the faid fcvcral rates, tolls and duties at any gate, turn-pike, or toll houfe ereded, or to be ereded in purfuance of this ad, as by any of the (aid ads were provided for colleding, levying, and recovering the rates, tolls, and duties thereby granted, at any gate, turnpike, or toll-houfe ereded, by virtnc of any power in auy of the faid former ads.

VIII.	And be it enaded, That in all cafes where any power is by any of the faid ads given to the faid truftees, or any of them, or to any magiftrate to levy any fine, penalty, or forfeiture inftided by any of the faid ads, or any perfon for any offence againft the fame, the faid trultees and ma-giftrates refpedively, (hall, in cafe there (hall not be goods and chattels fufficient to fatisfy fuch fine or penalty, iffue a warrant under their hands and feals refpedively, againft the body or bodies of the offender or offenders, and commit him or them to the common gaol, for any time not exceeding

one

The thirty •third Tear of George III.

one month, unlefs fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be fooner fully paid.

IX.	And be it ena&ed, That in all cafes where any dri-▼er of any fort of carnage who is not the owner thereof, (hall offend again ft any regulation enjoined by any of the faid a&8, or by any authonty derived under any of the faid ad 8, for which offence any fine or penalty is infli&ed, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid truflees to proceed to recover and levy the fine or penalty againfl the owner of fuch carriage, in the fame manner as by the faid afts they are authorized to recover and levy the fame from the driver thereof, and fuch owaer (hall and may, after payment thereof, dedull from the wages of any fuch driver the amount of the fine or penalty which by means of the offence committed by fuch driver, fhall have been in-f) idled.

X.	And be it ena&ed, That this adl fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick adl, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons, without fpecially pleading the fame.

Fine* may be recovered from owners of carriages, and by them dedu&cd from wages of drivers.

A publick

■a.

CHAP. XXVII.

An A3 for confirming and e/labli/bing certain Articles of Agreement made between the Trufiees named and appointed by the lafi Will and Tefiament of Richard Morgan, late of New-cafile, in the County of Dublin, Efquire, deceaftd, and John Godley, of the City of Dublin, Efquire, the Nephew and Heir at Law of the faid Richard Morgan, concerning the real and perfonal Efiates whereof the Jaid Richard Morgan died feized and pqjfejfed, and for other Purpofes.

WHEREAS Richard Morgan, late of Newcaftle in the county of Dublin, cfquire, died on or about the twenty-eighth day of December, in the year of our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, without iffue, leaving Dorothy Morgan, otherwise Mellor his widow, and John Godley of the city of Dublin, efquire, his nephew and heir at law: and whereas the faid deceafed was at the time of his death, feized and pofTeffed of feveral ef-tates of inheritance, and freehold, and long terms of years in lauds and houfes herein after more particularly mentioned, and alfo of other property to a large amount in value: and whereas his Majefty’s attorney general at the relation of the right reverend George Lewis, lord bifhop of Kildare, the right reverend and honourable William lord bi&op of OITory, x	and

R. Morgan died on 28th Bee. 1784, was polTeired of lcveral eftatts;

information exhibited againfl John Godley, Dorothy Morgan, and others.

Digitized by L.ooole

\



A- D. 1793' Chap. 27.

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

and the right reverend Richard lord bi/hop of Cldyoe, did on or about the twenty-firft day of April, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, exhibit an information in hi* Majrily’s high court of chancery in Ireland, againft the faid John Godley, and againft the laid Dorothy the widow of the faid Richard Morgan, and feveral others, thereby (amongft other things,) charging that the faid deceased did on or about the tenth day of March, in the year one thoufand feven hundred feventy-three, duly make and publifh his lad w ill and tedament in writing, and thereby de-vifcdand bequeathed to the faid Dorothy Morgan hi» widow, the fum of one hundred and fifty pounds fterling, in addition to a certain annuity, which had been fecuredtoher by her marriage Settlement, and did alfo on a certain contingency in his faid will mentioned, leave and bequeath unto the faid Dorothy, and to federal other perfons in his faid will named, Several other legacies, and fubjefl thereto and to the faid contingency, did give, devife, and bequeath to his grace the lord primate of all Ireland, the right honourable the lord chancellor of Ireland, his grace the lord arch-bifhop of Dublin, the lord chief juftice of his Majefty’s court of KingVbench, the lord chief jullice of his Majef-ty*s court of common pleas, the lord chief baron of his Majefly *8 court of exchequer, and the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, all for the time being, and their fucceffors for ever, all his the faid teftatoris eftates and property of every kind in trufl for certain charitable purpofes in the faid ^formation particularly Hated and fet forth, and itwasbylbe faid information prayed, that the trulls of the faid will might be carried into execution, or to that effe6l 2 and whereas the faid John Godley on or about the fourteenth day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, put in his anfwerio the faid information, and thereby did infill that the faid alledged will of one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, was a mere nullity, and that he the laid Richard Morgan had died inteHate, and that he the faid John Godley, as heir at law of the faid Richard, became thereupon entitled to all the real and freehold eftates of the faid Richard, fubje& to the debts and incumbrances affcdling the fame: and whereas pending the faid fuit, certain indented articles of agreement; bearing date on or about the feventeenth day of April, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, were duly made and executed by and between his grace the moll reverend and right honourable Richard lord arch-bilhop of Armagh, primate and metropolitan of all Ireland, the right honourable John lord Fitz-Gibbon, lord chancellor of Ireland, hil 1	gract



The thirty-third Tear of George III.	657

grace the moft reverend Robert lord arch-bi(hop of Dublin, A. D. priipate and metropolitan of Ireland, the right honourable *793-John loid vifcoutit Clonmell, lord chief jyftice of his Ma- Chap. 27, jefty's court of King’s bench in Ireland, the right honour-able Hugh lord Carleton, lord chief juftice of his Majefty’s court of common pleas in Ireland, the right honourable Barry Yelvcrton, lord chief baron of his Majefty’s court of exchequer in Ireland, and the right honourable Henry Gore Sankey then lord mayor of the city of Dublin, of the one part, and the faid John Godley of the other part, whereby after reciting amongft other things, the feveral matters herein before mentioned, it was for the confiderati- x ons therein mentioned, covenanted, and agreed by and between all the faid parties to the faid articles of agreement, and the faid truftees for themfelves and their fucceflors for ever, and the faid John Godley for himfelf, his heirs, executors, and adminiftrators, for the jfurpofe of accommodating and putting an end to the faid fuit fo depending in the faid court of :hancery, which from its nature, was likely to be tedious and expenfive, and doubtful in its event, did mutually covenant and agree, that the whole property of the faid Richard Morgan, to wit, the entire of his eftates, real and perfonal of every kind, over and above, and after payment of all the juft debts of the faid Richard Morgan, and all the legacies and annuities devifed and bequeathed by his faid will, (fave and except the devife to the faid truftees,) and alfo after payment of all charges and expences which had been incident to, and had attended the management of the faid property fince the death of the faid Richard Morgan, (hould be divided into two equal parts or moieties, he the faid John Godley having firft accounted to the faid truftees, for all the rents, ifTues, and profits of the faid eftates, and property which came to his hands fince the death of his faid uncle, and that one full moiety or ftiare of all the laid property, after fuch deductions as aforefaid, (hould by aCt of parliament, (in cafe the fame could be obtained,) be ' feenred to the faid John Godley, his heirs, executors, ad-miniftrators, and afligns, for ever freed, exonerated, and difeharged from all devifes and bequefts of the faid Richard Morgan, and the other moiety to the faid truftees, and their fucceflors for ever, to be by them laid out, applied, and difpofed of, to and for fuch charitable ufes and purpofes, as by the faid will is, and by the faid aCt (hould be directed, and by the faid articles of agreement, the faid parties thereto, that is to fay, the faid truftees for themfelves and their fucceflors for ever, and the (laid John Godley for himfelf his heirs, executors, and adminiftrators, did mutually covenant and agree that they the faid truftees, and their fuccef-Vol. IX.	T	t	fors.

Digitized by LjOOQie

The thirtylhird Tear of George I1L

forsy and the faid John Godley, his heirs, executors, adnru~ niftrators, and afiigns, flkould and would do, or caufe to be done, all and every a& and a6b neceflary, or that counfel fhould advife for the purpose of carrying the faid agreement into complete execution, and that they and every of them would ufe their bed endeavours in order to obtain an ad of parliament for that purpofe; and whereas the faid John Go<fley purfuant to the faid articles of agreement, hath fully accounted with the faid truftees for all the rents, ifiues, and profits of the faid eftates and property of the faid Richard Morgan, which came to his hands or power fince the death of the faid Richard, to and for the eleventh day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and uinety-three inclufive: and whereas the faid agreement appears to be reafonable, and f&ch as is (it to be carried into execution, but the feme can-Aroetitisnof not ** cfoftually done without the aid of parliament: there-truflce* and fore at the humble petition of his grace the mod reverend Jthn OotUty, and right honourable Richard lord arch-bifhop of Armagh, elq; it is ciaO- primate and metropolitan of all Ireland, the right honoura-cd:	ble John lord Fitz-Gibbon, lord chancellor of Ireland, his

grace the moft reverend Robert lord arch-bifhop of Dublin, primate and metropolitan of Ireland, the right honourable John lord vifeount Clomnell, lord chief juflicc of his Ma-jetty’s court of King’s bench in Ireland, the right honourable Hugh lord Carieton, lord chief juflice of bis Majcfty’t court of common pleas in Ireland, the right honourable Barry Yelvenon, lord chief baron of his Ms jetty’s court of exchequer in Ireland, and the right honourable John Carle-ton lord mayor of the city of Dublin, and John Godley of the faid city, efquirc; be it ena&cd by the King’s moil excellent Majctty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefdot parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, that states, kc. That all and fmgular the feveral manors, mefluages* towns, fl>CCV a kn<*8» tenements, hereditaments, and prettifies herein after in John Godley m*ntioned, that is to fay, all that and thole the cattles, aim his heirs for towns, lands, tenements, and hereditaments following, that aver, and in the is to fay* Rathnafear containing by ettimation three bulled truftees, dred an<j n|ne acrc8 profitable land plantation mcafure, be the fame more or lefs, and all that_part of the towns and lands ' of Ballywilliam, alias Bally williams, foimerly in the poflef-fion of the faid Richard Morgan the elder, and Richard Morgan the younger, in virtue of, and under a certain deed of partition bearing date the twenty-firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty-three, made and executed by and between Richard Maunfell of the city of Limerick, efquire, and Richard Maunfell, efquirc, the younger, ddeft fou of the faid Richard Maunfell, the elder, by his then

wife

irom 25 Mar. *793-

Digitized

ized by^GoO^IC

The thirty-third Tear of George III.	659

wife Jane Maunfefl, otherwife Waller, of the one part, and A* D. the laid Richard Morgan the elder, by the name and 1793. defcription of, Richard Morgan of the city of Dublin, ef- Chap. 27. quire, and the fak) Richard Morgan the younger, by the name and defcription of Richard Morgan, efquire, the younger, only fon and heir of the faid Richard Morgan the elder, of the other part; and the lands of Grange, other-wife Graige or Grayges, containing by a furvey made thereof, thtee hundred and thirty acres, one rood, and ten perches, plantation meafure, all fituate, lying and being in the barony of Conello and county of Limerick, together with all and lingular the rights, members, and appurtenances to the faid towns, lands, and premifes belonging, or ha any wife appertaining, and the reverfion and reverfions, remainder and remainders, yearly, and other the rents, ilTues and profits of the faid premifes ; and alfo all that and thofe the manor or reputed manor of Craigftown, and the towns and lands of Mullaghmore, Tuam, Dromfhawer, alias Dromlhanger, Dromloanake, alias Dromloonagh, alias Drumlunagh, Drombricke, alias Dmmbrich, Dromrilhine, alias Druminfhine, Kilerhin, alias Kilcaron, alias Kilcarn, Dromergoole, alias Drumergaul, Aghavoers, alias Agha-▼arry, alias Aghavore; Aghemore, alias Taghemore, alias Taghamore, Kilbrackan, alias Killbrackan, Dromenure, alias Druminare, Killdagarre, alias Killegar, Laghin, alias .

Laglin, alias Laghan, DromnecrofTee, Charcarra, alias Curcarr, Ahaville, alias AghavOly, Lawchill, alias Lang-field, Drumhalbry, alias Dromhawbry, Dromlonan, alias Dromlenari, alias Dromcliven, and Anage, alias Enoche, lying, and being in the barony of Carrygallen, in the county of Leitrim : and alfo all that and thofe the town , and lands of Kdnemarrow, otherwife Kilnemar; and alfo all that yearly fee-farm rent of thirty-eight pounds fixteen fhillings and three pence, ilTuing and payable out of the towns and lands of the two CorglalTes, otherwife CoryglafTes, fituate, lying, and being in the barony of Carrygallen and county of Leitrim as aforefaid; and alfo all that and thofe the two houfes or tenements, with the out-houfes and appurtenances thereunto belonging, lituate on tht north quay in the town of Drogheda, formerly in the tenancy or pof-feflion of the reverend Mr. Richard Crump, and of the honourable James O'Brien, efquire, and Mr. Daniel itelly ; and alfo all that houfe, malt-houfe, ware-houfe, garden, back-yard, and appurtenances thereunto belonging, wherein alderman John Godfrey, deceafed, formerly dwelt, fituate in St. Laurence*s-(hneet, in the faid town of Drogheda, and afterwards in the occupation and poffeffion of Jane Spencer, widow, and Cornelius M‘Keogh, merchant; and alfo all thkt houfe and back-yard thereunto adjoining in the faid Tt 2	ftreet.

Digitized by

•	Tbf thirty-third Tear of George III.

ftreet, formerly in the occupation and poflcffioa of Mary Norman, widow ; all which (aid premifes is St. Laurence-ftreet, are held by virtue of a leafe for three 1ms renewable for ever, from William Sheppeard, efquire, at the yearly rent of two pounds fterling, and eleven (biffing* and for pence fine, to be paid on the foil of a life ; and abo all that the dwelling-hotife, out-houfes, and gardens thereunto belonging, fituate, lying, and being in ClonUrfF in the county of Dublin, formerly inhabited by the faid Richard Morgan the elder, and afterwtrds in the occupation and poficftion of the reverend Mr. Frederick Ufher, clerk; and all that the hoofe and gardens formerly in tbepofleffion of Robert Sneyd, and afterwards of John Sparks, or his under-tenants, together with two fmall fields or meadows thereunto adjoining, making in the whole four acres, two roods, and thirty-fix perches, or thereabouts, be the feme more or lefs, being part of the towns and lands of CfoctaH? atorefapd, held by leafe from John Vernon, elquirc, made to the faid Richard Morgan the cider, for the term of ninety-nine years, from the twenty-fifth day of March,, one thoufapd feres hundred aud twenty-nine, at the yearly rent of eleven pounds five (hillings fterling; and alfo aM that form or parcel of land, commonly called Ballyboggan, fituate within the parifti of Finglafs in the county of Dublin, held by leafe from the dean and chapter of Chrift-church ; and alfo all that and thofe the towns and lands of Newcaftle, containing two hundred apd fifty-five acres, he the fame more or left, fituate, lying, and being in the barony of Newcaftle and Upper Crofs, and county of Dublin, held by virtue of, and under a leafe thereof made, bearing date the fifth day of February, one thoufond (even hundred and twenty-three, by Hugh Henry, efquire, to John NtvtUe, efquire, at the yearly rent of one hundred and fifty pounds for three lives renewable for ever, at a pepper corn line, the tenants intereft in which faid leafe by mefne alignment afterwards became vefted in the faid Richard Morgan the younger, and which faid freehold intereft is alfo fabje&'to af yearly rent charge of three hundred pounds fterling, payable to William Gocfley, efquire, his heirs and aligns, ter ever; and alfo all that houfc and garden fituate, lying, and being in the fouth-weft end of Newcaftle aforefoid, and containing one acre of ground, in as large and ample a manner as ^Ear-tin Walfh, cooper, formerly held and enjoyed the feme, sad held by virtue of, and under a leafe thereof made, bearing date the feventh day of December, one thoufond feven hundred and fifty-four, by Michael Aylmer of Lyons, in the county of Dublin, efquire, to the faid Richard Morgan, for the term of iixty-two years from the month of May pm* 1	«cd»$

The thirty-third Year of George III.

ceding, it }he yearly rent of one pound two (hiUings and nine pence fterling ; and alfo all that and thofe the feveral pieces and parcels of land, formerly in the tenure and occupation of Richard Nevilk, cfquire, and late in the pofleffion of the faid Richard Morgan, deceafed, and now in the pof-feffion of John Godley, efquire, or his under-tenants, commonly called and known by the name of the petty canons land of Saint Patrick aforefaid, fituate, lying, and being in the town-fields and barony of Newcaftle and county of Dublin* containing in the whole thirty-fix acres, three roods, and three perches, be the fame more or lefs, as the fame flood laft renewed under a leafe thereof made, bearing date the third day of June, one tboufand feven hundied and eighty-fix, to the faid John Godley, for the term of lixty-one years, from the twenty-fifth day of March preceding; and alfo all that and thofe the towps and lands of Millhfll farm, part of Bifliop,s farm. Little^ Clonburrow, part of Gibbon’s farm, and part of Neal’s land, containing one hundred and forty-fix acres, one rood, and three perches, be the fame more or l^fs, fituate, lying, and being in the lordfiiip of Clondalkin, barony of Uppercrofe, and county of Dublin, formerly in leafe to Alexander Henry Steevens ; and alfo all thofe the twenty-frven acres and twenty-fix perches of ground, part of the lands in the lordfhip of Clondalkin aforefaid, lately in the tenure or occupation of Lewis Moore, efquire, Or his under-tenants; all the faid lands and premifTes being the inheritance of the fee of Dublin, excepting fuch parts of the faid premifes as are excepted in and by virtue of the leafe of faid demifed premifes, bearing date the twentieth day of April, one thoufaud feven hundred and ninety-two, made by his grace the mod reverCtid Robert lord archbiihop of Dublin, unto the faid John Godley, at the yearly rent of twenty-two pounds fourteen (hillings, for the term of twenty-one years from the twenty-fifth day of March next preceding ; and alfo all that part and parcel of ground fituate m Black Pitts, Bonny’s-lanc, and Malpas-ftreet, containing ort the fouth in the front from Mr. Weld’s holding »n Boftny's-lane to that comer in Bonny’s-lane afbre-faid, which ends at the Black Pitts, three hundred and fc-vta feet on the weft in front on Block Pitts from the corner of Boaoy’o-lone to the corner of Molpas-ftreet, one hundred and fbrty-feven feet in front in Molpas-ftreet, from the corner of Block PitU to the backfide of the houfe in- New-ftreet, known by the £gn of the mittftonc, three hundred and twenty-one feet, and on the eaft m the fere between Molpas-ftreet and Bonny’odane adjoining the back part of New-ftrect, one hundred and forty-fix fret* be the fame more or lefs, JhcU by tbtuc of* ana under a leafe bearing

date

. *

\

66}

A. D.

1793-Chap. 27

♦

<*

Digitized by

Google

<•

A. D.

1793-Chap. *7

TTht thirty-third Tear of George III.

date the eighth of February, one thousand feven hundred and fifty-feven, made by Chriftopher Malpas, efqoire, to the faid Richard Morgan, for the term of ninety-nine yea fa from the twenty-fifth of March next enfuing, at the yearly rent of twenty-five pounds fterling, and whereon is endorfed a confirmation thereof, bearing date the eleventh day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-feven, with a further grant of faid premifes for the three lives therein named ; and alfo all that and thofe that piece or pared of ground in the ftreet called Kildare-ftreet, containing in breadth in the weft fronting Kildare-ftreet afbrefaid, thirty feet, and in breadth in the rere to the eaft thirty feet, and in depth from front to rere one hundred and fe-▼enty-fix feet, bounded and deferibed as in theleafe of fee-farm grant thereof, bearing date the fifth day of Odober, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-one, made by Edward Nicholfon, efquire, to Richard Morgan the cider, efquire, to hold to him, his heirs and affigns for ever, at the yearly rent of thirty-fix pounds fterling, over and above all taxes, the ground rent therein mentioned, payable to the earl of Kildare, only excepted, and which faid premifes and the fee-farm grant thereof afterwards by mefne affignment became veiled in the faid Richard Morgan the younger ; and alfo all that and thofe that piece or parcel of ground lately in the poftefiion of the faid Richard Morgan, fituate, lying, and being on the north fide of Dorfet-ftreet, in the loidfliip of Saint Mary’s-abbey and county of the city of Dublin, containing in the front to the faid ftreet twenty feet, or thereabouts, in breadth, in the rere the like number of feet, and in depth from front to rere two hundred feet, be the faid premiffes more or lefs, mearing and bounded, and with the liberty of paflage as in the leafe thereof particularly mentioned and dcfciibed, together with the houfe, buildings, and improvements ere&ed thereon, held by the (hid Richard Morgan, by virtue of a leafe thereof made, bearing date the nineteenth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy, and made and executed by Robert Watfon of tb^ city of Dublin, gentleman, unto the faid Richard Morgan, at the yearly rent of thirty-three pounds fterling, from the twenty*fifth of March then laft, for three lives renewable for ever, at a pepper corn fine ; and alfo all that and thofe that houfe ot tenement fituate on the north fide of Kennedy’s lane in the city of Dublin, lately in the pofleffion of Robert Bendy, with the back-boufes and back-yards, and houfes of cafe, and all other the appurtenances thereunto belonging, held by the faid Richard Morgan under, and br virtue of a leafe to him thereof made, bearing date the fifteenth day of January, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-two, by Elizabeth Renouard, widow, unto the faid

Richard

Digitized by

The thirty-third Tear of George IN.

Richard Morgan, at the yearly lent of thirty pounds fter-ling, from the twenty ninth day of September then laft, for the three lives therein named, and from and after the deceafe of the furvivor of faid three lives, then for the remainder of a term of nine hundred and ninety-nine years from the faid twenty-ninth day of September then laft, then to come and unexpiied ; and alfo all that and thoSe two tenement?, fituate on the weft fide of New-ftreet, in the lordfhip of St. Sepulchre's, and county of Publin, part of the eftate of his grace the lord arch-bifhop of Publin, atid held by leafc from William Poole, efquire, to the faid Richard Morgan, with a totieB qnoties daufe of renewal, and tenanted by Mrs. Mary Kathrens and Mr. John Derralfet, with all and fmgular the rights, members, appendancea, and appurtenances thereunto feverally and refpedively belonging (all which faid lands and premifes compofe and conftitute the entire of the landed property which the faid Richard Morgan died feized or poflelfed of, or entitled unto) lhall bp from and after the twenty-fifth day of March in the year of our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, adually veiled in, and (hall be from thenceforth deemed, adjudged, and taken to be veiled in, and they are hereby from and after the faid day laft above mentioned, veiled in the adual feifin and poflelKon of the faid John Godley, his heirs, executors, adminiftrators and ailigns, and the faift truftees herein before named, and their fucceflbrs, for ever % fubjed neverthelefs to the feveral leafes now in being of all or any part of the faid premifes, and to aft and every the juft debts of the faid Richard Morgan, and afo to the feveral annuities, legacies, and bequefts mentioned in his faid will (the devife to the faid truftees only excepred) and fub-jea«l fo to the charges and expences which may attend th^ procuring and palling of this ad, apd which have been incident to and attendant on the management of the whole property fince the death of the faid Richard Morgan, upon fuch trulls neverthelefs, and to fuch ufes and for fuch-purposes as are herein after mentioned, exprelfed, and declared of and concerning the fame, and none other, that is to fay, as to one full moiety or thare of all the ftud eftates real and perfonal of every kind to the ufe of the faid John Godley, nis heirs, executors, adminiftrators and afligns, for ever, fub-je£k neverthelefs to one full moiety, or half of all the jul£ debts of the faid Richard Morgan, and of the feveral annuir ties, legacies and bequefts mentioned in his faid will (the faid devife to the faid truftees always, and for ever excepted) and fubjed alfo to one full moiety or half of the charges and expences which may attend the procuring and palling of this ad, and which have attended the management of the laid eftates and property fince the death of the faid Richar^

Morpp^

Part of the eftates to be fold for paying off debt*, legacies, &c

Purcbafers, to whom conveyances (hall be made by J. Godlcy, and truOces, as herein, to pof-fcl's all fuch lands, Ac. free frem all de-vifes, Lc.

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

Morgan, and as to the other full moiety or half of all the faid eftate* real and perfonml of every kind to the ufe of the faid truftees and their fucceffors for ever, on the fevcral trufls, and to and for the feveral charitable ufes and purpofes mentioned in the laid will of the faid Richard Morgan de-ceafed, but fubjed. nevcrthclefs to one full moiety or half of all the juft debts of the laid Richard, and of the fevcral annuities, legacies, and bequefb mentioned in, and devifed and bequeathed by his laid will, and fubjed alfo to one full moiety or half of all the charges and cxpcnces which may attend the procuring and palling of this ad, and which have been incident to and hate attended the management of the faid eflates and property hnce the death of the faid Richard Morgan.

if. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That fo foon after the laid twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and ninety-three, as the fame can or may be done, the faid John Godlcy, his heirs, executors, adminiflrators and alCgns; and the faid truftee3, and their fucceffors for the time being, or any three or more of them do, and (hall fell and difpofe of by publick fale, ot other-wife, as to them fhall feem moft advantageous, a competent part of the faid eflates. and premifes in them hereby veiled for the purpofe of paying off and difeharging all the jifft debts which the faid Richard Moigan owed at the time of his death, and dill remain unpaid or unfatiafied, together with the feveral pecuniary legacies mentioned in the faid will that dill remain unpaid or unfatisiied, as likewife aO fuch cofls^ charges and expences as (hall or may attend the procuring and palling of this a<ft, and as have been incident to and attendant upon the management of the faid eflates and property fincc tne death of tne faid deceafed, and do, and fhafl make one or more abfolyte conveyance or conveyances of fuch part or parts of the faid lands and pre-mi fes as fhall be fo fold to fuch perfon and per fans as foal become the purchafer or purchasers thereof as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That the perfon or perfons who fhall become the pir-chafer or purcbafers of the faid lands and premifes, or any part thereof upon fuch fale or fales, and fhall thereupon obtain one or more conveyance or conveyances of the part or parts by them fo purchafed from the faid truftces and their fucceffors for the time being, or any three or more of them, and from the faid John Godley, his heirs, executors, adminiflrators or afligns, fhall thereupon, and upon the payment of the confidcration money in fuch conveyance or conveyances mentioned unto the faid truflecs or their fucceffors, or any three or more of them ; and the faid John Godley, his heirs, executors, adminiflrators, or afligns, be

The thirty-third Tear of George III.	66$

by the authority of this a61 deemed, adjudged, and taken A. D. to be the abfolute owner or owners, proprietor or propric- 1793-tors of all fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and Chap. 27. of all fuch eftates and interefts as (hall be fo fold and con-veyed to them, and from thenceforward fhall and may by virtue of this a&, have, hold, pofTefs, and enjoy to them, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators and afligns, for ever, all the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and all the faid eftates and interefts by them fo purchafed, and that free and clear, and abfolutely freed, exonerated, acquitted and difeharged of and from all the devifes of the faid Richard Morgan, without being accountable for any misapplication of the faid purchafe money fo to be paid by them as aforefaid; and that the receipt or receipts of the laid John Godley, his heirs, executors, adminiftrators or afligns, and of the faid truftees, or their fuccefiors, or any three or more of them, endorfed on the faid deed or deeds of fale or conveyance of the lands and premifes hereby veiled to be fold, or of any part or parcel thereof, fhall be a good and fufficient difeharge to the faid purchaser or pur* chafers for all fuch fum and fums of money as fhall be paid to the faid John Godley, his heirs, executors or adminif-trators, or the faid truftees, or their fuccefiors, or any three or more of them.

IV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,	If any unforc-That if at any time hereafter any unforeseen claim or claims,

demand or demands, fhall be fet up and eftablifhed as a after tftablifhed, charge or charges affe&ing all or any part of the aforefaid 1 moiety fhall eftates real or p&rfonal of the faid Richard Morgan, deccafed, bc P*,d I* not paid off or fatisfied out of the money which fhall arife ot^e^by th« by the faid fale or fales herein before authorifed and dired- truftees, out of ed, or otherwife, then and in fuch cafe, and in all fuch the faid eftates. cafes one full moiety of fuch claim, demand, charge or incumbrance, and of all expences attending the fame, fhall be borne and paid by the faid John Godley, his heirs, executors, adminiftrators and afiigns, out of the rents, fifties, and profits, ox by (ale or mortgage of a competent part of that moiety or (hare of the faid eftates real and perfonal fo as aforefaid, veiled in him, and the other moiety, or half of the laid claim, demand, charge or incumbrance, and of aU expences attending the fame, fhall be borne and paid by the faid truftees, and their fuccefiors for the time being, for ever, out of the rents, fifties, and profits, or by fale or>i»u>i*gxge of a competent part of that moiety or fiure of t^e laid eftates fo as aforefaid, veiled in the faid truftees and thek, fucceffors for ever, by virtue of this a£l*

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority afandhad,

Ttet the faid truftees herein before named, and their fuc-

teffors.

Digitized by Tooele

Trufteet, and their fucccffora, for ever incur-j.oratcd> by the name of the truftccs of Morgan** charity fchools.

A publkk

•a.

The thirty-third Tear of George I XL

ceflbrt, fhall for ever hereafter be in name and in fad a body politick and corporate in law for the purpofes in this ad appointed, and (hall have perpetual fucccfiion, and may and (hall fue and be fued, plead and be impleaded by the name of the truftees of Morgan's chanty fchools, in all courts and places of judicature, and (hall and may appoint and .make a common feal or feals for the ufe of the (aid corporation.

VI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft (hall be confidered, deemed, con (trued, taken, and allowed in all courts of juflice in this kingdom, a publkk aft, and taken and allowed as fuch by all judges, and others, without fpecially pleading the fame: referring to the King's mod excellent Majefty, his heirs and fucceffon, and to iQ and every other perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate whatfoever, their heirs, fucceflors, executors and adminiflrators refpeftively, (fave only and except the (aid John Godley, his heirs, executors, adrainiftrators and aA figns, and the faid truftees herein before named, and their {uccefTore for ever) ^1 fuch eflate, right, title, andioterdt, as they or any of them hare or might claim of, in, or to the premifes, or any part thereof, as if this ad had never been made, any thing herein contained to the contiary not* witliftandtng.

CHAPr XXIX,

i

An AS to prevent the EleBion or Appointment of unlanfil Af- ' ' fembbes, wider Pretence of preparing or prefentmg fmk Petition/, or other Addrejfex to Hit Majefty, or the Parliament.	^.

Preamble, TXTHEREAS the ekftion or appointment of affcm-V V blies, purporting to reprefent the people, or any description or number of the people of this realm, under pretence of preparing or prtfenting petitions, complaints* remon(Iranees, and declarations, and other ^ddreffes to the King, or to both or either houfes of parliament, for alteration of matters eftabliflied by law, or redrefs of all.ged | grievances in church and (late, may be made ufe of to ferve j the ends of faftious and feditious perfons, to the violation of the public peace, and the great and manifeft encouragement ! of riot, tumult, and diforder, be it declared and ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the id-vice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament afTembled, and by the authority of

the

The thirty-third Tear rf George 1IL	667

the fame, That all affemblies, committees, or other bodies A. D.

of perfons eleded, or in any other manner conftituted or 1793.

appointed to reprefent, or affuming or cxercifing a right or Chap 29.

authority to reprefent the people of this realm, or any nunT-

ber or defeription of the people of the fame, or the people a,l aflembhes,

of any province, county, city, town, or other diftrid within	here-*

the fame, under pretence of petitioning for, or in any other \m? irc unlaw-

manner procuring an alteration of matters eftablifhed by law ful affcmhlies.

in church or ftate, fave and except the knights, citizens,

and burgefies eleded to ferve in the parliament thereof, and

fave and except the houfes of convocation duly fummoned

by the King’s writ, are unlawful afTcmblies; and it {hall

and may be lawful for atiy mayor, {heriff, juftice of the

peace, or other peace officer, and they are hereby refpec-

tively authorifed and required, within his and their refpec-

tive jurifdidions, to difperfe all fuch unlawful affemblies,

and if refitted to enter into the fame, and to apprehend all

perfons offending in that behalf.

II.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon fhall Perfon* gir-

give or publifh, or caufe or procure to be given or publitti- jng or publift.

ed, any written or other notice of eledion to be holden, or ,7gJ,.otKer°/t^?

f m	c	c	1*	tltvi ion of luch

of any manner of appointment of any perfon or perfon9 to representatives,

be the reprefen tative or reprefen tat ives, delegate or dele- guilty of mif-

gates, or to ad by any other name or defeription whatever, demeanor.

as reprefentative or reprefentatives, delegate or delegates of

the inhabitants, or of any defeription of the inhabitants of

any province, county, city, town, or other diftrid within.

this Kingdom, at any fuch afTembly 5 or if any perfon fhall

attend and vote at fuch eledion or appointment, or by any

other means vote or ad in the choice or appointment of fuch

reprefentatives or delegates, or other perfons to ad as fuch,

every perfon who (hall be guilty of any of the faid offences

refpedively, being thereof convided by due courfe of law,

ffiTall be deemed guilty of an high mifdemeano|^^

III.	Provided always, That nothing hl^Sbcontained NottoaffcA {hall extend dr beconftrued tq extend to or affed eledions to

be made by bodies corporate* according to the charters and ratc^# corP°~ ufage of fuch bodies corporate refpedively.

IV.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained fhall be Not to pre-conflrucd in any manner to prevent or impede the undoubted VCBt

right of his Majetty’s fubjeds of this, realm to petition his Majdty)*or Majetty, or both houfes, or either houfe of parliament, for parliament, redrefs of any public or private grievance.

CHAP.



Digitized by LjOOQ le

663

A. D. *793-

The thirty-third Year ef George III.

/

CHAP. XXX.

An AS more effeSuafly to prevent, during the prefent War between Great Britain and France, all traitorous Cerrtf ftondence with, or Aid, or AJfjlance beinggiven to His Mm* jefly*s Enemies,

Preamble. TITHEREAS it is expedient more effectually to pie.

V V ▼cat traitorous coirefpondcnce with, or aid, or af-fi&ance being given to His Mtjcfty’s enemies during the cod. tmuanoe of the prefent war between Great Britain and France j be it declared and ena&ed by the King's moft excellent Ma-jetty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fptritto! and temporal, aud commons in this prefent parliament if. penalty on per- fembled, and by the authbrky of the fame. That during tom in Ireland, the continuance of the prefent war between Great Britain with^HDce,	*nd France, if any perfon itfidiog, enr being in Ireland,

fending any	(hall knowingly and wilfully on his own account or credit,

fupphe* f<x uie or on the account or credit, of by the direction of any other of french go.	p^rfon or perfons whom foe ver, or wherefoever refident or

▼eminent.	being, fell, fupply, or deliver or fend for the purpofe of being

fold, fupplied, or delivered, or agree to fed, fupply, nr deliver, or fend to, for the pttrpofe of being fold, fupplied, or delivered, or (hall .knowingly and wilfuSy cither on hb own account or credit, or oh the account or credit, or by the dire&ioa of any other perfon or perfons whomfoevcT, or wherefbever refident or being, caufe or procure to be fold, AippHed, or delivered, orfent for the purpofe of being fold, fupplied, delivered or font, or anthorife. or diredt any other perfon wbomfoever, or wherefoever refident or being, to fell, fupply, or deliver or fend for tbe purpofe of being fold,

Sied, or delivered, or (hall knowingly and wilfully aid or in fo felling, fupplying, or delivering, or fending for the purpofe of being fo fold, fupplied, or delivered, or in fo authorifing or directing any other perfon wbomfoever, or wherefoever refident or being, to fell, fupply, or deliver, or to fend for the pmpofe of being fold, fupplied, or delivered to, or for the ule of the perfons now exercifiog, or who may hereafter during the (aid war, exercife the powers of government in France, or to, or for the ufe of any armies, troops, fleets, (hips or veflels employed, or to be employed by the perfons exercifing, or who (hall exercifc fuch powers of government as aforelaid, or to, or for the ufe of any perfons or perfon redding or being within any of the dominions of France, or any town, territory, port, or place annexed to Fiance, or under the government of the perfons

cxerdfing.

Digitized by

Google

Thi thirty-third Tear if George III.

cxercifing, or who (hall exereife as aforefaid the powers of government in France ; or if any perfon refiding or being la Ireland, fhaD knowingly and wilfully, during the faid war, buy, or procure, or contraft or agree to buy, or procure, qr caufe to be brought or procured, or ^uthorife or dire ft any other perfon or perfons whomsoever, or wherefo-evor refiding or being, to buy or procure, or contraft or agree to buy or procure, or /hall knowingly and wilfully aid or aflift in buying or procuring, or authoring or di-refting to be bopght or procured as aforefaid, for the pur-pofe of being fent into any port or place within the dominions of France, or annexed thereto, or under the government of the perfons exercifing, or who (hall cxercife as aforefaid the powers of government in France, any arms, ordnance, ordnance (lores, powder, bullets, pitch, tar, hemp, mads, timber, fail-cloth, cordage, coals, or fait petre, or any iron, lead, or copper, whether fuch iron, head, or copper (hall be wrought or unwrought, except cutlery ware, not being of the description of arms of any ■ fort, and buttons, buckles, needles, japanned wares, toys, and trinkets alfo excepted, or any naval or military (lores whatfoever, or any note or biff, notes or biHs of the governor and company of the hank of England, or the bank of Ireland, or any gold or filver bullion, or any gold or Over coin, either bemg coin current in this kingdom, or the coin of any other country, or any hay, draw, or forage, or any wheat, wheat-dour, barley, barley-dour, maize, rice ground or unground, oats ground or unground, meal, com, grain, peas, beans, potatoes, or any provisions freflt or Salted, or any other provifions or viftuab whatfoever, or any clothing, or any articles or materiala of clothing intended for the ufe of any fuch armies, troops, fleets, (hips or vefiels as aforefaid, fuch perfons knowing the fame to be fo intended, or any fadlery, boots, or (hoes, or any leather wrought or unwrought, without licenfc from the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland under his or their bands, or by order in council, or by pro-r clamation firit had and ohtained, fpecifying the articles with refpeft to which the fame (hall be had and obtained, and alfo the place and places from which, and to which the faid articles (haH be fent, every perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully convifted or attainted, (hall be deemed, declared, and adjudged to be a traitor, and (hat) fuffer the pains of death, and alfo lofe and forfeit as in cafes of high treafon.

II.	Provided always. That nothing herein before contained, (hall extend, or be conftrued Jo extend to fubjeft to any pains or penalties, any perfon for any aft which (hall be

done

669

A. D.

1793-Chap* 3©.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Not to extend to dilpofal of produce of trance, dec.

Perfons agree*

The thirty-third Teetr of George III. '

done in difpofing of any articles the growth or prod ace of any lands in France, or in any of the places aforcfaid to which fuch perfon (hall be entitled at the time of paffing this ad, or which (hall afterwards come to fuch perfon by any other title than fuch as herein after by this ad is prohibited, or to any ad which (hall be done in difpofing of any of the articles herein before fpccified, which at the time of palling this ad were in France, or in any of the places aforcfaid.

ill. And be it further enaded by the authority aforeCud, ing to buy lauds. That if any perfon redding, or being in Ireland daring the &c. in France, continuance of the faid war, (hall knowingly and wilfully in his own name, or in the name or names of any other or others, buy, or enter into any contrad or agreement to buy* or authorife or dired, or caufe any perfon or perfoni whom-•	foever,	or	wherefoever	refident or being, to buy ot contrad,

or agree to buy any lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, or real or immoveable property whatsoever, fitoate, lying, or being within the dominions of France in Europe, or in any territory or place in Europe annexed to France, or under the government of {he perfons exercifing, or who (hill exercifc the powers of government in France during the time fuch territory or place (hall be fo annexed, or under fucb government, or any eftate in any fuch lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, or real or immoveable property whatfoever, or (hall lend or advance, or authorife or dired, or caufe or procure any other perfon or perfons wbomfoever, or wherefoever refident or being, to lend or advance any money, coin, bullion, notes of the bank of England, qy ^ the bank of Ireland, or bills of Exchange, or other notes or bills, or other valuable thing of any nature or kind ever, for, towards, or on account of the buying of any fuch lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, or real or immoveable property whatfoever, or any eftate therein, or by way of loan. Or otherwife on the fpecific fecurity of any fuch lands, tenements^ or hereditaments, or real or immoveable property as aforefaid, or any eftate therein, or for, or towards, or on account of the buying of any fuch fecurity or eftate, or (hall be aiding or ailifting in fo buying as aforefiiid, or in making, authorifing, or direding.

or siding, deemed traitors.

or caufing to be made any fuch buying, coptrad, agreement, advancement, or loan as aforcfaid, every fuch perfon fo offending as aforefaid, being thereof convided or attainted by due courfe of law, (hall be*deemed, declared, and adjudged to be a traitor, and (hall fuffer pains of death, and alto lofe and forfeit as in cafes of high treafon ; and if any perfon being a fubjed of his Majeffy, and out of his Majcfty’s dominions, (hall in any fuch manner as aforcfaid, make or

authorife,

Digitized

Google.

* The thirty-third Ytaf a/* George III.

authorife, dircdl, procure, or caufc to be made any fuch buying, contract, agreement, loan, or advancement as aforefaid, or (hall aid or alM therein, and /hall afterwards voluntarily return or come to this kingdom, every fuch per-fon fo returning, or coming to this kingdom, being thereof convi&ed or attainted by due courfe of law, (hall be deemed, declared, and adjudged to be a traitor, and (hall fuffer pains of death, and alio lofe and forfeit as in cafes of high treafon.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforC-faid. That if any perfon being a fubjedl of his Majeily, ^hark for (hall, during the continuance of the faid war, without li-ccnfe from his Majefty, under his fign manual, or by order imprifoned 6 in council, or proclamation firH had and obtained, (fuch li- months, cenfe to be fubjedt to no fee or charge whatfoever, voluntarily go, or repair, or embark in any veffel with an intent to go or repair from any place in Ireland into France, or any town or place annexed to France, or under the government of the perfons exerg'fing, or who (hall exercife the

Sowers of government. in France, or having obtained fifeh cenfe as aforefaid, (hall willingly abide in France, or any fuch town or place as aforefaid, after the time which (hall be fpecified in fuch licenfe, if the fame (hall be granted for a limited time only, or (hall voluntarily go, or repair to any town, place, ordiftridtin France, or annexed to, or under the government of the perfons exercifing, or who (hal| exercife the powers of government in France, other than fuch towns, places, or diftri&s, as (hall be fpecified in fuch licenfe, if any fuch town, place, or diftridt (hall be fpecified therein, every perfon fo offending, and being thereof eon-▼idled, (ball be adjudged to be imprifoned« and (hall be imprifoned for any time not exceeding fix months.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Perfon* re-That during the continuance of the faid war, if any perfon {^^om^ho refiding, or being in this kingdom, (hall knowingly and infjre°i?ench0 wilfully infure, or caufe, er procure to be infured, or aid (hips, &c. or aflift in jnfuring, or caufing or procuring to be infured; imprifoned $ •r authorife or diredl any perfon or perfons whomfoever or wherefoever refident or being, to infure, or caufe or procure to be infured any (hip or (hips, goods, wares, or commodities whatfoever, belonging to any fubjedfc or fubjedh in France, or to any perfon or perfons under the government of the perfons exercifing the powers of government in France,	*

on any voyage whatfoever, or any aims, ordnance, ordnance (lores, powder, bullets, pitch, tar, hemp, mafts, timber, fail-doth, cordage, coals, or falt-petre, or any iron, lead, or copper, whether fuch iron, lead, or copper (hall he wrought or uuwrought, except cutlery ware, not being of

Subje&s who

Digitized by

The thirty-third Tear ef George TIL

A. D.

1793-v Chip. 30.

Juftices or barons njay admit to bail.

Offences committed out of this realm may be tried in any county.

Not to extend to alts done in his Ma-jeftys Service.

the deferiptton of ,arms of any fort, and buttons, buckles, needles, japanned wares, toys and trinkets, aHb exoeptad, or any naval or military (tores whatfoerer, or any gold or fiber bullion, or any gold or (User coin of this kingdom, or of any other country, or any hay, ft raw, or forage, or any wheat, wheat-flour, barley, barley-flour, meize, rice ground or unground, oats ground or unground, meal, corn, grain, peas, beans, potatoes, or any other provifioos frefli or failed, or other provifions or viftuals whatfoever, or any fad-lery, boots or (hoes, or leather wrought or unwrought, on any voyage from any part of the world to any port or place in France, or any port or place annexed to France, or under the government of the perfons exerciftng, or who fhall exercife the powers of government in France, not only fuch infurance fhafl be null and void to all intents and purpofes, but alfo every perfon fo offending, being thereof convifted, fhall be adjudged to be imprifoned, and Audi be rmprifoned for any time not exceeding three months.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforeftid, That in cafe any perfon fhall be committed for any offence agamft this &&, to any common gaol, or other place, there to remain until delivered by due coorfe of law, it fhall and may be lawful for any of the jufticcs of his Majefty's courts at Dublin, or for any of the barons of the exchequer, if upon application made he (hall think it reafonoble, to admit fuch peiifon to bail, be or (he giving Security for his or her appearance, to anfwer the matters wherewith he or (he may be charged.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That any offence againft this aft committed out of this rerim, may be aUedgcd, and laid, enquired of, and tried in any county of this realm, and that ril and every’ perfon or perfons that (hall at any time be aceufed, or tndtded, or profeexted for any offence made or declared to be treafon by this ad, (hall be entitled to the benefit of aa ad of parliament made in the fifth year of hit prefent Majefty, entitled, 'An oB for the better regulating of trials in cafes of high trea-yen, under theftatute of the twentyftftb of Edward the third

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to any aft which (hail be done in his M&jefty’s Service 'by any perfon or perfons who fliatl be employed therein, or' to any aft which (hall be done in aiding or affifting any fuch perfon or perfons whiht fo employed.

IX.	And be k further enafted, That this aft (hall trike place and have comroencexieut on the fecund day of July, one thou Sand Seven hundred and ninety-three, as to ril aft* which fhall be done by any perfon whomsoever indbit kto£*

do5.

Digitized by LjOOQle

The thirty-third Tear of George JII.

dom, or which (hall be done in any parts out of this kingdom, by any perfon who (hall have been in this kingdom at any time after the firft day of June, ope thoufand fcven hundred and ninety-three, and during the continuance of this md, and (hall take place and have commencement on the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, as to all ads which (hall be done in any part of Europe, other than Ireland, by any perfon who (hall, not have been in Ireland between the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and the firft day of Auguit, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and (hall take place and have commencement on the firft day of Odober, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, as to all ads which (hall be done in any parts of the world out of Europe, and not beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any perfon who (hall not have been in Ireland between the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and (hall take place and have commencement on the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, as to all ads which (hall have been done in any parts of the world beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any perfon who (hall not have been in Ireland between the firft; day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to repeal, vary, or alter this ad, or any daufe, matter, or thing therein contained, during this pre-ftnt feifion of parliament.

To commence on 2d July,

1795, as to ads~ done in this kingdom, or out of it by perfon s who were in it finco 1 ft June, 1793, as herein*

This aft may be repealed this Xcffion.

CHAP. XXXI.

An AS for regulating the Trade ef Ireland\ to and from the,

Eaji Indies, under certain Conditions and Provifions9 for a Time therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an ad palled in the parliament of Preamble, Great Britain, entitled. An adt for continuing in rcciul Briulh the Eaji India company for a further termy the poffejfton of the aft}

Britijh territories in Indiaf together with their exclufive trade under certain limitations, for efabhjhing further regulations for the government of the faid territories, and the better admU nfration of ju/lice within the fame9 for appropriating to certain ufes the revenues and profts of thefaid mmpany, and for making provifion for the good order and government of the towns of Vol. IX.	U u	Calcutta

jr

Tbt thirty-third	of George III.

A. D.	Caktdti,Madras and Bombay, the united cotnpany of met*

1793. chant* of England, trading to the Eaft Indies have obtain. fcha'p. jT. eda prolongation of their term and intereft in their whole, foie, and exclufive trade to the fame Eaft Indies and other con\. parts, within the limits deferibedby their charter from King: William the thirds ubder certain limitations and reflriftions, longiduh for for the term of twenty years, from the firft day of March, ao from ’one thoufand feven hundred and ninfety-four, fubjeft to be vft.Mar. 1794, determined at or after that period, on three ycart notice to 4	be given by the parliament of Great Britain for that pur-

pofe t and whereas the confirming by an aft of the legtfia-ture of thi*3 kingdom, the exclusive privileges of the fakl company, upon the terms, and fubjeft to the feveral limitations, provisions, regulations, and conditions in and by this aft made, eSprcfled, enafted, or provided, will conduce to the ftrength and wealth of the Briti(h empire, fo efTential to the advancement of the trade and profperity of this kingdom ; and it is therefore expedient that the faid privileges ftfoold be confirmed accordingly, may it therefore pleafe yOor Majefty that it may be enafted, and be it enafted bj the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the adrict and conlent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-niork in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from henceforth, for and during the further tent granted by the faid recited aft, to the faid company, in their faid exclufive trade, or for fo much oi tHe faid terrti as his Mujefty's fubjtfds of this kingdom ftiall have, hold, and enjoy, the fevtral privileges, benefits, anti advantages of tlradft according to the provifions and regulations, and fubjeft to the conditions and reflriftions in this aft exprefled, contained, or fpecified, and the true intent and meaning of the fame, and not otherwife, the whole, folc, and exclufive trade and traffic, and the only liberty, ufe, and privilege of trading, trafficking, aud excrcifing the trade or bulincfs of merchandize into and from the Eaft Indies, and into and from all tlie iflands, pons, havens, coafts, cities, towns and places between the Cape of Good Hope, and the Straits of Magellan, and irrnit£ in the afofefaid charter granted to the laid company by his late Majefty \frilliam the tfiird, on the fifth day of December, in the tenth year of hi£ reigr^ in as ample and beneficial manner,

* as the laid company could thereby, or otherwife lawfully trade thereto, fubjeft as afcrefaid, (hall and may be had, ufcd, and enjoyedj aud be continued to be lyid, ufed, and enjoyed, by the ftiid company and their fucccffors; and that the faid Eaft Indies, or the illands, ports, havens, coafts, cities, towns, and places within the limits aforefaid, or any of them! (hall not from henceforth at any time during the

continuance

*The thirty-third Teatr of George III.

continuance of this adt, be repaired* failed to, vifited, frequented, or Haunted by any of his Majefty’s fubjedts, of or belonging to this kingdom, otherwife than as is by this adt in that behalf provided, under the feveral pains and penalties hereby impofed, or to be incurred in refpedt thereof 5 and that all and lingular the powers, benefits, advantages, privileges, franchifes, abilities, capacities, authorities, rights, provifions, matters and things whatfoever, to the faid company belonging, or vetted in them, for the better or more effedtually fettling and fecuring to them and their fuccelTors, the whole, foie, and exclufive trade to and from the Eaft Indies, and other parts within the limits afdrefaid, and for preventing any trade or traffic into or from the fame, contrary to the faid charter, (hall bv force and virtue of this a&, and during the continuance of the fame, be accepted* ufed, obferved, and executed in this kingdom, and be binding upon all his Majefty’* fubjedts, of or belonging to thia his realm of Ireland.

II.	Provided always, That during the continuance of the laid exclufive trade in the faid Company, fubje& as aforefaid, Mjjdty’sfubi it (ball and may be lawful for any of his Majefty's fubjc&s company's^ to export on their own proper rifquc and account, in the (hips freighted (hips of the faid company, or in (hips freighted by the faid at Cork, &c. company, from the port of Cork, or to any of the ports or

places ufually vifited by (hips in the fervice of the faid company, on the feveral coafts of Malabar and Coromandel, or in the bay of Bengal in the Eaft Indies, bn the ifland of Sumatra, any goods, wares, or merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufa&ure of his Majefty’s dominions in Europe, fave and except as 1*6 herein after otherwife fpecially provided.

III.	Provided neverthelefs* and be it ena&ed, That during	toexpoft

the continuance of this a&, it (hall not be lawful for any of military {lores, his Majdly’s fubjecls, of or belonging to this kingdom, uri- without a lefs by the fpecial leave and licenfe in writing for that pur- heenfe.

pofe obtained from the faid company, to export, fiiip, or carry out from this kingdom, to the Eaft Indies, or other parts within the limits of the faid exclufive trade, any military ftares, ammunition, malls, fpars, cordage, anchors, pitch, tar, or copper, except as is herein after provided.

IV.	Provided always, That if under any provifions or re- If the export guiations made, or to be hereafter made by the faid com- ^bkU^en to pany, or by his Majefty, his heirs or fucccfibrs, or by any j^aivUluals in G. perfons deriving authority from his Majefty, his heirs or fuc- Br t in, it (h til ccffors, or by any provifions made, or to be made by the be the fame in parliament of Great Britain, or under their authority, the Irclan^* export trade to the Eaft Indies, of or in military (lores, ammunition, mails, {pars* cotdage, anchors, pitch, tar, or

U u 2	copper,

Any of his

Digitized by Google

676

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

A. D.

•793-

Chap. 31.

Not to pro-IGut the CX-pO? .atlon of malts., &c.4

Not to pre-vn < exportation « f iupper, by

l.iCuiid,

ftco t«.rs of t* poinjjr to be 1 «■ v1ur• J Verily

O; iy., pit!?;.

copper, or of any of them, (hall, during the continuance of this a6l, be in part, or in the whole, laid open to, or be permitted to be enjoyed or carried on by individuals in Great Britain, that then and in fuch cafe, the trade therein, or in fo many of the faid articles as (hall be fo permitted to be carried on by individuals in private trade in Great Britain, (hall be alfo laid open to, and be permitted to be enjoyed by his Majefty’s fubjedh in Ireland, to the fame extent, and in the like manner, and under the like incumbrances or benefits of duties, or bounties, regulations and conditions, as (hall be enjoyed or permitted to be carried on by individuals in Great Britain, and not otherwise, nor in any other manner.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&cd. That nothing herein contained (hall extend to prohibit the exportation of mads, fpars, cordage, anchors, pitch and tar, from this kingdom, by any individual in the (hips of the faid company, or employed in their fcrvice, under fuch orders and regulations to be made by the board of commiflioners for the affairs of India, as they are empowered to make in this behalf, by the faid herein before recited ad, upon any representation made to the faid board, by any Britifh or Iri(h manufa&u-rer8, of any failure or default in the faid company of exporting any of the faid articles, to a fufficicnt and reafona-ble extent, in quantity or value.

VI.	FYovided alfo, and be it enabled, that nothing herein contained (hall exteud to prohibit the exportation of copper from this kingdom, in the (hips of the (aid company, or employed in their fcrvice, by any individual who (hall be li-cenfcd to export the fame, by the commiflioners for the affairs of India, who are hereby empowered to licenfe individuals to export the fame, to fuch rc-fonable extent in quantity and value, as they (hall deem expedient, fuch copper to he exported in (hips to be provided by the faid company; and in cafe the faid commiflioners (hall grant fuch licenfes as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the tonnage to be provided by the faid company for the export of the quantity of copper comprized in fuch licenfes, (hall not be confidered to be a part of the tonnage herein after mentioned to be provided by the faid company.

Vi I. Provided alfo, That the faid company do in the proper fcafon of every year, provide and appropriate eight hundred tons of (hipping at the leaff, for the fpecific pur-pofes of catrying from the port of Cork to the Eaft Indies, fuel: goods, wares, and merchandizes, as may be lawfully exported by individuals refident in this kingdom, and for bringing back from thcncc to Great Britain, as well the re*

turm

Google

-J

\

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

677'

tarns of the fame, as likewife the goods of other perfons A. D. entitled to trade therein.	*	1793

VIII Provided always, That if the faid quantity of ton- Chap. 31. nage (hall be found infufficient for the carriage from the port ^ v ^ of Cork to the Eaft Indies, of fuch goods, wares, and mer-chandize, as may be lawfully exported from thence to the t0 dircaion» Eaft Indies, and for bringing back from thence to Great from commit-Britain, as well the returns for the fame, as likewife the koncrs-goods of other pfcrfons entitled to export the fame into Great Britain, by virtue of the faid recited aft, or (hall be found to be more than fufficient for the carriage of fuch private trade, export or import, the faid company (hall, from time to time, find and provide fuch an additional quantity of tonnage, or leffen the quantity of tonnage to be provided for the carriage of the faid private trade, as the faid board of commifiioners for the affairs of India fhall, upon any reprefen tation made to them, order and direft; and that for the more convenient carriage of fuch goods and commodities of Ireland to the Eaft Indies, to be exported in private trade, the faid united company do caufe one or more of their outward bound (hips to touch at the port of Cork, between the month of Oftober, and the month of* February irt every year, for the purpofe of receiving on board the goods and commodities aforefaid, of and belonging to his Majefty^. fubjefts in Ireland, in private trade, to the extent of eight hundred tons burthen as aforefaid, in the whole, and provided that the tonnage of fuch (hip or fhips, or fo much thereof as (hall be required, by notices to be given in the manner, and upon the conditions herein after expreffed, fhall be fet apart for fuch private trade accordingly ; and the faid goods and commodities which (hall be taken on board* the faid (hip or fhips in private trade, fhall not be again un-fhipped, until the delivery thereof at Bombay, Madras, or Calcutta, according to the deftinations of the fame refpec-tively, unlefs in cafes of abfolute neceflity, the proof of which neceflity fhall lie upon the matters and commanders, or other officers having the chief command of fuch fhij>, or fhips*.

IX* Provided always, and be it enafted, That no per*. Notice in.

Ion in this kingdom fhall be entitled to fhare or participate writing of in the tonnage of fuch fhip or fhips, unlefs he or they fhall; <luant,ty °f before the firft day of Auguft in each year, next preceding qu^reTbjTeach the time hereby appointed for fuch fhip or fhips to arrive at perform to he the port of Cork as aforefaid, give notice in writing to the delivered to chief commiflioner8 of his Majefty’s revenue in this king- £cfbrtMftCop dom, of the quantity of tonnage by him or them required Aug in cach^ refpeftively, which notice the faid commiflioners are hereby year, required to tranfmit to^the chief fecretary. of the faid com-

PW

Digitized by

Google

6]$	The	thirty-third Year of George III.

A. D. paiy, on or before the firft of September following; nor 1793.	uulefs the pcrfon or perfons giving fuch notice as afore-

Chap. 31.	laid, (hall, on or before the firftday of O&ober next after

>. the delivery of fuch notice, depofite or pay to the faid company, at their office in London, the amount of the freight for the carriage of the goods and commodities according to the quantity of tonnage by him or them refpe&ively required asaforefaid, or other wife fecurc the payment thereof, toth£ fatisfa&ion of the faid company, and alfo on Or before the firft day of O&ober, furni/h and deliver to the chief fecre-tary of the faid company, lifts of the federal forU and quantities of goods intended to be (hipped at the faid port, and the time when fuch goods will be ready to be pul on board, and the place and places of their deftination in India, and the pamc and place of abode of fome agent in London, authorised to a& for him or thenr; and if more tonnage at the port of Cork (ball be required or demanded by his Majelly's lub-jc&s in thi^ kingdom, in any one year, than eight hundred tons, the diie6ois of the faid company (hall and may dif-fribute amongft the perfons who (hall hare given fuch notices, and complied with the conditions afore faid, the whole quantity of tonnage in proportion to the quantities by them refpe&ively required by foeh notice, whereof a notice iti Writing fhall be given to the faid perfons, or their refpc&ive agents by them named and employed in their faid concerns asaforefaid, on or before the fifteenth day of September; and that no greater or other rate of freight for the carriage of the faid goods and commodities from the faid port of Cork, (hall be demanded or charged, than (hall by law be x then payable by private traders in Great Britain^ for the freight of goods (hipped for India in the port of London, lave only and except in the event of any detention of the faid (hip or (hips, as is herein after provided for; and that if any of the perfons requiring part of the tonnage of fuch (}iip or (hips, lhail make failure of providing his goods and commodities to be ready to be (hipped at the faid port, within the fpace of ten days next after the day of the arrival of' fuch (hip or (hips refpe&ively, in the faid port of Cork, the depofite made, or fecurity given to the faid company for the faid freightage, and alfo the torinage which the perfon or perfons making fuch default, was or were entitled unto, fhall be forfeited to the faid company.

On requifitlon ■ X. Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further en-to matters and a&ed, That if any* perfon or perfons who (hall not have deSin^n de-t0 Prov^e<^ his or their faid goods or commodities within the murrage, &c. t*me hereby limited for that purpofc, (hall make requifition to the mailer or matters, and commander or commanders of fuch fhip or (hip8, and delire to detain the fame on demurs

"	,	-	rage,

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty-third Tear of GeoigC III.

rage, at his or their own proper charge; and if tl^e fay) matter or matters, and commander or commanders, ^nct the faid company’s agent, fhall concur in qpinion that the detaining of fuch /hip or (hips will not btf injurious to the faid company, or to any of the owners of the private trade goods laden therein ; and if the perfon or perfon* making fuch re-quifition, (hall depoftte or pay the full demurrage for the detention of fuch fhip or (hips, into the hands of the fajd mafter or mailers, and commander or commanders, or of fuch agent at the faid port of Cork, as the faid company* fhall appoint for that purpofe, or authorife to receive the fame, and upon the conditions aforefaid, and not otherwise, it (hall be lawful for the faid mafter or mafters, and corp-mander or comnianders, to wait a further time at the faid port, not exceeding the fpace of fourteen days, for receiving on board the goods and commodities of the perfon or perfons fo entitled to tonnage, and making fuch requifition as aforefaid.

XI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That in eaf$ the faid company fhall eftablifh at the faid port of Cork, an agent for regiftering private trade goods in bpoks to be kept for the ufe of the faid company, no fuch goods fhal] be put on board any fhip to be provided by the faid company at the port of Cork, unlefs fuch goods fhall be duly regifteted in fuch books; in which regiftry fhall.be deferibed the marks and numbers of each bale or package of goods fo fhipped, and the amount of the tonnage of aU the goods fhipped by each merchant and manufacturer ; and an order or licenfe in writing fhall be given under the hand of the faid agent, for the fhipping of fuch goods ; and all goods which fhall be fhipped at the Faid port of Cork, (not being the proper goods of the faid company), without being fo regiftered* fhall be deemed as goods illicitly fhipped, and fuch goods fhall be fubjedl to fuch feizure and forfeiture, and the owners, fhippers, and agents concerned therein, to fuch forfeitures and penalties as may be incurred under the provifi-ons of this adi, for illicitly trading or trafficking to, in, or from the Ealt Indies, ot parts aforefaid.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That aU perfons in this kingdom intending to export any goods from any port or place in the Eaft Indies, to Great Britain, pur-fuant to the provifions of the faid recited adt, fhall by his known agent or fadtor, fignify the fame by notice in writing to the chief fecretary of the prefidency in India, wherein the fame are to be fhipped, or to fuch perfons as fhall be fpe-cially authorifed to receive the fame by the refpe&ive governments abroad, within fuch reafonable and convenient time, as fhall be limited by the faid reflective government#

for

If company efhlblifti atr ' agent at Cork, no goods eo h| put on board,

unlelsycgifterc4 with Him^ jftm

Perfons in this kingdom to fignify to fecretary in India, the forts and quantities of goods tO be exported to G. Brit. See.

Digitized by

A. D. ,793-

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

Chap. jr.

for that purpofe, in which notice (hall be fpecified the fort* and quantities of goods intended to be (hipped, the quantity of tonnage required, and the period when the goods will be ready to be put on board; and that every fuch perfon giving fuch notice, (hall make a depofite at the treafury of fuch prefidency or fettlement refpedively, of the whole amount of the freight, according to the rate then payable by private traders in Great Britain, upon the quantity of tonnage fpecified in the faid notice, or other wife give fuch reasonable fecurity for the payment thereof in Great Britain, and the due performance of his engagements in that behalf, as the faid refpedive governments fhall require ; and if any of the perfons giving fuch notice, (hall not provide his or their goods to be (hipped within the time or times therein fpecifi-ed for that purpofe, their depofites made, or fecurities giveh for the freight, together with the tonnage required by fuch notice, (hall be forfeited to the'(aid company.

* XIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded,That during the continuance of this ad, no (hip or veffel (hall be pennit-this kingdom to ted or allowed to clear out from any port or place in tbit linms^f com^n klng^om* ^or any t^lc countries or ports within the limits of the exclufive trade of the faid company, but fuch as (hall belong to, or be employed by the faid company, or (hall be licenfed thereto, in manner herein afteT piovided; and that no goods, wares, or merchandizes of the growth, produd, or manufadure of the faid countries or ports, exported from thence, (hall be permitted or allowed to be carried to, or imported into, or landed in this kingdom, but fuch only as (hall be truly and without fraud, laden and (hipped at the port of London, in Britifh or Irifh (hips, navigated according to law, under the penalty of forfeiture of every fuch (hip or veflel which (hall fail from this kingdom, or attempt fo to do, for any of the faid countries or parts as (hall come into any port in this kingdom, contrary to the provifions of this ad, together with the goods, tackle, and furniture, laden on board of, or belonging to the fame, and alfo of all and every the goods, wares, or merchandizes which (hall be fo unlawfully exported from, or imported into, or landed in this kingdom, contrary to this ad, and to the true intent and meaning thereof; and that every fuch (hip or veffel, goods and commodities fo forfeited, (hall and jnay be feized, and the fame, or the value thereof rcfpcc-tively, (hall and may be fued for and recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts in this kingdom, or in any court of competent jurifdidion in the Eail Indies, by bill, plaint or information, wherein no effoign, protedion, or wager oflaw fhall be allowed, nor more than one imparlance, one moiety cf which forfeiture (hall be to the ufe of the fpid company,

and

. No veflel to clear out from

. pany'g exclufive * trade, hut belonging to, or licenfed by them.

Digitized by ^.ooQle

The thirty-third Tear of George IIL	68	x

and the other moiety to him or them who fhall feize or fue	A. D.

for the fame; and if any officer or officers of the cuftoms	f 793.

or revenues in this kingdom, fhall willingly or knowingly Chap. 31. connive at, fuffer, or permit any (hip or veflel as aforefaid, to fail from, or quit any port in this kingdom, fok* the pur-pofes aforefaid, or any fuch goods or commodities as aforefaid, to be fraudulently imported or landed in this kingdom, contrary to the dire&ions and provifions of this ad; or if any fuch officer or officers fhall feize any fuch Ihip or veflel, or any fuch goods or commodities, and fhall by fraud or col-lufion defill from, or delay the profecution thereof to condemnation, he or they fo conniving, fuffering, or permitting or defifting, or delaying, fhall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be fued for and recovered in the manner	1

laft aforefaid, one moiety whereof fhall belong to the faid company, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall fue for the fame; and fuch officer or officers being con-vi&ed of the faid offence or offences, fhall be rendered incapable of holding any ol^ce or employment in this kingdom, under his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceffors.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaCledi That no- Nottopre-

thing herein contained fhall extend to prohibit the importing ***** the impor-or landing in this kingdom, of any dye fluffs, cotton wool, or	*

other wool, and fpiccries brought or imported from the con- &c £c ** tinent of Europe, or any other foreign country, which may

by any law now in being, be imported from the faid continent, or other foreign country into this kingdom.

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That all £	***

goods, wares, and merchandizes, of the growth, pro^u^> jroods exported or manufacture of the Eafl Indies, or other parts within the from Ireland to limits of the charter of the faid company, which have been, B. plantation*, or fhall at any time or times hereafter, undty* the provifions

of this ad, be imported into this kingdom, and fhall be exported from thence, to any Britifh plantation in America or the Weft Indies, or any Britifh fettlement on the coafl of Africa, fhall draw back fo much of the duties paid oa the importation thereof into this kingdom, and fhall leave the remainder of fuch duties equal to the amount of the duties retained in Great Britain, on goods and commodities of like quality and quantity exported from Great Britain, to the fame plantations or fettlements refpe&ively; and that if the duties paid on the importation of any fuch goods or commodities into this kingdom, fhall be exaClly equal to the duties fo retained in Great Britain, then and in every fuch cafe, fuch goods and commodities fhall not receive any drawback on fuch exportation from this kingdom as aforefaid; and if the duties paid on the importation of any fuch goods or commodities, fhall not be equal to the duties fo retained in Great

Britain,

■

1

Digitized by v^ooQie

61$	Tbi	thirty-third Test of George III.

A D.

•	1793-

Chap. 31.

Goods exported fr« ni Iit-ljnd, (Vail not he lcls encumt ered i* ith duties than

S)o-Js iropi G. main.

Com* pf nrv. to taufe tables ot drawbacks •nd dutic* to be formed, v hich (hall be failed by 4 comnuili-oners.

Britain, that then and in every fuch cafe, fuch goods and commodities (hall not only not receive any drawback on fuck their exportation from this kingdom, but (hall alfo pay fuch duties on btiijg fo exported, as together with the duties paid on their importation into this kingdom, (hall equal the duties fo retained in Great Britain.

XVI.	Provided always, That in calculating the faid duties and drawbacks on the faid goods and commodities fo to be exported from this kingdom, due attention (hall be given to, and allowance made for any duty or impofition, or any part of the fame which fhall be retained in Great Britain, or not drawn back, or not compenfated by bounty in Gr-at Britain, upon the export of any fuch goods or commodities from thence to this kingdom, as alfo for any duty paid on the importation of any fuch goods or commodities into this kingdom, fo as the faid goods or commodities rcfpe&irely, be not fo exported from this kingdom, with lefs incumbrance of duties or impolitions than now do, or hereafter (hall remain upon the like goods, when legally exported from Great Britain, to the fame parts or places.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the commiflion-era of his Majelly’s revenue in this kingdom, (hall form, or caufc to be formed, one or more table or tables, fchedule or fchedules, with all convenient fpeed, of the fevcral diaw-backs fo to be allowed, and duties fo to be paid on the export from this kingdoip, of the faid goods and commodities of t&e growth, produce, or manufad?ure of the Ea(l Indies, or other pacts beyond the Cape of Good Hope, within the limits of the charter of the faid company, to any Britilh plantation in America, ot* the Weft Indies, or any Britilh fettlement on the coaft of Africa, which fhall have been imported into this kingdom, and that fo foon as the faid tables or fehedules, or any of them, fhall be formed, they-fhall be figned by four of the commifiioncrs at leall; and that from and after the day whereon fuch tables orfchedules fhall be fo ligned, the feveral drawbacks fhall be allowed, and duties paid, as rcfpe&ively mentioned therein, upon the export as aforefaid, of the feveral goods and commodities therein mentioned, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were fpcciftcally eua&ed aod enumerated in this a<ft, any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding, and fubje& to the like remedies, regulations and reftri#ions, as any duties impeded, or drawbacks allowed by any of the revenue a6U in force in this kingdom are fubje& unto; and that two duplicates of every fuch table or fchedule, fhall alfo be at the fame time fignedas aforefaid, one of which duplicates fhall be depofittd with the clerk of the houfe of commons of this kingdom, to be

The thirty-third Tear of George III.	v

!>y him laid before the faid houfe the next fefiion of par-iament, and the other of fuch duplicates tranfmitted to the chief fecretary of die cour£ of direftors of the faid company.

, XVII I. Provided alfo, That the court of dire&ors of the faid company, upon any representation by, or on the behalf of any private traders of this kingdom, of the want of a fufficient number of perfons in the Eaftlndies; duly autho-rifed, and properly qualified to a£ for them, in the difpofal of their cargoes, and the purchafe and inveflments of goods in return for the fame, do licenfe a further number of perfons to retide in India, in the character of free merchants, to the fatisfadtion of the private traders of this kingdom, pr in default of the faid court of directors licenfing fuch perfons fo that the board of cornmifiioners for the affairs of India, upon a like reprefentation to be for that purpofc made to the fecretary of the faid board, or to the chief fecretary of his excellency the lord lieutenu'it, or other chief ‘governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, to be by him traulmitted to the fecretary of the faid board of cornmifiioners for the affairs of India, do licenfe a proper and fufficient number of perfons to lefide at their fettlements in the eaft Indies, in the character of fretT*merchants, with the approbation of the faid board.

XIX.	Provided alfo. That if during the continuance of this a£t, any ceflion of territory ffiali be obtained by the faid company, from the Chinefe government, and a new fertlement (hall be made by the faid company, upon.fuch territory, diftinft and feparate from the continent of China, and wholly free from any jurisdiction pf authority of the Chinefe government, in that cafe, and fo long as the fame (hall fo remain to the faid company, it (hall and may be lawful for any of his Majcfty’s fubje&s of, or belonging to this kingdom, under fuch regulations and reftri&ions as ffiali be approved by the board of cornmifiioners for the affairs of India, to export Britiffi and Iriffi goods and commodities in the ffiips of the faid company, at a moderate rate of freight, the fame being configned to the company's fuper-cargocs, or fuch other perfons as the faid company, with the approbation of the faid board of cornmifiioners, ffiali licenfe to re-fide at fuch fcttlement, for that purpofe only ; and provided that all and every of fuch perfons fo licenfed, (hall be prohibited from having any connexion or intercourfe with the continent of China, and from carrying on any other trade or concern whatever, fave and except the lale of Britiffi and Irifli goods and commodities before mentioned, and from all interference with the affairs of the faid company ; and that . all fuch perfons (lull enter into the like covenants with the ,	2	faid

Perfons to be appointed by court of Directors, to tranfalt bufmefs in India,

Britiffi and Irifh fuhjetta may export goods to any ceffion of territory obtained by faid company, from Chinefe.

Digitized by v^ooQle

6%4	Tifc thirty-third Tear ^George	III.

A. D.

^793-Chap. 31.

How far vef-

fch employed in the fomhern whale firttery may proceed wnder eeitain rcftrittion*.

Company to Jicenfe {hip? to proceed to Japan, & c.

laid company, or other free merchants by them licenfed, or fuch other covenants as (hall be required by the faid court of directors in that behalf, and alfo into a fpecial engagement, if the fame (hall be required, for paying the net proceeds of the fales of fuch goods and commodities into the treafury -of the faid company, at fuch new fettlement, for bills of exchange, payable by the faid company in Great Britain, to be drawn at the a&ual rate of exchange at the time; and that no perfon or fubje<ft of this kingdom, fhall be permitted to refide in any place or places fo ceded, or to trade or communicate with any port or place in China, who is not a fer-vant of the faid Company, or who is not licenfed by them to a& as aforefaid.

XX.	Provided alfo. That during the continuance of this a6t, it fhall and may be lawful for any fliip of, or belonging to any of his Majefty’s fubje&s in this kingdom, which fhall be employed in carrying on the fouthern whale iifttery, to fail or pafs into the pacific ocean by Cape Horn, to the northward of the equator ; provided that fuch fhip fhall not proceed further weft than one hundred and eighty degrees of longitude from London, and that in every fuch cafe, any fhip belonging to this kingdom, to be employed in the faid fifhery, fhall tirft obtain from the faid company* a like li-cenfc as Britifh (hips are, or fhall be obliged to take in that behalf, and fhall be made fubjc& to the like regulations* reftrhftions, penalties and provifions, as Britifh fhips employed in the faid fifhery are, or may be fubjedfc or liable to re-fpc&ively;

XXI.	And for the further encouragement of trade to the north weft coaft of America, and the iflands adjacent, under the limitations contained in the convention, made by his Majefty with the King of Spain, of the twenty-eighth day of O&ober, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, it may be expedient that fhips fitted out in this kingdom for thofe parts, fhould in certain cafes be permitted by licenfe from the faid company, to proceed fioin faid coaft and iflands, direft to the faid iftes of Japan, and the coafts of Korea and Canton, there to difpofe of their cargoes obtained on the faid north weft coaft of America, and to return from thence to dire& to the fame north weft coaft, or iflands adjacent, and there difpofe of their returns in trade; the owners and commanders of fuch fhips entering into fuch covenants with, and giving fuch fecurity to the faid company, and fubmitting to be bound by fuch rules and regulations as fhall appear to be beft adapted for preferring to the faid company the excife and benefits of their commercial privileges, and conduce to the prefervation of good order and regularity of the fhips company, and their observance of

3	th*

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

the laws preferibed by the native ftates, during the continuance of fuch (hips on the faid coafts of Japan, Korea, and the river of Canton aforefaid; it is therefore hereby further provided, that in cafe the court of dire&ors of the faid company fhall form and lay before the board of commif-fioners for the affairs of India, fuch rules and regulations as they fhall think bed adapted for the purpofes aforefaid, and alfo the forms of fuch deeds of covenant or other fecu-rities as the faid court of dire&ors fhall judge to be proper or neccflary to be entered into, or given for the*due obfer-vance thereof, by the owners and commanders of fhips to be licenfcd as aforefaid, then all fuch orders and inftru&ions as the faid board fhall give to the faid dire&ors in relation thereto, fhall be binding and valid, and the faid owners and commanders conforming themfelves to the terms and conditions which fhall be fo preferibed, fhall have and be entitled to fufch licenfe or licenfes, and that the faid court of di-rc&ors fhall grant the fame accordingly, unlefs on any re-prefentation made by the faid dire&ors to the faid board of commifiioners, containing any fpecific obje&ions againftthe granting of any fuch licenfe, the faid board fhall order the fame to be withheld, in which cafe the faid dire&ors fhall and may withhold or refufe the fame.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That fuch fe-curities as the faid court of dire&ors fhall fo judge to be proper and ncceffary to be fo entered into or given, fhall be entered into and given by perfons refident in this kingdom, before his Majefty’s chief commifiioners of revenue, and fhall by them be preferved and kept for the ufe, and at the command of the faid company.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That fuch rules and regulations to be fo made for the purpofes aforefaid, or any deeds of covenant, qr other fecurities to be required, to be enteied into, and given for obfervance thereof, fhall not extend to veft in any council of fuper-cargoes, or other officers of the faid company, a greater power over any fhips belonging to this kingdom, or the commanders, officers, or companies of the fame, in the eaftem feas, or on the coafts of Japan, Korea, and China, which they fhall be permitted to vifit, according to the tenor of fuch licenfes, than fuch as can, fhall, or may lawfully be exercifcd by the faid council of fuper-cargoes, or other officers of the faid company, in or over the fhips employed by, or in the fer-vice of the faid company, and the Britifh commanders, officers and men belonging thereto.

XXIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That the felling or difpofmg of any goods or merchandizes at any •ther place or places, than fhall be mentioned and fpecified

in

Securities, judged proper by court of directors, to be given to com. of rev. in this kingdom for faiacompany.

Power given over fhips, commanders. See. in the eastern Teas, as herein.

Breach of rules punifhed as a mifde-mcanor, &c.

Digitized by LjOOQle

A* D.

* 793-Chap. 31.

Subje&t of Ireland, not U* eeufid by com* pany, not to lail to any part within thair limit*.

i

Ship*, Sec. who go to laid patts againfl the provifion* of this a St forfeit^ cd. Sec.

Tlx thirty-third Tear of George III.

in any futh lidenfe, or any wilful breach of non-obfervaoefr of any of the faid rules or regulations, by any fnbje& or fubjetla of this kingdom, (hall be held as a mifdemeaoor at law, atid (hail and may be punifned as fuch, and that the parties offending therein, (hall be deemed to have traded tod trafficked unlawfully within the limits of the company’* exdufive trade, and (hall incur and fuffer the penalties and forfeitures by this ad impofed for illicitly trading or trafficking within the faid limits, and (hall over and betides pay to the faid company fuch pecuniary penalties, as fuch offenders fhall have incurred or forfeited, by iny wilful breach, or non-obfervancc of the (limitations contained in, and by the faid deeds of covenant, or fecurities entered into, or given to the faid company by force, and virtue of this ad.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any of the fubje&s pf his Majefty, his heirs or fuectffors of, or belonging to this kingdom, other than fuch as (hall ,be li-cenfcd or employed by the faid uuited company, or (hall be otherwise thereunto lawfully authorized, (hall, during the continuance of this ad, diredly or indiredly fail to, vifit, haunt, frequent, trade, traffic, or adventure to, in^ or from the faid Eaff Indies, or other parts within the limits 6f the faid companies exclufive trade, all and ev«y fuch offender or offenders, (hall incur the forfeiture and lofs of all the (hips and veil'd* .belonging to, or employed by him or them refpcdively, with the guris, tackle, apparel, and furniture thereunto belonging, and alfo all the goods aud merchandize laden thereupon, or which were or (hail be lent to, acquired, traded, trafficked, or adventured within the faid Kali Indies, or purls aforefaid, ami all the proceeds and effcCU of fuch goods and merchandize, and double the value thereof, to wii, one-fourth part of fuch forfeiture to the perfon or per funs who (hall feize, inform, or fne for the fame, and the other three-fourth parts thereof, to the uie of the faid united company, they defraying thereout the charges of profecution.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That every fubjed of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors of, or belonging to this kingdom, who (hall go, fail, of repair to the faid Eaff Indies, or parts aforefaid, againfl any of the provifions of this a6t, (hall be deemed and accounted to have unlawfully traded and trafficked there, and all the (hips, goods, and merchandize which (hall be employed therein, or (hall be found in liis, her, or their cuffody, or in the cullody of any other perfon or perfons, by his, her, or their employment, order, or procurement, (hall and ihay be feized, and (hall be forfeited, together with double the value thereof, one-fourtk

part

^	*fhe	thirty-third Tear cf Gfcorge 111.

%

part of tfhfoh forfeiture (hall belong to the perfon or perfon* A. D. who (hall feize, inform, or lue for the fame, and thtfeei- *793» fourths thereof (hall be to the ufe of the faid united corrt- Chap. 3 f. pany, they thereout defraying the charges of profectf-' '—

, tion.

XXVII- And be it further entiled, That if any fubjeft Subjects of or fubjefts of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors of, or be-	*

longing to this kingdom, not being lawfully licenfed or an- fOUI1a in faid thorized thereto, fhall during the continuance of this aft, parts, may b« direftly or indireftly go, fail, or repair to, or be found in fined and un-the Eaft Indies, or any of the parts aforefaid, all, andk P1^00*^* every fuch perfon and perfons are hereby declared to be guilty of a High crime and mifdemeanor, and being convift* ed thereof, (hall be liable to fuch fine or imprifonment, or fine and imprifonment as the court in which fuch perfon (hall be convifted (hall think fit 5 and in cafe a fine (hall be im-.pofed, one moiety thereof (hall belong to the faid united company, and the other moiety thereof to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall profecute for the faid offence.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any per- P«n*hy 0* fon being a fubjeft of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, a^Ln^the^ro-fhall go, fail, or repair to, or be found within the faid Eaft vifions in this Indies, or parts aforefaid, againft any of the provifions of

thi*3 aft, or of the faid recited aft, and (hall afterwards be found within this kingdom, it (hall and may be lawful to \ and for any one or more of hi3 Majefty *8 juft ices of the peace, upon the information on oath of fuch offence, and he and they are hereby authorized and required to commit all and every fuch perfon or perfons to the next county gaol, there to remain until fufficient fecurity be given for the appearance of fuch perfon or perfons in the court in this kingdom, in which he or they (hall, or may be fued or prole-cuted, in refpeft of fuch his or their offence, and for his or their not going out of court, or out of this kingdom, without the leave of fuch court, and every perfon vho fhall be convifted of any fuch offence, (hall be deemed gurltr of a high mifdemeanor 1 and it (hall and may be lawful ttt and for the faid company, and their fucceffors, to take, ar-reft, and feize all perfons being fubje< ts of this kingdom, who (hall be found in any county within the limits of their charter, and not fubjeft to the laws of Great Britain, and to deal with fuch perfons For the offence committed by them, againft the true intent and meaning of this aft.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That the powers and By whom

authorities hereby given to the faid company, of taking, ar-	V*

refting, and feizing any fuch perfon or perfons as aforefaid, caution, together with the power of feizing any (hips, veffels, goods, jfaerchaodize, and effeftii by this aft made liable to leisure

or

Digitized by L^ooQle

MS	The thirty-third Tear of George IIL

or forfeiture, (hall and may be enforced and put in execution in the name of the faid company, by the order and siutbo-tity of the governor-general of Fort William in Bengal, or the governor of Fort St. George, and governor of Bombay for the time being refpeftively, or by any chief officer of the faid company refident at any other of the Britifh fettkments in the Eaft Indies refpeftively, or by the order and authority of the (ame company’s council of fupercargo for the time being, at the town or faftory of Canton, within the (aid town or faftory, and Hpon the river of Canton, or other parts of the coails of China, and by fuch other perfons as (hall he from time to time efpecially deputed and authorized for that purpofe, by the court of directors of the faid united company for the time being.

XXX. And be it enafted, That as well all and every the goods, merchandize, treafure and effefts, being the property of any of his Majefly’s fubjefts of this kingdom, which (hall, during the continuance of this aft, be (hipped or put on to this for- board any (hip or (hips, or vefTel or veffeis bound from this feted, and doo- kingdom to the Eaft Indies, or the parts aforefaid, other v“c*	than and except the goods, merchandize, treafure, or effefts

of the faid company, or of other perfons lawfully (hipping the fame, under the limitations and provifions of this aft, and according to the true intent and meaning of the (ame, and except the naval (lores, provifions, and neceffaries for fuch (hip or (hips to perform their voyage, as alfo all and every the good*, merchandize, treafure, and effefts, being the property of any of his Majefty’s fubjefts, of or belonging to this kingdom, which (hall be taken out of any foch (hip or vefTel in her voyage homewards from the Eaft Indies, or parts aforefaid, to England, before her arrival there, the fame and every of them (ball be forfeited, together with double the value thereof, and (hall and may be feired; and that the mailer or mailers, or commander or commanders, or other officer or officers of fuch (hip or (hips, or vcffd or veffeis, knowingly permitting or fuffering any fuch goods, merchandize, treafure or effefts to be (hipped, or to be pot on board any fuch (hip or vefTel fo bound to the 'Eafl Indies, or to be taken out of any fuch (hip or (hips bound from the Eaft Indies, or part3 aforefaid to England, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence, the fum of one thoufand pounds.

Perfons who XXXI. And be it enafted, That if any perfon being a laces under	h*g	Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors of, or be-

authority*ot any l°ng*ng to this kingdom, (hall procure, folicit for, obtain, foreign power, or aft under any commiffion, authority or pafs, from any forfeit 500L foreign prince. Hate, or potentate whatever, to (ail, go, or trade in or to the faid Eall Indies, or any of the parts aforefaid, cvety fuch perfon (hall incur and forfeit for every

fuch

All goods Slipped lor the Eaft Indies by fabjedi of Ireland. contrary

The thirty-third Tear of George III.	699

Fuch offence, the fum of five hundred pounds, one half part * A. D. of which penalty fhall belong to fuch perfon or perfons as 1793-fhall inform or fue for the fame, and the other half thereof Chap. 31. to the faid united company ; and if the faid united company fhall inform or fue for the fame, then the whole of the faid penalty fhall belong to the faid company.

XXXII.	And be it enafted, That during the continuance Goods not to of this aft, it fhall not be lawful for any fubjeft of his Ma- {>e/cnt/romi1 jefly, his heirs or fucceffors of or belonging to this king- a“ 1 channel dom, either in his own name, or in the name of any other but as allowed perfon or perfons whatever, to carry on, or be concerned at hereby, his or their own rifque, or for his or their own benefit, in the fending any kinds of goods and merchandize, the produce or manufafture of the Eaft Indies and China, by the vray of Suez only, or any other channel to Europe, other-wife than is allowed or provided by this aft, or as any fubjeft of his Majefty of or belonging to Great Britain, may lawfully do ; and if any fuch fubjeft fhall carry on, or be con* cerned in any fuch trade or traffick on hi3 own account, contrary hereto, he fhall forfeit and pay to the faid united company, double the value of the goods and merchandize which fhall by him or them be fo unlawfully fent to Europe.

X/XXI1I. And be it further enafted, That all penalties, Where and forfeitures, feizures, caufes of feizure, crimes, mifdCmean- for7e^restIC,> ors, and other offences which fhall arife, or be incurred un- &c	^ fieJ ^

der, or fhall be committed againft this aft,- fhall be fued for, for, profccutcd,

Erofecuted, examined, recovered, and adjudged in any of is Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin, or in the fupreme court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal, or in one of the mayor’s conrts at Madras, or Bombay refpeftively, in manner following, that is to fay, all fuch pecuniary penalties, and all forfeitures of (hips, veffels, merchandize and goods, fhall and may be fued for, condemned, and recovered by aftion, bill, fuit, or information, wherein no efioign, proteftion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be granted or allowed, and all fuch feizures, whether of any perfon, or any fhips, veffels, merchandizes and goods, and all caufes of fuch feizure fhall be cognizable in fuch aftions, fuits or profecutions as fhall bring into queftion, or relate to the lawfulnefs or regularity of any fuch feizure 5 and all fuch offences as by this aft are not made punifhable by pecuniary penalties, or by any forfeitures of goods, but by fine or imprifonment, or both, are hereby created without providing any particular punifhments, fhall be profecuted by indiftment or information, as mifdemean* ors for breach thereof, and fhall be puni/hed by fine or imprifonment, or both, at the diferetion of tkc court in which Vou IX.	X	a	tak

Digitized by Google

Tht tbirty-tkird Tear of George III.

fuch profccution (hall, by virtue of this ad, be inftituted} and it fuch profccution for a mifdcmeanor (ball be inftituted in any of the faid courts in the Eaft Indies, and the perfoa or perfons profecuted, (hall be there convidcd, it (hall be lawful for fuch court to order as part, or for the whule of Aaions, in	punilhmcnt, any fuch perfon or perfons to be lent and

dements, See. conveyed to Great Britain.

brought or pro. XX VIV. And be it further enaded, That whenever any iceuted in l>ub. a&ion, bill, fuit, information or indidment (hall be brought *	or profecuted in any of his Majellj’s courts of record in

Dublin, for any offence againft this ad, whether for a penalty, forfeiture, or mifdcmeanor, the offence (hall be hid or alleged to have been committed in the county of Dub-liu j and all a&ions, bills, fuits, informations, and iodide ments for any offence or offences again ft. this ad, whether filed, brought, commenced, or profeeuted for a penahy or forfeiture, or mifdcmeanor in any of his Majcfty's courts of record in Dublin, or in the faid fuprcqie couit, or any fuch mayor’s court as aforefaid, (hall be brought and profecuted within three years next after the offence (hall be committed, and a capias (hall iffue in the firft procefs ; and in the cafe of an offence hereby made punifhable by any penalty or forfeiture, fuch capias (hall fpccify the fum of the penalty or forfeiture fued for, and the perfon or perfons fued or profecuted for fuch penalty, (hall, on fuch capias, give to tbe perfon or perfons to whom fucli capias (hall be direded, fuffictcnt bail or Security by his Majelly’s natural born fubjeds or deni-gens, for appearing in the couit, out of which fuch capiat (hall iffue, at the day or return of fuch writ, to anfwcr fuch fuit or profccution, and (hall likewife at the time of fuch appearance, give fufficient bail or fecurity by fuch perfons as aforefaid, in the fame court, to anfwer and pay all tbt forfeitures and penalties fued for, if he, (he, or they, (hall be convided of fuch offence or offences, or to yield his, her, or their body or bodies to prifoo ; but if the profccution (hall be for any offence or offences againff this ad, puniffiablc only as mifdemeanor, then the perfon or perfons agaiuit whom fuch capias (hall iffue, being thereupon arreiled, (hall be impnfoned, and bailable according to law, as in other cafes of mifdemeanor.

Attorney- XXXV. And for more effedually preventing all iliegil generalmaycx-	oreland e (line trading or trafficking hereby made puniihabk

complaint in	by the forfeitures of goods and merchandizes, and in refped

exchequer	of the difficulty there may be of afeertaining what goods and

agaiuft illegal	merchandizes have been illegally or dandettinely trafficked

sztnt*	with, and the value thereof, and for feeuring to the crown

*	** c#	the duties on the goods fo illegally trafficked with, and to

the



The thirty-third Tear of George III.	691

the fa id United company a reparation by way of damages for A. D. fuch illegal or-clandeftine trading; be it further enaded, 1793* That it fhall be lawful for his Majefty's attorney'general in Chap. 31. this kingdom for the time being, either at the relation of the faid united company, or by hit own authority, to exhibit a bill or bills of complaint in his Majefty* s court of exchequer in Ireland, againft any perfon or perfons trading, dealing, trafficking, or adventuring in, to, or from the Eaft Indies, in breach of this act. or againft any perfon or perfons concerned as agent, fador, or co-partner with fuch illegal traders for difeovering of fuch trading, dealing, trafficking, or adventuring, and for recovery of fuch duties to the crown, and fuch damages to the faid united company, as herein af-ter are mentioned ; fo that every fuch bill contain a waver or difclaimer of all the penalties and forfeitures incurred by any fuch perfon or perfons for the matters contained in fuch bill; and fuch perfon and perfons (hall anfwer the faid bill or bills, . and (hall not plead or demur to the difeovery thereby fought 5 and (hall pay to his Majefty, the cuftoms and duties of the goods and merchandize arifing, produced, or purchased by the faid unlawful trade, traffic, or adventuring$ and (hall alfo as a reparation to the faid company in damages, anfwer and pay to the faid company for the fame goods and merchandize, after the rate of thirty pounds per centum, ac-cordingtothe value thereof in Ireland ; and if fuch offender or offenders (hall pay the faid duties or cuftoms, or the amount thereof, into his Majefty’s exchequer of Ireland, for the life of his Majefty, and the faid damages to the faid company, he or they (hall not be profecuted upon any other branch or provifion of this ad, for the fame offence; and if fuch bill or bills (hall be exhibited at the relation of the faid company, and (hall be difmiffed by the faid court of exchequer, in favour of any defendant or defendants, the faid company (hall pay to all and every fuch defendant and defendants, his and their cofts of fuit, but if a decree (hall be obtained againft the defendant, or defendants, he or they (hall pay tne cofts to his Majefty, and the relators refpcc-tively.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, Reward to That if hefoie any fait or profecution (hall be commenced informer*, &rc. for the recovery of any penalty or penalties, or forfeiture or forfeitures, under this ad, by his Majefty’s attorney general in this kingdom, or the laid united company, any common informer or informers, (hall go to the court of diredors of the faid united company, and make known in them the offence committed, and inftead of any profecution at law by fuch informer or informers, the- faid court of diredors (hall ckd t? have the fust ar profecution brought, or commenced X x a	by

!f the comr pany fiill in-io' in, lue, he. in'ormcr’i (lure Iholl devolve to them.

Ta fait*, flee.

• •Tamil faid company, their Icrvants, See. tlicy may plead thi cen^roi Uuc.

The thirly-third Tear of George III.

By bill or bills of complaint, to be filed or exhibited in hit Majelly’s court of chancery, or of exchequer in this kingdom, then and in evei^ fuch cafe there fhall be yielded and paid to fuch common informer or informers, one third part of the fingle value of the faid intereft and concern when recovered , but if the faid court of direftors fhall ele& to have the fuit or profecstion commenced for the penalties or forfeitures by information or a&ion at law, then the faid information or a&ion fiiall be proceeded upon, and fhall not be difeuntinued or determined, except with the content of the faid united company, or their court of directors.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted. That if the faid united company (hall lirft inform, fue and profecute for any penalty or forfeiture, for any of the offences againfl this ad, then the part, fliarc and proportion of the penalties and forfeitures otherw ife given or appointed by this adf, to any other perfon or per Ions who (hall fue or inform for the fame, fhall devolve upon, and be to the ufe of the faid united company, although fuch information, fuit, or profecution, be commenced by the faid united company, after lapfe of the time limited by law for the fuit, profecution, or information of the common informer.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enabled, That if any fuit or atliou lhall be brought or commenced in this kingdom, againft the faid united company, or any of their fervants, or any perfon a&ing by their authority, for the recovery ofany coils or damages for the unlawful taking, arrelling, feizing, imprifoning, fending, or bringing to this kingdom, of any perfon or perfons found in the Ead Indies, or other parts aforefaid, within the limits of the faid united company's ex-clufive trade, or as not being authorized to refidc or traffic there, the defendant or defendants to luch fuit or a&ion, may plead the general iiiue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for bin or their defence ; and the proof fhall be upon the plaintiff or plaint ills on the trial of the ifTue, to fiiew that at the time or times of arrelling or feizing fuch perfon or perfons rcfpcdtively, for the catifes aforefaid, in lhe manner in which Inch arrelling or feizing fhall be laid or ♦barged to have been done, in or by the declaration or declarations in fuch fuit or action, the perfon or perfons {barrelled, was or were in the military or marine fervice of his Majdly, his heirs or fucceffors, or was or were under covenant to ferve the faid company in India, or was or were duly pofTcfL’d of a licenfe or licenfes in writing, authorizing him 01 them to go to, or refide, and traffic in India, or other the parts aforefaid, or that the perfon or perfons not being in his Majcfty’s fervice, was or were at the time or times of his or their being fo ftixed or arretted, entitled,

•r

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty-third Year of George I IT,	693

ar authorized by the ftipulation of fuch covenants or li- A. D. cenfes refpeftively, to remain and continue in India, or 1793* other the pajts aforefaid ; and in failure of fuch proof, the plaintiff or plaintiffs fliall become non-fuited ; and in every cafe wherein the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become non-fuited, or wherein judgment (hall be given againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs upon demurrer, or where a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, he or they fliall have treble ‘ colls awarded, to be paid by the tefpeftive plaintiff or plaintiffs, in fucK fuit or aft ion, any law, ftatute, or provifion to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX.	Provided always, That this aft (ball continue fn forces* in force for twenty-one years, from the paffing thereof, and years, until the end of the then ne*t fefhon of parliament, and nq longer.

CHAP. XXXII,

/in AQ to explain and reduce into One Ad, the fever at Law* for making, repairing, or amending the 'Turnpike Roads leading from the Town of Naas, to the Towns of Maryborough and Ballyroan, from the faid Town of Maryborough, to the City of Limerick, and from the Town of Nenagh, to O’Brien’s Bridge.

1

WHEREAS the feveral laws heretofore made, relating Former law*

to the feveral turnpike roads between the town of inadequate; all

Naas, and the city of Limerick, and the town of Ballyroan, *aws relating to

and for the repair of the faid roads, are inadequate to the turnpike roads rr 1*11	>	•	’	,	,	.	.	^	,	hum Naas to

purpoles tor which they were intended; be it enacted by Maryborough

the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice repealed, except, and confent of the lords fpirkqal and temporal, and commons parts which in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority !^al of the fame, That all the feveral laws now in being, for making, repairing, and amending, or explaining" the fame, or that in any manner or way alfeft or relate to the turnpike roads from Naas to Maryborough and Ballyroan, from.

Maryborough to Toomavara, from Toomavara to Nenagh, from.Nenagh to O’Brien’s Bridge, and which affeft or relate to fuch roads only ; and alfo f© much of all laws as affeft or relate to that part of the turnpike road leading fiom the city of Limerick, towards the town of Newport, and which , lies between the faid city of Limerick, and thejunftion.of faid latl mentioned road-, with the road leading from thence to the town of Caflle Connell, and which affeft or relate to fuch road only, be, and the fame are hereby repealed and	~

made null and void, except fuch parts thereof as repeal any or a&stherein recited*

II.	PrO-

Digitized by CjOOQle

694	Tir	thirty-third	Tear	of George III.

II.	Provided neverthelefs. That nothing herein contained flull deftroy or diminifli the fecurities for money now due or that before the palling of this a& (hall be due to the truftccs of the faid road, lave as herein after mentioned.

III.	And whereas to carry into effe& the intent and meaning of this a&, it is requifite to add to the powers veiled in grand juries, by an ad of the thirty-fecond year of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An aft for improving and beeping in repair, the pojl roads of this kingdom; be it further cnaded, That it fliall be lawful for the grand jury of every county, county of a city, or county of a town in this kingdom, at any affizes which (hall be holden after the pairing of this ad, to prefent fuch fum or funis of money as may be requifite to build, rebuild, or repair any bridge over and acrofs any dream or river interceding any part of the prefent line of faid road, or of any new Imc’ of road, which in virtue of this ad, ihall hereafter be made to be raifed off fuch county at large, county of a city, or county of a town, in which the fame (hall be fituate.

IV.	Provided always, That no presentment (hall be made for building, rebuilding, or repairing any fuch bridge, un-

fcnimentrC ***"	11 appear by affidavit of two credible periods, that

fuch bridge required to be prefented for the purpofe of (hort-eriing the dillance, or avoiding of hills, or for the greater convenience of travellers, is ftecefTary, or will tend to facilitate the intercourfe between any two points of the laid road from Naas to Maryborough, or Bally roan, or between the faid towu of Maryborough, and the cjty of Limerick; and that a plan of fuch intended new bridge, or of the alters at ions intended to fuch old bridge, (hall have been depofited with ihe treafurei of fuch county, or county of a city, twenty-one days at the lead, before the commilfion day of fuch affizes.

Same form*, V. And be it cna&ed, That in order to obtain fuchprc-hc. as are now fentment for any luch bridge, the feveral forms of'prefect-hereaftcr t^bc l7icnta an<* requilites ihall be purfued and obferved as in cafe cashed. • of bridges preventable under the road a&s now in being, or ,	-	that	hereafter	fliall	be	cuadled,	relative	to the fame, upon

presentment roads or elfcwhere, and with the like powers to grand juries relative thereto, and * to be accounted for in like manner, and purfuaut to the fame oath and regulations jn all rcfpc&s.

Commiffion- : VI. And whereas the faid road leading from the town of ert.may caufc a Nai8> through the towns of Kildare, Monaftereven, Mary-Mbareio. **** ^>6rougk, Montrath, Borris, Rofcrea, and Ncnagh, to th<

. .	city	of	Limerick,	and	from	the	junction	of	faid	road, with

the road leading to the town of Ballyroan, may be confidcr-ably ihortened and made more convenient for travellers, if

• '/ ' - — -	■	* * •	•	‘	*	-	'	iW

'*1

Securities for maxey due sot affcO.cd.

All grand juries nuj ptdent tor bridges oa faid road, flee.

Affidavit of * credible per-

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-third Year of 6corge III.

the feme were carried in a more dire& and convenient line; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the perfons hereafter to be named commifiioners of the faid road, or any three of them (hall be, and they hereby are empowered to caufe a furvey and map to be made of the bed and mod convenient line, from any one point to another point of the road, from the faid town of Naas, by the faid towns of Kildare, Monadereven, Maryborough, Montrath, Rofcrea, and Nenagh, to the faid city of Limerick, and from the faid junction of faid road, to the town of Ballyroan, and that on fuch furvey being approved of and figned by any five of the faid commiflioners, the (aid new line may be laid out and carried into effeft, to be from thenceforth part of the faid road ; and that it (hall be lawfuhfor any grand jury at any af&zes to be holden for the county or counties, or county of a city refpe&ively, through which fuch new or intended line (hall go, to prefent fugh fum or fums of money to be raifed off the barony or baronies through which the fame (hall run, as to them (hall feem meet, in order to re-compepfe fuch perfon .or perfons as may fuppofe himfelf aggrieved by fuch new line, and in order to make enclofures to the faid new line, which faid preferment, and every thing relative thereto, (hall in every refpeft purfue the pro-vjfions and regulations relative to fuch preferments in the faid recited a&, entitled, An a3 fir Improving ami keeping in repair the pojl roads of this kingdom.

VII.	^.nd whereas it appears that debts tp a confiderable amount were contra&ed feveral years fince, by the truftees for part of the faid road, and that John Andcrfon of the city of Cork, merchant, and William Bourne, of the city of Dublin, efquire, contractors for his ftjajefty’s mail coach between Dublin and Limerick, did during the Jail and prer ceding fummer, lend tq the truftees for parts of the faid road, upwards of two thoufaijd pounds for the repair of the faid road: and whereas the greateft part of the fai<J road is in fuch extreme b?d repair and condition, that an immediate and effe&ual repair is effential to render the faid road palfable, and to continue the eflablifhment of the faid mail coach, which has for fome months paft been obliged to go near three miles about to avoid part of one ftage of the faid road: and wliereas there is not any fund for the purpofe of effe&uating fuch repair, and from tfy fcarcity of materials on many parts of the faid road, the tolls at prefent paid at the feveral gates, are infufficient for the purpofe of keeping the faid road in repair : and whereas the greater part of the prefent creditors by debentures on the faid roads, have not for feveral years received any thing, and have little or no profpe& of receiving any thing in future out of the produce of faid tolls,) towards the paying of fuch fums, or the in-

terefi

Debt* were contracted by truftees lor faid road ;

above 2000I. lent laft year by John Andcrfon, and William Bourne.-

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

tereft thereof, unlefs the faid roads (hall be put in repair ** the like manner intended by this a<51, for which purpofe the advancing a large fum of money will be neceffary, which cannot be procured unlefs the fecurity (hall be rendered fufScu ent by diminKhing the old demands again (I the faid tolls Upon the foot of faid debentures, many of which were i(Taed improvidently ; be it enabled, That all filtered and claim thereto, (hall be hereafter confidered as difeharged, and null and void on the foot of faid debentures, and that fuch debentures (hall (land as a fecurity at the rate of thirty pounds for each one hundred pounds fo originally' fecured by faid debentures and no move, on that part of faid road which lies between the towns of Naas, and Ballyroan, and Maryborough, and upon that part of the faid road which lies between the faid town of Maryborough, and the town of Too-mavara, (hall (land as a fecurity for fifteen pounds and no more for each hundred, and upon all the reft, and refidueof the faid road, (the particular law's refpefting which having been made to ceafc and expire before the year one thoufand fight hundred, (hall (land as a fecurity for ten pounds, for each one hundred pounds and no more, and that the fame fhall be liable to five pounds per centum intereft from the year one thoufand eight hundred, and no other intereft whatever.	/

VIII.	And be it enabled, That the faid debts fhall for ever hereafter .remain a lien oa, and the intereft at the rate aforefaid, be charged and chargeable on the whole of the toll, to be referved by this or any future relative to faid road from Naas to Limerick, any ftatute or law to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the palling of this aft, for and during the

in JohnAnder, continuance of this aft, the whole right to the tolls herein after mentioned, and charged as aforefaid, (hall be veiled upon the conditions, and in the manner herein after mea-tinned, in the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, and the furvivor of them, and the executors and adminiftrators of fuch furvivor, and the faid road (hall be divided into three parts or diflrifts, each of which (hall be fub-divided ; the firit part or didrift to extend to and com-prife the faid road from Naas, to Maryborough, and Ballr-roan, containing three divifions, the fecond or middle dif-trift from Maryborough to Rofcrca, containing two divifions, and the third or laft diftrift from Rofcrea to Limerick, Containing four divifions, and that the entire of the faid three parts or diftrifts, and each of the faid divifions, be and they hereby are placed under the management and dire&ion of the faid John Anderfon, and of the faid William Bourne,

8aid debts to remain a lien, and intereft charged on tolls from Naas to Limerick, for ever.

Whole right of tolls vefted

ion, and Wm Bourne,

The thirly-thlrd Tear of George III.

a*d the furvivor of them, and the executors and adminiflr*-tors of fuch furvivor, from and after the pafiing of this aft, for and during the term of thirty years, to commence and be computed from the pafiing of this aft, fubjeft to the conditions and regulations to be hereafter named ; and provided they (hall have firfl entered into the recognizance herein softer mentioned, for the fulfilling the feveral conditions to be therein mentioned* purfuant to the provifions of this

aft.

*97 A. D.

1793. Chap. 32.

X.	And be it further enafted, That all fums of money AH fan which (hall be granted by any grand jury for the purpofe of	^

making any new line on the faid rood, or widening or al be paid to laid tering any part of the faid old road, or for filling, fcouring, Anderfon aad or altering the ditches or drains, or for making fences to or Boon>c» *he by any part of the faid road, or for making foot-paths, fhall be paid under the conditions and regulations herein mentioned, to the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, or the furvivor of them, or the	executors of

the faid furvivor, or to fuch perfon or perfons	as they fhall

authorize to receive the fame, under the conditions and regulations for granting and carrying into effeft the faid pre-fen t meats.

XL And be it further enafted, That upon any damage Una damage which (hall be found by any jury for any traverfer of any (Z^h^&er-prefentraent being paid to him, her, or them, or depofited f<Mi and Bootee, with the county treafurer, for his, her, or	their ufe, or	Ac. may proceed

upon verdift found againfi traverfer, or upon	fuch traverfe	mar-

which fhall have been entered, being withdrawn or not tried purfuant to this aft, or upon no traverfe being entered, or as foon as an afTefTment fhall be made by fuch jury, it fhall be lawful for the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, and the furvivor of them, or the executors or ad-tniniftrators of fuch furvivor, or for fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be authorized by them, or either of them, to take pof-feffion ox the ground fo prefented, and to proceed in the execution of fuch preferments, without the interruption of any perfon whatfoever, and the fheriff is hereby required upon demand to give them poffefiion thereof, on producing a certificate from the clerk of the crown, that the faid preferment has been prefented as aforefaid, for which certificate two fhillings and fix-pence fhall be paid to faid clerk of the crown and no more.

XII. And be it further enafted, That John lord Fitz- Names of Gibbon, lord chancellor of Ireland, the earl of Portarling- commiffiooert ton, lord vifeount Pery, lord vifcoqnt De Vefci, the right °f «wh and honourable fir John Parnell, the honourable Edmond Hen- cwa* diftriA. ry Pery, John Toler, his Majefly^ folicitor general, John prendergaft Smyth, efquire, Thomas Mauofell, fir Henry

#	Hartftonge,

Digitized by

Gooc

/

6$S	The	tbirtyjbird	Tear	of	Gcofge	III*

A. D. Hartftonge, baronet, Robert Maunfell, efquire, fir Mathew 1793. Blakefton, baronet, William Thomas Maunfell, Peter Chap. 32. Holme*, and John Wolfe of Foruiaoghta, efquiret, and the furvivor* of them be, and they are hereby appointed comic ilfionert of eaclj and every <}iftri& and divifion of the £ud road.

Coram ifli oners of firft dil-tri&,

ceirmiffioncrs of fecond divi-

fion.

vwnmlfGoners of third djftria.

XIIL And b« it farther ena&ed, That hit grace William dqke of Leinfter, marquis of Drogheda, lord vifcoiiQt Allen, honourable and reverend William Dawfon, John Warburton, efquire, fir Robert Staples, baronet, Thom** Burgh of Bert, efquire, honourable John Vefey, John Tydd, efquire, fir AUyne Johndon, baronet, Thomas Burgh of Qld Town, honourable Ponfonby Moore, fir Charles Defvoux, baronet, Frederick French of Ballinakill, Chriftopher Baggott, Jo* nathan Chettwood, cfquires, colonel Thomas Pigott, Mathew Caftan, efquire, be, and they hereby are appointed commiffioners of the firft diftritt of the faid road; the (aid fir Robert Staples, colonel Thomas Pigott, honourable John Vefey, Charles William Bury, efquire, Edward Birch, efquire, Rent's Bowes Daly, efquire, Richard Grace, efquire, Robert White of Arboe^ and James Bradfield, ef-quir^s, captain Defpard, Leonard, William Armftrong, of Mount Heton, John JJoyd, be, and they hereby arc appointed commiffioners of tjie fecond or middle divifion of the laid road; and that Daniel Toler, Henry Prittie, efquiret, Charles William Buiy. efquiit, Edward Birch, efquire, William Annftrong of Mount Heton, efquire, John Lloyd of Giofter, efquire, Daniel Toler, junior, efquire, fir Vere hunt, baronet, Charles yereker, efquire, Thomas Vcreker, efquire, .colonel Rolefton, doAor William Maunfell, archdeacon Maunfell, alderman Eaton Maunfell, Thomas Brooke, efquire, Francis Arthur, efquire, Henry D‘Eftarre, efquire, James Angliip, efquire, Henry White, efquire, Francis Worth Cafhell, efquire, George Gough, efquire, major, William Caufaban Purdon,* George Maunfell, efquire, colleftor of Limerick, fir Chriftopher Knight, Frederick Lloyd, efquire, William Minchm of Green-Hills^ efquire, Philip Roche, efquire, Stephen Roche, efquire. Aphony Dwyer, efquire, Thomas Spunner, efquire, John Dwyer, efquire, Richard Going of Bird Hill, efquire, cap-tain Launcelot Hill, Richard Going, junior, efquire, Thomas Going of Traverftqn, efquire, Paul Rochford, efquire, John Tuttle, efquire, Benjamin Friend, efquire, Samuel Hunter, efquire, Richard Gafon, efquire, George Smith, efquire, recorder of Ltmericlt, David Dwyer, efquire, William Blennerhaifet, John Blennerhaflet. John Ormfby Van-delieur, Peter Holmes, junior, Michael Head, reverend Henry Bayley, W.	Harding,	Cooke Otway,.

8tandifh Grady of Grange, reverend L	Parker,

Digitized by Google

The thirty-third Tear of Qcorge II

Otway Toler, John IJead, James Qtway, W.

Bayley, Benjarhin Hawkfhaw, major Pcppar9 Simon Bep-par, efquires, Edward Croker of Ballynagard, efquire, and the mayor of Limerick, for the time being, be, and they are hereby appointed commiffioncrs of third or lad diftri& of the faid road.'

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That every commif-fioner of every diftrift of the faid toad, (hall poflefs and be competent to exercife the office and duties of a magidrate, upon every pall of the faid road, fo far as relates to the <Jue obfervance of this a&, and the enforcing the feveral parta thereof, and that every chief magidrate and other corporate officer of e very corporate town, on the faid line of road, (hall paflefs and exercife the like powers /or the like pur-pofes in the places where they refpe&ively refide, and ‘within one mile of their refpe&ive reGdences. '

XVl And1 be it further ena&ed, That when any of the commiflioncrs herein before named for the three diilri&s of the faid road, or for any of the faid diftridts (hall die, or re-fign, it (hall be lawful for the remaining commiffioncrs of fuch three ^illridte, or of fuch particular didridt, or for any five or more of them on the firfl Tuefilay in any month, to ele& a perfon to be a commiflioner thereof in his'place, and fo as often ^s a vacancy (hall happen by the death or re* fignatihn of any perfon fo chofen.

XVI.1 ‘And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the faid John Anderfon, and the faid Wifliam Bourne, under the conditions and regulations hereafter to be named, for and during the term of thirty years, to commence and be computed from the pa fling of this a£t, to ereft or caufe to be erie&ed, pay-gates upon and acrofs the faid road in manner herein mentioned; and that it (hall be lawful for the (aid John Anderfon, and for the faid William Bourne, to build, hire, or rent a toll-houfe or toll-houfes, Convenient to every fuch gate, and to demand and take by fuch

ijerfon and perfons as they (hall authorize thereto, the fol-owing tolls at every fuch gate, before any horfe, mare, gelding, aft, mule, cattle, coach, chariot, landau, phaeton, chaife, cabriolet, curricle, chair, calafh, gig, waggon* wain, dray, cart, car, timber, or other carriage, (hall be permitted to go through the fame, that is to fay; for every horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, with any perfon riding thereon, the lum of two pence; for every horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, loaden or unloaden, and hot drawing or having any perfon riding thereon, the fum of. ©ge penny halfpenny; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, two (hillings and lix pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs number3 for every drove of 1	‘	'	calves*

69, A. D.

17 93* Chap. 32.

Every con*-miflioter may art as a magi Urate, ficc.

When ( jrnifiioncTt die or refign, others fluirbe chofen, as herein*

Said Ander* Ton and Bourne may, for 30 years, caufe pay-gates to he erected, as hereafter; and build or hire toll- houfes, and . take tolls as herein.



Digitized by

Google

4

«o©	The	thirty-third	Tear of George III.

A. D.	calve*, pig*, goats, (beep, or lambs, one (hilling and three

j 793.	pence by the (core, and fo in proportion for any greater

Chap. 32. or lefs number; for each and every coach, chariot, lan* dau, phaeton, chaife, cabriolet, curricle, chair, calafh, or gig, if drawn by fix horfes or other beads, or more than iix, the fum of two (hillings and eight pence halfpenny, if drawn by four or five horfes or other beads, the fum of two (hillings and two pence, if drawn by two or three horfes or other beads, the fum of one (hilling and one penny, and if drawn by one horfe or other bcaft only, the fum of fix, pence halfpenny.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That from and after the parting of this alt, and during the continuance of the fame, it (hall be lawful for the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, to demand and take by fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall authorize thereto, at each and every pay-gate aforefaid, for every ilage coach, or other carriage plying for hire, or conveying perfons for hire, w'hich (hall convey at any one time upon any part of the faid road, more than fix perfons withinfide, or more than three perfons befides the driver upon the outfide of any fuch coach, or other carriage, five (hillings for every horfe or other bead drawing the fame, in addition to the toll herein before dircllcd, to be paid every time fuch coach or other carriage (hall pafs through any of the faid gates.

Not to extend XVIII. Provided always. That fuch additional tort (hall to waggons, &c. not c|ceme(j to extend to waggons or other carriages with, broad wheels herein after exempted, for certain periods from paying tolls.

Toliatobe XIX. And whereas much injury has arifen to the faid yaul at different road from the improper condru&ion of the wheels of cars Plfl»	and other carriages, and it is expedient that the tolls. 00 fuch,

wheels (hall bear a more equal proportion to the damage they may do to the faid road ; be it cnadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the parting of this alt, to the firft day of July, one thaufand feven hundred and ninety-four, it (hall be lawful for the faid John Anderfon, and the-faid William Bourne, to Remand and take by fuch perfon, and perfons as they (ball authorize thereto, at each of the feveral gates of the faid road, to be hereafter named, two pence for every car ; and for every waggon, wrain, dray, cart, or timber carriage, tolls at the rate that is now demanded and taken at the feveral gates on the faid road, for every horfe or other bead, drawing any and every fuch ca^, waggon, wain, dray, cart, or timber carriage.

XX. And be it further ena<fted, That on the faid firft day of July next, and for and during the remainder of the

Rates ta be paid by ftage coaches, flee.

bvGooole

The thirty-third Tear of George IIL	701

faid term of thirty years, to be computed from the palling A. D. of this a&, it (hall be lawful for the faid John Anderfon, 1793. and the faid William Bourne, to demand and take by fuch Chap. 32. pcrfon or perfons as they (hall authorize thereto, for every waggon, wain, dtay, cart', car, or timber carriage, mo- # Recital of the ving on rollers, with flat furfaces, whofe fellies (hall be fix-	toll*	te

teen inches on each fide of the (hoeing, or llreaks thereof,

(hall be fet on with counter-funk flat-headed nails, bolts or fcrews, which (hall not projeffc above the furface or level of fuch ftreaks or (hoeing, and that fuch (Ireaks or (hoeing (hall be flat, and fixteen inches or more in breadth, the fum of one halfpenny for every horfe or bead drawing the fame 5 for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or timber carriage, if the foies of the fellies thereof (hall be flat, and of the breadth of nine inches or more, and that the ftreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof, (hall be fet on with counter-funk flat-headed nails, bolts or fcrews, which (hall not projeft above the furface or level of fuch ftreaks or (hoeing, and that fuch ftreaks or (hoeing (hall be flat, and nine inches or more in breadth, and if the fore-axle (hall be fo much longer or (horter than the hind-axle, that the wheels thereof (hall roll a double furface of at lead fixteen inches on each and either fide, the fum of one halfpenny, for every horfe or bead drawing the fame ; if the ftreaks or (joeing of the wheels thereof, (hall be fet on in like manner, and (hall be nine flat inches acrofs the (hoeing or tier, the fum of one penny, for every horfe or bead drawing the fame ; if the ftreaks or ftioeing of the wheels thereof, (hall be fet on in like manner, and (hall be lefs than nine inches, but not lefs than feven inches acrofs the foie or tier, and if the fore-axle (hall be fo much longer or (horter than the hind-axle, that the wheels thereof (hall roll a double furface of at lead twelve inches on each and either fide, the fum of one penny, for every horfe or bead drawing the fame ; if the ftreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof, (hall be fet on in like manner, and (hall be lefs than nine inches, but not lefs than feven inches, and (hall not roll a double furface of at lead twelve inches, one penny halfpenny for every horfe or bead drawing the fame ; if the ftreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof, (hall be fet on in like manner, and (hall be lefs than (even inches, but not lefs than fix inches, and if the fore-axle (hall be fo much longer or (horter than the hind-axle, that the wheels thereof (hall roll a double furface of at lead ten inches, the fum of one penny halfpenny, for every horfe or bead drawing the fame ; if the ftreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof, (hall be fet on in like manner, and (hall be lefs than feven inches, but not k-fs th?n fix inches, and (hall not roll a double fur-face of at lesft ten inches oa each fide, two pence, for every 3	horfe.

Cart herein dti'cribcd, to pay at herein.

Waggon*, $tc, herein aefcrib-ed, exempted from toll.

The thirty-third Year of George ITT.

horfe or bet (I drawing the fame ; if the ftreaks or (hoeing of the wheeli thereof, fhall be fet on in like manner, and mall be kfs than fix inches, but not lefs than five inches, the fum of three pence, for every horfe or beaft drawing the fame ; if the ftreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof, (hall be fet on in like manner, and (hall be lefs than five inches, but not lefs than four inches, the fum of four pence, for every horfe or beaft drawing the fame; and if the ftreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof, fhaQ be fet on in like manner, and fhall be lefs than four inches, the fum of fix pence halfpenny, for every horfe or beaft drawing the fame; and if any of the (hoeing or the ftreaks of any of the wheels of any fuch carriage (hall not be flat, or fhall be fet on with high or fprig-hcaded nails, bolts or ferews, or with any Bails, bolts or ferews, not being counter-funk and flatheaded, or which fhall project above the level or furface of fuch ftreaks or (hoeing, the fum of one (hilling and one penny, for every horfe or beaft drawing the fame.

XXI.	Provided always, That for every car whofe wheels fhall be three flat inches in breadth acrofs the foie or tier, and fhall be formed or put on fo as to turn round the axle-tree, and whofe axle-tree fhall be fixed on, fo as not to turn round with the wheels, the fum of one penny halfpenny only, and no more, fhall be demanded or token at any gate, on any part of the faid road, for each horfe or other beaft drawing the fame, if the ftreaks or fhocing of fuch wheels be flat, and fet on with counter-funk flat-headed nails, bolts or ferews, and which fhall not project above the furface or level of fuch ftreaks or (hoeing.

XXII.	And whereas it is expedient to encourage perfons to ufe rollers or broad wheels, as herein before described, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, timber, or other carriage which fhall run a flat furface of fixteen inches at the lead, on either and each fide, if the ftreaks or (hoeing of fuch rollers fhall be flat, and fot on with counter-funk nat-headed nails, bolts or ferews, and which fhall not proje& above the furface or level of fuch ftreaks or (hoeing, fhall, during the term of five years, to be computed from the pafling of this a&, pafs through all the gates of the (aid road, toll free; and that every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or timber carriage, if the fhoeing or ftreaks thereof, fhall be fet on in like manner, and (hall be nine inches or more in breadth, or (hall roll a double furface of twelve inches on each and either fide, fhall during the term of three yeats, to be computed as aforefaid, pan toll fire; and that every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or timber carriage, if the fhoeing or ftreaks thereof fhall be let on in iikt manner, and (lull be fovea

inch*

•igitized byi LjOOQle

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

inches or more in breadth, or (hall roll a doable furface of ten inches on each and either fide, (hall, during one year, to be computed at aforefaid, pals toll free, through every toll-gate upon, or acrofs any part of the (aid road.

XxlII. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne,' to demand and take by fuch perfon and perfons as they (hall authorize thereto, the fevend tolls and duties recited in this ad, in manner aforefaid, at each of the feveral gates now ereded, or which being hereafter named In this ad, it (hall be lawful for the faid John Anderfon,

, and the faid William Bourne to ered, or caufe to be ereded on each and every divifion of the laid road, that is to fay, at or near the weft entrance of the town of Naas, at or near Newbridge, at or near the eaft entrance of the town of Kildare, at or near the weft entrance of the town of Kildare*, at or near the eaft entrance of the town of Monaftereven, at or near the weft entrance of the faid town of Monaftereven, at the place where the gate is now fituate, at the eaft entrance of the town of Maryborough, at or near the weft entrance of the faid town of Maryborough, at or near the eaft entrance of the town of Ballyroan, at or near the eaft entrance of the town of Montrath, at or near the weft entrance of the faid town of Montrath, at or near the eaft entrance of the town of Borris, at or near the weft entrance of the laid town of Borris, fuch gates (hall continue only fo long as the line of road (hall pals through the faid town of Borris, at or near the eaft entrance of the town of Rof-crea, at or near the weft entrance of the faid town of Rofcrea, at or near Toomavara, at or near the eaft entrance of the town of Nenagh, at or near the weft entrance of the faid town of Nenagh, at or near Carragatogher, at or near Bird Hill, at or near O’Brien's Bridge, at or near the eaft entrance of the town of Caftle Connell, at or near the weft entrance of the faid town of Caftle Connell, and at or near the eaft entrance of the city of Limerick.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall be lawful for any five commiffioners of any diftrid of the faid road, on the application of the laid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, to alter the fituation of any of the faid pay-gates, within fuch diftrids of the faid road, and to add fuch other pay-cates upon, and acrofs any part of the prefent line ot laid roads, or of the new line of faid road, or upon and acrols any part of the fame, or on the fide of the faid prefent, or of the faid new line of faid road, acrols any lane or way leading out of either of the faid lines of road within fuch diftrid, and to build, hire, or rent a toll-houfc for every fuch gate, and there to demand and 5	receive

703

A. D.

1793*

Chap. 3a.

Tolls to be taken at the fe-vcral gates herein mentioned.

Situation of pay-gates maybe altered, Sec.

Road to be divided, &c.

Tolb to be piidbntoftcea day in each divifin, dec.

I paytneof xnexbdivUkm #adb day.

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

receive by fuch perfon or perfons a« they (hall authorize thereto, fuch tolls as are appointed by this ad to be takes at any gate within fuch diftrid of the faid road, and that every fuch gate (hall be deemed a pay-gate.*

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid road (hall be divided, and that the feveral divihons (hall be num-bered in manner following; namely, number one, from Naas, to the wed fide of Kildare; number two, from Kildare, to Monadereven ; number three, from Monadereven, to the ead entrance of Ballyroan, or to the ead entrance of Maryborough; number four, from faid lad mentioned ead entrance of Maryborough, to the ead entrance of Montr^th ; number five, from Montrath, to Rofcrea; number fix, from Rofcrea, to Toomavara, or fuch point as (hall hereafter be appointed on the new line; number feven, from fuch lad mentioned point, or from Toone to Nenagh; number eight, from Nenagh, to fuch place as (hall be ap-pointed between Kilmaltulla, and O’Brien’s Bridge; number nine, from fuch tail mentioned point, to Limerick.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded, That no perfon (hall be liable to pay any of the faid tolls aforefaid, more than once in the fame day within the fame divifion, with the fame cattle and carriage, but that every perfon having paid fuch toll once in any one divifion, may, during the remainder of the fame day, every fuch day to be computed from twelve o’clock at night, to twelve o’clock the fuccecding night, pafs and re-pafs toll free, through every pay-gate in the fame divifion, with the fame cattle and carriage, for which fuch toll (hall have been paid; on producing a ticket, denoting the payment of fuch toll, and containing fuch other matters as are herein required, refpeding the fame ; which ticket every colledor is required to give gratis, on receiving the toll, upon pain of forfeiting five (hillings for every omiffion or refufal, upon convidion before any juftice of the pence of the county in which the offence (hall be committed, or before any of the faid commiflioners, every of whom are hereby authorized to examine into the fame, and admi-niftcr oaths for that purpofe.

XXVII.	Provided always, That in order to pafs free »

manner aforefaid, through each refpedive pay-gate, it (hall be ntceffary to pay once in each day as aforefaid, in each divifion refpedively, in which faid pay-gate is placed, there being to be but one payment required in any one divifion.	*	*"	•

Camxm&oacn , XXVIII. And be it further enaded. That it (hall* be ■ay authorize lawful for the faid commifiioners of the three didrids of the feid Aadohs fraid rqad, to authQrize the faid John Anderfon, and the faid ■ah*tc&hsf^ W&kn* Bouruc, at any period after the firft day of July,

unc

The thirty-third Tear of George Itl.

tint thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, to demand and take by fuch perfon or perfons a3 they fhall appoint thereto, at each and every pay-gate, within the faid three diftrids of the (aid road, for any, or for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or timber carriage, in ado tion to the toll heretofore eftablifhed by this ad, any fum not exceeding half the amount of the toll, direded by this ad to be demanded and taken, for every horfe or beaft drawing either or any of the fame, fubjed to the like regulations as afore* faid.

XXIX.	Provided always* That no fuch additional toll toll not t0 b9 (hall be demanded for any waggon, wain, dray, cart, car* demanded,

©r timber carriage, moving on rollers or broad wheels in

manner aforefaid, during the refpedive terms or periods heretofore allowed by this ad, for fuch waggons or other carriages aforefaid, to pafs toll free, or for one year after the expiration of fuch terms or periods refpec-tively.

XXX.	And be it further enaded, That if any period Tolls levied ihall refufe to pay the toll payable by him or her in virtue ^7 diftrsf* of this ad, it (hall and may be Jawful for the colledor

thereof, or perfon ading as fuch, to levy the fame by dif-trefs of the horfe or horfes, or other beaft or beafts, carriage or carriages upon which the toll is by this ad impofed, or upon the goods and chattels of the perfon or perfons who ought to pay the fame; and fuch horfe or horfes, or other beaft or beafts, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels, may be detained, until fuch toll (hall be paid, with the reasonable charges of fuch diftrefs \ and if the fame fhall not be paid within four days, it fhall be lawful for the colledor or perfon ading as fuch, to fell the fame, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner on demand, after payment t>f the faid toll, and the full expences of the faid diftrefs# detinue, and fale.	.	"	.

XXXI* And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or Penalty i*b perfons fhall forcibly or wilfully go or pafs with any horfe*	*

beaft, or carriage, through any pay-gate on the faid road, *	9

without paying the toll by this ad required, or producing a proper ticket as aforefaid, at fuch pay-gate* or fhall knowingly or defignedly affault, interrupt, or obftrud any of the colledors or perfons employed in colleding or receiving any of the faid tolls or otherwife, in the execution 06 his or their employments, of receiver or colledor, or fhall injure any fuch gate or toll-houfe, or any globes or lamps, or any extrads from any part of* this ad, which fhall be ereded or placed upon or near any fuch gate or toll-houfe, or fhall fefiault, obftrud, or interrupt any overfeer ading under and iu the- execution of any t>art ©f this or fhau .• You IX.	Y	y	forge.

Additional

Pcrfoni who ¥ide off faid road, to avoid tolly pod afterward* proceed on it, for kit 5I. Act.

VhatfliaU he fpecifiAl in tickets, &c.

Tie thirty-third Tear of Gtoqgt 111.

forgi,'counterfeit, or alter, or fhall deliver to or receive from any other perfon or peiforts, any note or ticket, with an intent to avoid the payment of any of the faid tolls, or any part thereof* every perfon fo offending, being convi&ed thereof, Upon the oath of one credible witneft before any juftice of the peace, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and ply the fum of ten pounds.	1	‘

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if the owner

of any waggdn, wain, dray, cart, car, 'or other carriage, or of any horfe riding or being the driver thereof, and travelling on any part of the fafd road; (hail drive or turn out of the fame, into any other road, in order to Itoid paying of toll, and fhall afterwards proceed with fuch carriage or’ horfe into, or on any part of the faid road, fuch perfon' being owner, fhaH forfeit five pounds, and if he be the driver and hot the OWrier; fifty	’ tipoYi Convhftion

for every *> fuch offence | and ’it fhaH be lawful for every collector or perfon a&ing as fuch, and all other perfons by hfm required to affift in that refpe&, to feize any horfe or l^orfes, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages. With all goods thereon, and the driver or drivers, attendant or attendant* thereof and to bring them befoip any jufttCe of the peatfc, who1 if hereby 'required to enquire into fuch offence, and if upbn cohVl&ibn before fuch juftice,'upon the oath of any credible witnefs*'the party ot ‘parties complained of* fhall not pay fuch penalty, together with the tolls that fhall be due, it fhall be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby required by warrant under his hand and feSil to caufe the horfe or horfes, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods fo detained to be fold for payment of ttye fard tolls and penalties, and the charges of foizing and keeping the fame, and eff fuch fale, rendering the overplus (if any) upon demand to the owner or owners of the fame, or to the perfon or perfons under whofe care, ot in whofe poffeffion the fame rcfpe&ively was or weiHf When fo feized ab bfoTefaid, ot if no fuffieient diftrefs fhall have been feized, to commit ich owner or owners, or other perfon or perfons to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or main prize, until fuch fine and penalties, tolls and charges be paid.

XXXIII.	And be it further enff&d*' That every ticket to be given as aforefaiJ, by any ColIe61or for any* carriage which is fubjeft to different tollfe in refpeft to the. different breadths or (hoeings of its wheels; fhall truly fpecify the firm received, the number of Rorifes or other beads drawing the fame carriage, and the breadttf of the wheels, and alfo Whether flat fhdd; dr fhod wit|} high or fprig headed nails, ' bfflts, fcrfcws, and if any ticket fhall not fpecify all the

i	hid

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

laid matters truly, the colle&or of the toll ^t the gate where fuch ticket (hall have been given, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch offence, upon convi&ion by oath of one credible witnefs before any jullice of the peace, and in cafe of not .paying the fame immediately, (hall be committed by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice, to the common gaol or hodfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of one month, or un-til the faid fine (hall be paid.

XXXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it '(hall be lawful for the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William wagons, &c. Bourne, or fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be authorized by ^ dr^ersPtoC^ them for any of the faid divifions, or for any commillioner produce tickets, or any magiftrate, conftable, or fub-condable, to ilop on

* any part of the faid road, any car, cart, dray, waggon, wain, or other carriage not being a coach, landau, chariot* r chaife, phaeton, cabriolet, curricle, or chair, which (hall have paffed during the fame day through any pay-gate on the faid road, to require the driver or perfon attending the fame, to produce the ticket which he or (he (hall have received at fuch pay-gate, for the toll paid fpr the fame $ and if fuch driver or perfon (hall negleCt or refufe to produce fuch ticket immediately on demand, or if fuch ticket when produced (hall not certify the \yhole toll payable for the fame by virtue of this a ft, or (hall contain any other de-feription of the breadth and (hoeing of the wheels than the truth, it (hall be lawful for fuch perfon to feize and dilliain the faid horfe or other bead and carriage, with all the goods and chattels thereon, and fuch horfe or horfes, or other * bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels, may be detained until the toll preferibed by this acl for the fame (hall be paid, with the reafonable charges of inch dif-trefs and detaining, and if the fame (hall not be paid within four dkys, it (hall be lawful for the petfon who (hall have , feized to fell the fame, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or driver on demand after payment of the faid toll, and the full expences of the faid didrefs, detaining and fale.

XXXV.	And be it further enabled, That every colle&or Collcttor* or other perfon a&ing as fuch, (hall have power to detain at

any pay-gate, every car, cart, or other carriage, whereon mcaiure wheels, the toll payable varies according to the breadth of the ftreaks or (hoeing of the wheels, and to meafure the feme, and the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne,

©r fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall authorize, and every tnfpeitor, commiffioner, magidrate, fub-co.iftable or conftable (haU have the like power to dop and meafure the wheels of every fuch car or carriage on any part of the find road, x	Yy 2^	and

Carts, drays,

Digitized by v^ooQie

The thirlj-third Year ^George III. •

A. D.

x 793-Chap. 32.

Fenslty on permitting any f< rl<-n to pafs through any 1.4n<i to avoid tell, tea.

Fower of perlom appointed to re-••ive tolls, &e

Penalty on

coUc^or, &c. re:le^ing , dury, &c.

and if any driver or other perfon (hall hinder or refufe t® permit fuch colledor or fuch other perfon to meafure the wheels of any fuch carriage, and (hall be convided thereof, upon the oath of any one credible witnefs, before any juf-ticc of the peace, every fuch perfon fo offending, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be levied by didrefs and fa!e of the faid car or other carriage, and the horfe and horfes, or other beads drawing the fame, and the good# thereor., by warrant uuder the hand and feal of fuch judice, rendering the overplus, if any, after deducting the faid fine, and the expencea of fuch didrefs and fale, to the owner on demand.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever, owning, renting, or occupying any laud near unto any pay-gate edablifiied or ereded, or to be ereded in purfuancc of thia ad, (hall for gain, reward, or olheiwife knowingly or willingly permit any perfon or perfons whatfoever, to pafa through any gate, pafTage, or way, with any horfe, bead* cattle or carriage, liable to toll on pafiing through any pay-gate on the faid road, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and be thereof convided upon the oath of any one credible witnefs before any judice of the peace, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings for every fuch offence, to be levied by didrefs and fide of fuch offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch judice, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, the charges in taking and difpofing of the faid goods being fird deduded. '

XXXVII.	And be it further cnaded, That every perfon appointed to receive the toll at any pay-gate, on any of the diviiions of faid road, by any perfon or perfons taking the fame by leafe, fhall have all and fingular the like power* and authorities, and be fubjed to and under all and lingular the like regulations, penalties, and redridions as any col-ledor appointed by the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, can or (hall have or be fubjed to by virtue of this ad, except as to paying the tolls colleded to the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, and a«-eountfng to them for the fame.

XXXVIII.	And be it further cnadeds That if any col-ledor or toll-gatherer, whether appointed by the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, or by any perfon taking any of the tolls by leafe or contrad, or any perfon aHing as fuch, (hall permit any carriage, horfe, or bead whatfoever, to p3fs through any pay-gate without payment of the toll payable fqr the lame by virttc of this ad, or a

3	proper

The thirty-third Tear of George IIT.

proper certificate as before dire&ed being produced therewith, and (hall omit to feize fuch car, carriage, or beail, or (hall delay to proceed to have the penalties levied as the law* dire&s for fuch offence, or (hall omit to detain any car, cart, or other carriage, and prevent the palling through the gate after notice (hall be given to him, that the driver thereof has obftrudled the execution of this ad'in any refped, every" perfon fo offending, fliall upon conviction thereof before any juflice of the peace, forfeit the Aim of five pounds, and on non-payment thereof, fhall be committed by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juttice, to the common gaol or houfe of correction, there to remain without bail or main-' prize for any time pot exceeding fix months, or until the faid fine be paid,

XXXIX.	And be it further enaCted, That every perfon appointed by the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William fo11* appointed Bourne, to make, gravel, repair, or fuperintend the faid fapermTencT road, or any part of it, fhall have full power and autho- faid road-rity to dig for, fearch, raife, and carry away any gravel, ftones, fand, furze, or other materials which may be wanted for the ufe of the faid road, and to make drains in order to carry off water from or preventing its injuring the faid road, on or through the lands of any perfon, not being a deer park, orchard, haggard, yard, plantcd'lawn, or ave-r nue to a manfion-houle, and that every Aich perfon fi> appointed fhall make fatisfadion to tlje owners or occupiers of the land for the damage that may be done thereby, in like manner, and under the like regulations as is, are, cr fhall be ena&ed with refpeCt toJ damages done by overfeers appointed by the prefentments of grand juries.

XL. And whereas great inconvenience has arifen, and the publick have been much endangered by water from mill- nfakc^ny nui. courfe3 or drains having been turned upon parts of the faid fances on faid road, from whence there have not been fufficient pafTages to road* carry off the faid water, and many bridges have been greatly injured by perfons removing the foundations thereof in fearch of eeh ; and be it further enaded, That any perfon who fhall turn upon, or make a way for any fuch water ta go upon any part of the faid road, or fhall turn any fuch water into the trenches by the fide of any part of the faid roads, without fuch perfon having firft made, of that there fhall have been firft made by fome other perfon or perfons, a fufficient drain to carry off the faid water, fo that fuch water fhall not injure any part of the faid road, or fhall pull out, remove, or injure any part of the foundation, or any other part of any bridge, or wall, or fence, to any quarry, pit, hole, river, or water-courfc, or injure any mile-ftonc, or iire&ion-poft, or fhall build any houfe, or part of a houfe,

withla

Power of per-

♦ »jk>

Tbi thirty-third Tear of George III*

within forty-five feet of the centre of any part of the (aid road, except in a corporate or borough town, or (hall build any wall, or make any ditch within thirty-five feet of the centre of any part of the faid road# or (hall build any windmill within one hundred yards of any Dart of the (aid road# or (hall remove any of the materials which (hall have been ufed for filling any ditch, or any part of any ditch, or fhaB deftroy or take down any part of the hacks or bank? which are or (hall be raifed between any part of the (aid road, and the drains or trenches on the fide of fuch road, or (hall make or have any way or pafiage from the faid road into the lands adjoining, without placing a gutter or arch underneath fuch way or pafiage, as deep as the drain or ditch over which it is or (hall be made, fo as to allow all water which may at any time be therein full room to pafs, or (hall bum, or permit or fuffer to be burned on his or her lands, bricks, lime, or Weeds, or vegetable fubftance for afhes, within one hundred feet of the centre of the (aid road, every fuch perfon (hall fo* every fuch offence,'upon convi&ion thereof, by the confeffioq of the party, or by the oath or affirmation of one credible witnefs, before any jufticeof the peace, or upon the view of fuch juftice, forfeit the fum of five pounds; and if any perfon (ball keep, or have in his or her pofleflion, any cur-dog, maftiff, or bull-dog, at any houfe within fifty yards of thq faid road, without a block of wood of five pounds weight at the lead. faftened to the neck of every fuch dog, or (hall win* now, or lay out for winnowing any corn on the faid road, pr (hall lay any draw, dung, or rubbifh thereon, or (hal^ icrape the fame, or (hall lay the feburing or earth of any ditch or drain, or any turf on the faid road, or (hall leave on any part of the fame, between endofure and enclofure, or permit to be left theieon, oppofitc or near to his or her houfe, any carriage whatsoever, or any plough or harrow, without the jiorfe or horfes, or other bead or beads being harneffed thereto, unlefs fuch carriages as being a&ually travelling, and having perfons in them, or luggage the property of paffengers, (hall dop to change fiorfes, and which (hall not continue more than one hour, or fuch carriage as (hall have been accidentally broken down there, and cannot be removed without repair; or (hall Get or plant any fared tree, or the feed of any fuch tree within fifty feet of the centre of any part of fuch road, or (hall break down or injure any foot* path, or ride, lead, or drive, any borfc ,or other bead on * any part of any foot-path, or injure any horfe-block, or any other thing which (hall be made, erefted, of put up upon any part of the . f^id road, for the ufe of the (aid road, of (jprthc convenience of traveller?, or if any perfon (haUfprea^ tut any, linen,	QK	winoow	dpth.	within hundred

. . ,... fcn

Digitized by

Googl -

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

fcet of the centre of the faid road, or (hall beat or dry any* flax* or leave any timber, ftones, fand, clay, lime, or other matter, on the faid road, except for the ufe of tHc faid road, or (Hall leave, or pcrmic to be left, the carcafe of apy horfe, or other bead*, or /haft ffcin the fame, or permit it to be ikinned cm the faid road, or within ope hundred yards of the centre thereof, except in a houfe or yard enclofed with walls, or /hall lead or drive any car or carriage with timber, boards, or iron, laid acrofo, foas that either end thereof /hall projedl beyond the wheels or fides of the carriage, or on which /hall be laid any beams or pieces of timber or plank, or pieces of plank above the length of thirteen feet, except on carriages with four wheels, or carts or two common cars fo placed to* get her, that the beams or pieces, or planks, /hall be laid lengthways thereon, or /hall drag any timber or mill-ftones along any part of the faid road, without being fuppotted by wheels from touching the fame, or (hall ert& any fign-poft, or any May-pole, or May-bufh on any part of the faid road.

Or /hall place or ere& any turf flack on any part of the faid road, every perfon fo offending, /hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty fhillings, upon convi&ion before any juilice of the peace, by the oath of one credible witnefs, or upon the view of fuch juilice ; which penalties and forfeitures fhall be levied, if not paid upon convi&ion, by diC« trefs upon the goods and chattels of the offender, by warrant under the hapd and Teal of fuph juftice, returning the overplus to the owner,

XLI, And be it further cna&ed, That all dung, dirt, I>ung, ftraw, flraw, rubbifb, ftones, gravel, fand, or lime, which fhall be fl°ncs> &c. laid laid on the faid road, fhall be, and is hereby declared to bfc ■ ft]ted\o faid* forfeited to the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Anderfon and Bourge, and to be their foie property, and fliall be fold by Bourne, them, or either of them, for the ufe of the faid road, or otherwise difpofed of by them as they fhall think fit.

XLI I. And be it further ena&ed, That for every car is, per day load of fcouring or earth thrown out of any drain or ditch* forfeited for on the faid road, and which fhall be drawn away by the faid evcry car-load John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, or their or- ^throwIi der, the owner or occupier of the land which fuch drain or ditcb divides from the faid road, fhall forfeit the fum of one (hilling for every day the fame fhall have remained thereon,

Upon convi&ion in manner aforefaid.

XLIII. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall and may Every perfon be lawful for every perfon whatfoever, to take and carry may carry away away, and convert to his or her own ufe, any corn which ?°rn	^

fhall be laid on the faid road for the purpofe of being win- in** C# jK>wed, or fhall be winnowing thereon, or remain thereon after being winnowed* together with tbe lacks or winnowing

711 A. D.

•793-Chap. 3a.

Said Andcr-fcn and Bourne may j*ull down ditches, &c.

Grand jury

may prtfent honfes, See.

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

ing cloths wherein the feme may happen to be, and alfo all timber which {hall be left on any part of the faid road, and (hall have remained thereon for forty-eight hours, not having been brought or kept there by order of the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, or for the ufe of the faid road, without the let, fuit, trouble, or hindrance 01 any perfon whatfoever.

. XLIV. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid John Anderfon, or the faid William Bourne, or fuch perfon or perfons as they {hall authorize thereto, to pull down, or fill up, and level any wall, drain, or ditch, which (hall be built or made, or began to be built and made after the palling of this ad, upon any part of the faid road, or within thirty-nve feet of the centre of the faid road, and to cut down and remove any forell tree which {hall be fet or planted after the paflingof this ad, within fifty feet of the centre of any part of the faid road, and to cm down, lop or top bu(hes now growing or {landing, or yvhich may hereafter grow or Hand adjoining to any part of the faid road, or on the hedges, or in the banks thereof, and to cut down all blifhes or hedges which are or fhall be more thaa fiw; feet above the level of the faid road, or nearer than forty-five feet of the centre thereof, and to take ^nd carry away the fame, the owners ox occupiers negleding to cut down fuch bufhes for twelve days after notice in writing given for that purpofe, under the hand of any magiflsate or commifiioner, or of the faid John Anderfon, or the faid William Bourne, and to take up any way or paflage from the faid road iuto any field or land adjoining, which may obflrudl the free paflage of water, and to remake the fame by building a gutter or fewer, or arch therein, at a fuffici-ent depth, and to fcour and clear away all obftrudtions which may happen to he made io any drain for carrying away water from the faid road, or for preventing its injuring the flame, and to pull down and remove any fign-poft which (hall be tredltd contrary to this adt, firft obtaining a warrant under the hand and feal of any magiftrate, or any of the commiflioners, or of the faid John Anderfon, or the faid William Bourne, for fo doing, and to levy the expence thereof, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender, or of the owner or occupier of the land wherein fuch way, paf-fage, or drain, or bufhes fhall be, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner on demand.

XLV. And be it further cnadled, That it (hall and may be lawful for the grand jury at any aflizes or quarter feflions, to prefent any houfe, or part of a houfe, or linpe-kiln, to be pulled down, which {hall be built contrary to this a&, within their county, and that the cxpcnccs of fo doing, be levied

The thirty-third Tear of George III.	713

off the goods and chattels of the offender ; and that it fhali A. D.

*nd may be lawful for any perfon to kill any dog which fhali 1793.

\>t kept contrary to this ad, without being fued or profe- Chap. 32* cuted for fo doing.	v—

XLVI. And be it further enaded, That if any overfeer Overfeer,&c. or infpedor or other perfon authorized by the faid John Anderfon, or the faid William Bourne, to ad as fuch,(hall ing warrant, omit to apply for any fuch warrant for forty-eight hours 48 hour* after after he fhali have been informed, or have feen any of the knowledge of {aid offences or matters, or having obtained fueh warrant,	**

{hall omit for forty-eight hours to execute the fame, unlefs * * prevented by the ftverity of weather, or fhali omit to apply at the next enfuing feffions or affizes for fuch prefentment as aforefaid, or fhali delay or negled to feize, profocute for, and levy any of the penalties for offences again ft this ad, which (hall come or happen within his knowledge, view, or information, he fhali forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch omiflion, delay or negled, upon convidion thereof before any juftice of the peace, upon the oath of any one credible witnefs.

XLVII. And be it further enaded, That if the driver Pcrfonsrid-or perfon in care of any car, cart, dray, or waggon, or carnage, fhali ride upon the fame, on any part of the ^nc faid road, not having fome other perfon on foot, or on ohUruAic^ paf* borfeback, to guide the fame, (fuch carriages as are refpec- or driver* tively drawn by one horfe only, or two horfes a-breait, with rcruSi^^tooirn bridles in their mouths, and are condudcd by fome perfon &c for. holding the reins of fuch bridles excepted); or if the driver feit 10s. or perfon in care of any carriage, fhali by negligence or wil- *f owner, aos. ful mifbehaviour, hinder, obftrud or interrupt the paflage l^rrUTwMtit. of any other carriage, or any* of his Majefty-s fubjeds on the faid road; or if the driver or perfon in care of any empty or unloaded car, cart, or other carriage, fhali refute or negled to turn afide, and to make way for any coach, chariot, chaife, loaded waggon, cart, car, dray, or other loaded carriage, every fuch perfon being convided thereof,

}>y his own confeflion, or by the oath of any one credible witnefs, before any juttice of the peace, fhali, for every fuch offence, if fuch offender be not the owner.of fuch carriage, forfeit the fum of ten fhillings 5 and »f fuch offender fhali be the owner of fuch carriage, he fhali forfeit the fum of twenty fhillings, and every fuch offender fhali, upon nonpayment thereof, be committed by fuch juftice, to the gaol or houfe of convdion, there to be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding one month, or until the faid fine be paid; and every fuch offender or perfon in care of fuch carriage, offending in any of the faid cafes, may, by the authority of this ad, and without any other warrant, be apprehended

frvrfons renting, or af-fuiking colicc-*»*, attempting a icfcuc, or cuaftabU ne-gjtaftictg to ex*

not, forfeit ftom^pc. to id. or foffer 3 wraths im-fnfocuneoc

Tfifttes, Ac. wufct former *£K from Haas

•* Mjlt) bo-*®»gh, and Tm> wavara to limerick, to Atfioet all books, V toperfoos ^pointed aa fctio*

Tbe tbiriy-third Tear gf George III.

prthended by any perion who (hall fee fnch offence <0 mitted, and conveyed or delivered to,a conftable, or other peace officer, to be conveyed before fome juftice of the peace.

XLV1IL And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any perfon or perfona (hail refill, or make forcible oppofitioo-againft any perfon or perforu? employed in the due execution of this ad, or (hall aflauk any colledor of the toll*, or any * mfpedor or overfter, in the execution of his or their office or offices, or fhall make, or attempt to make, any refeue of cattle, carriage, or other goods di ft rained or feized by virtue of this ad; or if any conftable, or fub-conftable, (haU refufe or neglect to execute any warrant granted by any jnf-. tice, or by any commillioner purfuant to the diredioat of tin's ad, every fuch perfop offending therein, and being con^ vided thereoH>efort any juftice of the peace, by hit or her own confeflion, or by the oath of one credible witnefs, (haU, for e*ery fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings, at the diferetion of fuch juftice; and in cafe the fame (hall not be immediately $>aid, fuch juftice is hereby empowered and required to commit fuch offender to the common gaol or houfe of correction, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, unlefs the /aid forfeiture (hall be (ooncr paid,

XL{X. And be it farther enabled. That the truftees, commiflioners, treafurer, clerks, and all others a&ing under,. or by virtue of feveral ads refpeding that part of the (aid road, from Naas to Maryborough, and from Toomavara to , JJmerick, hereby repealed, (hall deliver upon demand mode » by a treafurer, or fuch other perfon as (haU be appointed by the (aid John Anderfon, and William Bourne, all books,, papers, maps and accounts, refpeding the faid road; and; that all monies which (hall have arilen, or may arife, by . virtue of the faid ads hereby repealed, and (haU be payable to the truftees thereby appointed, or be in their hands, * or in the hands of their treafurer, together with all fecuri-tieB for money due, or to be due to them, as truftees of the faid road, (hall be paid and handed over by them, or their fccrctary, to the treafurer, or fuch other perfon as (hall be fo appointed; and all fuch monies (hall be applied towards the purpofes of this aft, or towards payment of fuch part of the fum of two thoufand pounds, lent as aforefaid, by the (aid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, to the, truftees of part of the faid road, for the repair of the laid road, and which may remain due to the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, after the paffing of this ad, and towards the purpofes of this ad, in fuch manner as the (aid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them fhall \hiuk

% proper;

Digitized by Google

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

groper $ and that all monies which became doe, and that may befcome due before the palling of this adt, to the truf-tees or treafurer of the faid road, from Maryborough to Too-mavara, by any perfon or perfons whatsoever, ana aQ bonds and other fecurities for the fame, (hall be veiled in, and payable to James Stephens Brownlow, and William Meagher, efquires, arid the furvivor of them, and the executors or ad-miniftrators of fuch furvivor, to be paid by them, or either p£i:hem, or the executors, or the administrators of the furvivor of them, to and amongft the creditors of the faid roadr from Maryborough to Toomavara rateably, according to their demands, as foon as they, or either of them, may receive the fame, or any part thereof, firft deducting the colls, expences, and charges that may incur, in filing for^ and recovering the fame; and that all bonds and other fecurities, due or executed by any perfon or perfons for, or on account of the faid road from Maryborough to Toomavara, or of the tolls thereof, and all books, * deeds, writings, and papers of any kind, relating to faid road, or to the tolls thereof, in the hands of the treafurer, or clerk of the faid road, or iq the hands of any other perfon or perfons whatfbeyer, (hall, immediately on demand, be handed over to faid James Stephens Brownlow, and William Meagher, or either of them, or to their order, and that they the faid Jantes Stephens Brownlow, and William Meagher, and the furvivor of them, and the executors or adminiftrators of fuch furvivor, Ihall have full power and authority in' their own names, and Ihall be capable to fue for, and recover in any ■ of his Majefly’s courts of law or equity, all and every fum and fums of money fo due, or that may become due before the palling of this adl, and to give discharges for the fame, and to fettle &H accounts relative to the fame; and that any agreement or leafe for fetting the tolls of the kid road, or any part thereof, or for any other purpofe refpe&ing the laid road, which may be made for any term or period after the palling pf this aft, by the truftees appointed by the (aid aft, Ihall' be null and void.- . -i L. And be it further enafted, That if any trullee, trea- Tniftee, &c. •furer, clerk, or other perfon, Ihall negleft or refufe on de- refnfine to give tnand, or within fix days after demand, to deliver tq the laid JJpdecds, ^ James Stephens Browniow, and William Meagher* or either mand^lord *" of them, or the furvivor of them, or the executors or ad- chant, may minillrators of fuch furvivor, all fuch deeds, books, papers, order,fcc. writings, and accounts, as refpe&or relate to any. part of the faid road, from Maryborough to Toomavara, and all money, and fecurities for money, payable or due, or to became due, to, the trudecs hereof, or to their late or any tftafqrer for, or refpefting the £ud road; that it Ihall and I	may.

716	The	thirty-third	Year	of	George	III.

A. D.

^793-Chap. 32.

Troftec, flee, •egletting to give up books, flee. 6 days alter demand, lord chanc. may make ardor,flee.

Fine* m«y be levied by dif-trefs by juftice*s warrant, or per-fous committed Cor 2 months.

Juft ices to ad-•ainifUr oaths.

may be lawful for the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, ot lords commiflioner8, for the cuftody of the great feal for the time being, upon the hearing of the cafe, to make fuch order, as to juftice fhall appertain.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any trnftee, trea-furer, clerk, other perfon, (hall neglcd or refufe upon demand, or within fix days after demand, to deliver to the treafurer, or fuch other perfon as fhall be appointed by the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, for the purpofe aforefaid, all fuch *book3j papers, maps, and accounts, as refped or relate to any part of the faid road, and to deliver and give up all money, and feeurities for moneys due to the truftees, for any part of the faid road, that it fhall be lawful for the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lord* commiffioners, for the cuftody of the great feal for the time being, upon the hearing of the cafe, to make fuch order as to juftice may pertain.

LII. And be it further enaded, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed for any offence committed againft this ad, the manner of levying, and applying which, is not herein particularly direded, fhall and may be levied by dif-trefs and fale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of the juftice before whom the offender fhall be convided, by the oath of one credible witnefs, or his or her own confcffion ; and in cafe of non-payment thereof, or of any fine or penalty which fhall be impofed by the authority of this ad> the offender fhall be committed by fuch juftice, by warrant under his hand and feal, to the common gaol, or houfe of corredion, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, or until the faid fine, forfeiture, or penalty be paid ; and every fuch fine, forfeiture or/;malty, when paid, (hall be applied by the faid John Anderfon, and William Bourne, in aid of the tolls towards the ufes of the road, and m rewarding the informer, or parties conviding, and the conftables, dr other peri cm a aflifling, or partly in one, and. partly in the other of the faid ways, as to the fajd John Anderfon, and to the faid William Bourne, fhall feein proper.

LII1. And be it further enaded, That every juftice of the peace fhall have power within his jurifdidion, to admi-nifler all oaths which are hereby required or direded, or which may l>e neceffary for the purpofes of this ad ; and if * any perfon fhall take or fubferibe any oath or affirmation, preferibed or empowered to be taken by virtue of, or in pursuance of this ad, or for the purpofes of carrying this ad into execution, and fhall wilfully affirm, or “fwear fafly therein, every fuch perfon fhall upon convidion, fuffer the

pai&%;

Digitized by

Google > n

7he thirty-third Tear of George IIL

pains and penalties ena&ed againft perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LIV. And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes where an oath is preferibed or mentioned in this a&, the affirmation of the party, if he or fhe be a quaker, fhall and may be made or taken in the place of fuch oath.

LV. And be it further ena&ed, That where any diflrefs (hall be made for any fum or fums of money, to be levied by virtue of this a&, the diflrefs itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the fame, be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpaffers on account of any default, or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the party or parties diftraining, be deemed a trefpafTer or trefpaffers ah initio, on account of any irregularity which fhall be afterwards done by the party or parties diftraining, but the perfon or perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity may recover full fatisfadlion for the fpecial damage, in an a&ion on the cafe.

LVI. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every part of the prefent line of the faid road, and of all other roads at prefent made, and which may be included in the faid intended line of road, and all the faid new line of road to be made, purfuant to the powers, and in virtue of this a&, fhall be within, and fubje& to the powers of the fame, and of no other law whatfoever.

LVI1. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, and each and every •verfeer, who fhall be appointed by the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, fhall have the like power and authorities, as any of the overfeers appointed under any of the laws now in force, or which may be hereafter made, for the amending, repairing, or making the public roads, now have, or are, or (hall be entitled to.

LVI1I. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, the fupervifors, colle£tors, and all other perfons nominated by them, fhall have all and Angular the fame powers and authorities, and the like regulations, penalties and forfeitures, fhall affed and extend to every part of any new road laid out by the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, as are provided or ena&ed with refped to any part of the prefent road; and that every map, declaration, and affidavit refpedtfng the fame, fhall be preferred amongft the records of the county, with whofe treafurer the fame fhall have been de-pofited.

L.IX. And whereas the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, have propofed to immediately lend to the frveral truftccs of the fitid road; from Naas to Maryborough

and

717

Affirmation of a auaker may be taken.

Diftreffes not deemed unlawful for want ef form.

Prefent line of road, to be fubjett to this aft.

Overfeer ay-pointed by faid Anderfon and Bourne, to have ufual power*.

Powers veftod in faid Ander-fjpnaad Beerae.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Said Ander-fou and Bourne propofc to lend *7,oool. to truf-te»«i if rc-wBent tlid iDtercft be Secured.

•ftadjuries nypnftm it. per perch for foot path.

Within 4 Tears from pre-ftntmcnt, road to be kept in repair for remainder of jo pears.

The thirty-third Tear of George IIL

tnd Bally roan, and from Maryborough to Limerick, or t# fuch other perfon or perfons^as fhall be authorifed to receive and apply the fame, twenty fevc-ii thoufand pounds, for the purpofe of having the faid road put into proper repair ; provided that they the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, (hall be fecured in the re-payment of the faid ftim of twenty feven thoufand poqnds, and of the rcgti^ lar mtereft which fhall grow on the faid fum : and whereas the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, have farther propoftd, that fhould fuch propofition not be approved and acceded to, that then and in that cafe, they the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, for and in confideration of the faid entire tolfe of the faid road, being afligned and made over to them, or the furviyor, or the affignee of fuch furvivor, to the full extent, and in man* nef aforefaid, on the palling of this a&, for and during the term of thirty years, to be computed from the period aforefaid, and in virtue of the powers veiled ki them* and each of them, by this a&, that they will give fuch fccurity as (hall be required, to the amount of twenty thoufand pounds, and enter into a recognizance for the fame, in the court of chancery, in the ufual manner, conditioned to fulfil the conditions to be fpecified, and fet therein, namely* that they will within two years at the furtheft, from fuch period as they (hall be. empowered and enabled by the prefentment of any grand jury, to the extent, and in manner heretofore Hated fo to do, widen, or caufe to be widened, in manner presented, every part of fuch old road fo prefen ted to be widened, and they will put the entire of fuch old road fo prefented, into perfect repair, at the ex pence of them the faid John Anderfon, and William Bourne, fave as to tbe (aid widening and rt'compenlipg the land-owners for the fame.

LX. And be it further ena&cd, That it fhall be lawful for every grand jury of every county through which any part of the faid road fhall pais, to prefent any fum of jmo-ncy, not lefs than one (hilling per perch for a foot-path, and to caufe tthe money fo prefented, to be paid to the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, which foot-path fo prefented, fhall be made and kept in proper repair, by the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, jn like manner as the feveral parts of the (aid road, and fubie& to the like regulations and penalties

LX I. And be it enaded, That within four years at the furtheft, from fuch period as they (hall be empowered and enabled by the preferment of any grand jury, to the extent and in manner aforefaid fo tc 4'» and, {hall have aH neoefTary bridges built in manner aforcuid, they will make perfedl

the

77* thirty-thud Tear of George IIL

titc entire of fnch new road fo prefented in 'manner afore- A, Ek faid, and that they will keep, or caufe to be kept, the en- ,793* tire of fuch road fo prefented as aforefaid, in perfeA repair, Cljnp. yi* for and during the remainder of the faid term of thirty v years, to be computed as aforefaid*

LX1I. And be it further enaAed, That if after the ex- If after^yeata ptration of four years, from presentments having been grant- mcm^^ook. ed tolhe extent, and in manner herein before named,it fee not expend-ftyalfr appear to the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or loyds cd, lord ch.au:. cOmmiffioners, for the cuftpdy of the great feal for the time Jnay	,

bring, that any pdrt of the faid line of road from Naas to Maryborough, and Ballyroan, and from * Maryborough to ter toll^ See. Limerick, 19 not in complete repair, and if upon examina- -tk>n ft fhall appear to. the faid lord chancellor, or lord kfceper, or lords corhmiffioners, that the faid fum of twenty feveh thoufand pounds, (hall not have been expended in ct-fc&uating the faid repair and improvemc #,, to the extent alid in manner herein Before named, it (hall be lawful for the ' fatfd lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commiflioners, to levy the faid penalty of twenty thoufand pounds, upon the? faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, and to fequdter the tolls of the faid road, and by fnch perfon or -perfons as the faid lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commiflioners (hall deem fit to apply the faid penalty of twenty thoufand pounds, and the faid tolls, to the repair of the faid road, and to continue to fo apply the faid tolls, , until the faid road (hall have been put into complete order and repair,

LX1II. And be it further enaAed, That if any of the Any commit fold commiflioners of any of the faid diftriAs refpeAively, fioncr may call of the faid road, (hall at any time during the continuance of a mectirS’. this a A, after the term of four years from the palling of the repair, fame, for and during the remainder of the faid term of afi-r 4yean* thirty years, deem any part of fuch diftriA of the faid road out of repair, that it fhall be lawful for the faid commif- 3 lioners to call a meeting of the reft of the commiflioners of fuch diftriA, by notice to be polled on the feveral toll-gates . within fuch diftriA, which notice fhall fpecify the caufe of1 fuch required meeting, and fhall be poftrd on fuch gates, at ■ kaft teirdays before the day appointed for fuch meeting; , and if it fhall appear to a majority out of four of the faid commiflioners, at fuch meeting fo called, that any part of 1 the road within fuch diftriA is out of repair, it fhall be lawful for the faid majority of the faid commiflioners, to prefer a petition to the lord chancellor, or lord, keeper, or lords commiflioners for the cuftody of the great feal for the time being, fetting forth the matter of faid complaint 5 and th$ faid lord chaocellort or lord keeper, or lords commiflioners c	for

1

When the fotd is repaired, laid Anderfon and Bourne' may prefer a petition.

Oatftanding debentures for Sol each, as

Tbi thirty-third fear of George Ilf.

for the cuftody of the great feal, may, upon the hearing of the matter of the (aid complaint, make an order to hare a receiver appointed, to receive the amount of the (aid tolls, and to appoint fuch perfon as to the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiffioners may feem meet, a proper and fuitable perfon to overfee and lay out the fame, in the repairing and amending the faid road, with one (hilling and fix pence per pound for receiving and laying out, and accounting for the fame, and that fuch perfon or perfons fo appointed, (hall continue to receive and to apply the laid tolls, in manner aforefaid, until the faid road (hall be put into pcrfedl repair, by fuch perfon or perfons, or by the faid John Anderfon, or the faid William Bourne.

LXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That at fuch time as the faid road (hall have been thoroughly repaired by the faid John Anderfon, or by the faid William Bourne, or by the perfon or perfons (o appointed by the faid lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commiffioners, it (hall be lawful for the faid John Anderfon, or the faid William Bourne, to prefer a petition to the lord chancellor for the time being, letting forth the repair of fuch di(lri& of the faid road, or by notice to be polled in manner aforefaid, and fpecifying as aforefaid, to call a meeting of the faid commiffioners of fu<?h diftrill of the faid road; and if it (hall appear to the laid lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commiffioners, or to a majority confiding of fix out of feven, of the commif-fioner8 affembled at fuch meeting, that fuch diliri£t of laid road fhall have been perfedlly repaired, the faid lord chancellor, or the lord keeper, or the lords commiffioners, or the faid majority of the faid commiffioners fo affembled, may give an order under the hand and feal of the faid lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commiffioners, or under the hands and feals of the faid commiffioners, to the perfon or perfons fo appointed by the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commiffioners, to relinquifh and totally refign to tha fai 1 John Anderfon, or the faid Wifliam Bourne, or to fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall authorize thereto, tht management of the repair of the faid diftridl of the faid road, and of the tolls thereof, which faid management, and faid tolls, the faid perfons are required on receiving fuch notice as aforefaid, to refign to the faid John Anderfon, or to the faid William Bourne, or to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be authorized by them to receive the fame.

LXV. And in as much as the prefent creditors have little or no expc&ation of receiving any part of the fum for which they have received debentures upon the faid road; be it enabled, That each debenture of fifty pounds, at prefent (lauding out ou that part of th? road which lies between Naas,

BaUyroan*

Power* not

The thirty third Teat of George III.

tallyman, and Maryborough, under any law now in being,

(hall Itarui as a fecurity for fifteen pounds only, with intereft for the fame, at the rate of live pounds per centum per artnum9 on faid fifteen pounds, payable from the firft day of May, which will be in the year one thoufand eight hundred; and upon that part of the faid road which lies between the faid town of Maryborough, and the town of Toomavara, (hall ,

(land as a fecurity for feven pounds ten (hillings, and no more, for each fifty pounds; and upon all the refidue of the faid road, each debenture as aforefaid, of fifty pounds, (ball Hand as a fecurity for five pounds only, and no more, with like rate of intered, and payable from the firft day of May, one thoufand eight hundred, as aforefaid.

IrXVI. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That no part of the powers, nor no part of the tolls afore- veftediu Ander*

faid, (hall be veiled in or afligned to the faid John Anderfon,

or the faid William Bourne, by virtue of this aft, unlefs the cntirsd ibu£

faid John Aitdcrfon, and the faid William Bourne, (hall firft

enter into and give fecurity in manner aforefaid, for the due

application of the fame.

LXVII. Provided always, That all bridges neceffary to Prefenttncnta be built over and acrofs any dream or river interfering any for bridge* to be of the faid''new line of road, for which prefentments (hall e^ing have been applied for in manner heretofore Hated, (hall have thbaa, ortho been prefented at the affixes next enfuing after palling this following, aft* or at the affixes following; and provided that the words putting the faid road into perfeft repair, and keeping the faid road in fuch repair, (hall not be deemed to imply more refpefting* any of the faid bridges than relates to the mere road part or furfaee of the faid bridges.

L XVI11. And be it further enabled, That when the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, (hall have \ given fuch fecurity in manner aforefaid, it (hall for them the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William execute all prl-Boumc, to enter upon and execute all and every the feve* vhegea, See. ral privileges, powers, and immunities deputed to and veHed in them by this aft, for and during the continuance of the faid term of thirty years, to be computed from the paffing ' of this aft.

LXIX. And be it further enafted, That from and after Anderfon and the paffing of this aft, fuch fecurity being firH given, it (hall Bourne may be lawful for the (aid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bourne, to demand and receive by fuch' perfon or perfons y^[J^ * °	■

us they (hall authorize thereto, all and every the faid tolls at the faid fevcral gates, to the full extent and in the manner aforefaid, and under the faid conditions for and during the faid term of thirty years, to ba computed as aforefaid* and that fronfi and after the paffinf of thia aft, the Voi.. IX.	Z	»	whole

When Ander* Ton and Bourns “V) have given fecu-be lawful rjty> they m*y

tjtl

.' The thirty-third Tear of George HI.

A, D.

1793-

Chap. 32.

Form of prefen tments.

whole right of receiving the faid tolls, and of applyrog tht fame, fhnll he veiled in tlit faid John Anderfon, and the {aid William Bourne, and the furvivor of them, and the executors and adminiftmtors of. fuch furvivor, for and during the faid term of thiity years, to be computed as aforefaid, any ftatutc or few to the contrary notwit lifts nd-ing; fubjed rieverthelefs to tlire conditions aforefaid, and not otherwife.

LXX. And be it further enaded, Tliat in all cafes where grand juries are empowered to prefent any fum or faros of money, for the carrying into effed each of the feveral pur* pofes of this ad, the feveral formr of preferments (hall bt purfued and obferved, as are provided and obferved upon prefentment roads, or eKewhere, and to be accounted for in like manner, and fubjed in every refped to the like regulations, fave as herein before named? or fave as provided by an ad of the thirty-fecond of George the third, entitled, yJn ad for improving and keeping in repair the poft roads of this

kingdom. ”	•	.

Holder*of LXXI. And be it fartltpr enaded by the authority . debentures to aforefaid, That the feverad pc^fons pofleffing debentures for tCuter thvm With or Upon any part of the laid rokd, (hall within three months ^mondisWlt m a^cr l^,e p»ffing of this ad, enter with the treafurer, or fuch other perfon as (hall he appointed as aforefaid, to receive the feveral accounts aforefaid, refpeding the faid road, a particular account of their faid debentures, dating the amount of fuch debentures, and the date and nature thereof.	*

From tft	LXXII.	And	be	it	further	enaded, That from and after

May, i?oo, the tirft day of May, one thoufand eight hundred, the faid , Anderfon and J«hn Andetfon, ai d the faid William Bourne, (hall begin t0 Pay t0 Per^on 0r Per^ons as ft all be duly authorized to receive tl*c farrr^, intered on the fums allowed by this ad pn each debenture refpedively, and (hall on every firft day of November, and ev^ry firft day of May, at a houfe to be appointed in Dublin f,and of which houfe due notice (hall •be given in the Dublin gazette, continue regularly to pay fiich intered.to the owntr of fuch debenture, who (had produce fuch debenture with the owners receipt for the intered on fuch debenture,' and an authority from the owner to receive the fame.

If intered be LXX1II. And be it further enaded. That if any part of unpaid 7 day-, the faid intered Audi be behind or unpaid by the faid John An* lord chartc. may derfon, and the faid William Bourne, for feven days after the cciverT * rC~	days fo appointed for the payment thereof, the lord chan-

cellor, or ford keeper, or lords comnriffioners of the great feal* may upon a petition and affidavit, appoint a receiver to recojvtjo much of the toUs of the faid road, as may be ne* ^	ceflary

\

The thirty-third Tear of George I1L "	*	*

fcelTary tn pay~fuch intereft, and the receivers fees, an Jall A. D. reafonable colls attending fuch Application, or may make x793*	*

fuch order for fequeftering the tolls for the payment thereof, Chap. 32. as to juftice (hall pertain.	K~**~\~**^J

LXXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be Anderfonand lawful for the faid John Anderfon, or the faid William Bourn*may bourne, to purchafe, hire, or rent all fuch ground as may groundCfor * be neceflary for raifing gravel or ftones for the ufe of any raifing gravel, part of the faid road, or for depofiting materials for repair- &c. ing the feme; Or laying by the ferapings and cleaning thereof.

LrXXV. And to avoid the expence and inconvenience of A memorial feparate leafes of each fpot of ground, which they may take . at A pearly rent for afiy of the piirpofes aforefaid mentioned 0ffice| fuffi^ent in this ad, or in any former ad or ads: be it further enad- evidence, ed, That where the faid John Anderfon, and the. faid William Bourne, (hall take any ground by agreement, at a yearly rent for any of the faid purpofes, a memorial of fuch agreement figned by the faid John . Anderfon, or the faid William Bourne, entered in the regiftry office at the cattle of Dublin, (hall be fufficient evidence of fuch agreement; to all intents and purpofes, and that as many agreements as the faid John Anderfon, or the faid William Bourne (hall think proper, may be contained in one fuch memorial.

LXXV1. And be it further enaded, That in all cafes Where rant where the rents to be paid for any ground, for any of the.	of*

purpofes aforefaid, (hall be afoertained by a jury, the record their venlift of the verdid of fuch jury^ (hall be fufficient evidence as fufficient evi-a fore fa id, without any demife being adually executed pur- dence. fuant thereto.

LXXV1I. And be it further enaded, That in all cafes Maps of parts Where the faid John Anderfon, and the faid William Bburne, Jffr^difcoii-(hall alter the prefent road, by taking off any unneceffary tinued, to b« angles, or making a new line of road, they (hall caufe a map lodged with ct. of fuch parts of the prefent road as (hall in confequence treafurcr. thereof be difeontinued by them as part of the turnpike road for the ufe of travellers, to be depofited with the treafurers of the county in which fuch parts (hall be fituaje ; and if the grand jury of fuch county (hall not within eight months from the time fuch map (hall be depofited, prefent fuch parts to be kept open as a public road, it (hall be lawful for the perfon or perfons owning or occupying the ground adjoining the faid road, on receiving notice in writing from the faid John Anderfon, or the faid William Bourne, or from any three of the commiflioners of the faid road fo to do, flop up fuch old road fo continued, and to annex and join it to the lands adjoining; and if the owner or occupier aforefaid, (hall not within fix days after notice (hall be fo giycn, effe&ually Z z 2	flop

t*4

a- u.

‘793-Chap 324

<Tht ttirly-tiird Ttat of peorgc It I.

Aop up 6ich old roaj Co to he difeontinued, every fuch par! of the bid old road as (hall not be fo prefented (hall be, and is hereby declared to be veiled in the faidl John Anderfon* and the faid William bourne, for and during the remainder of the faid term of thirty years a fore laid, for the benefit of Che bid John Aodcrfon, and the faid William Bourne, and /hall and may be fet by the faid John Anderfon, and the £id William Bourne, or either of them, and the rent or money anting therefrom, (hall b^ applied, by them toward# payment of the rents of fuch grounds as. they may think proper to take by yearly rent, or Co pur chafe foT any, of the purpofes bettin before mentioned, or in any former

*a.

tto prefer*!- LXXVIII. Provided always, That tto £uch prefentAent ment for filch for keeping open any fuch p*rt of. the prefont road (hall be part* to be kept made by any grand jury, except upon an affidavit of two sJfidavi0* Up€>ft	perfons,	who.	can	read	and write, fetting forth that

Vlt'	fuch part of the road ip oeceflary to. be kept open, a# a pub-

lic road for the convenience of travellers.

If owner* of LXXiX. And be. it further cna&cd* That if at any land neglect time thereafter the grand Jury of fuch county (Hal} prefcht fV>ill*"bc^efled*in t^c w ** ft°pptd up, and if the perfon or perfotta Anderfon and owning ot occupying the land adjoining, (hall not withia ftserne,	foe days after notice (hall have been givtn in manner afore*.

faid, effectually (top up the faid road fo prefented to be flopped* up, it fhsfl be immediately, thereupon, and is hereby -declared to be veiled in the faid John Anderfon, and the faid Wiftfsm Bourne, for the remainder of the faid term of thirty years, without any further ad,done on their behalf, ms fully as if the fame never bad been prefented to be kept

Vonero femir, deepen, fill or widen, any drain, S*c. on faid road without order of Anderfon or Boomc.

open.

LXXX. And. whereas it ft ncceffary for the better management of the faid. road, that the drains on the (Idea thereof, Akouid be under the, controul of the faid John Ander-fony and the faid William Bourne; be it therefore. ena&cd. That, if any perfon (hall fcour, deepen, fill up, or widen aay drain or ditch, or any part of any drain or ditch on the fide of any part of tbc faid road, without the order of the faid John Anderfon, or the faid William Bourne, it (halL and may lawful to and for the faid John Anderfon, or tbc faid William Bourne, to caufo the fame to be. filled up or fooured as they may think fit, and to levy the expepoc. thereof, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuch perfoo.

LXXXI. And whereas (lones, bricks, and dung, or manure frequently fall on the faid road from the cars on. which they are loaden, and are left remaining thereon, ta. the great inconvenience of perfons travelling the faid road y V it therefore ^na&ed, That .every car.thatJhaH Cany.^anpJ 4-

\

The th\riy-lh\fd Tear of Oeorgc III*	f

donee, bricks, dung, or manure on the fafd road, (hall he	A. Eh	.

boarded oij the front (ides and b^ck, thereof, with boards	* 793»

eight inches high at the leaft; and that For every car fo 6tlap: loaden p'hich fhall not be boarded in manner aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for the gate-keepers at every gate Car* parrying on the faid road, to demand and take the fum of one (hilling d«ng!or ma-' for every fuch car every time it (hall pafs through any of nure/to be the faid gates, in like manner and with the fame remedies boaidcda* k upon refufal as in cafe of any other toll now paid or payable	***

at any turnpike-gate pn the faid road, and the owner or ^tc^ndo^ef pwners of every car loaden as aforefaid, without being board- n»au*forlcit is*, fd as aforefaid, (hall forfeit the fum pf ten (hilljngs^ upon con vision on the oath of one credible witnefs before any jullice of the peace within his jurifdidion, which fum (hall be levied and applied in the manner befoie direded'.

L.XXXII. And be it further enaded by the authority Ifanyfuit aforefaid, That if any fuit (hall be commenced again!! any commenced, perfon pr perfons for any thing done in purfuance of tbs i^coCKildare ad, that in every fuch cafe the venue in fuch a$ttor\ (haft icing's co. u be laid in one qf the counties of Kildare, King’s county* QueenVco. Queen’s county, Tipperary, or Limerick, and not elle- 'A*»p|>erary, os where, and the defendant or defendants in fuch adion o$ ^,mcric^ ad ions to he brought, may plead the general iflue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial ta be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by authority of this ad 5 and if it (hall appear fo to be done, or that fqCfi adion or adfons (hall he brought in any other County, that then the jury (Jiall find for defendant or defendants, and upqu fuch vtydid, or if the plaintiff (haty be non-fnrted, or difcpntinue his adion after the defendant pr defendants (hall have appeared, or if on any demurrer judgment (hall be given ag^init tho plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fhall n>»d may recover treble colts, ai\d have the like remedy for the fame a,* any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes by law

LXXXIII. And he it further enaded by the authority A publish gforefaid. That this ad (hall bo deemed, adjudged, and a&* taken to be a public ad, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftiets, and other perfons yvhatfoevcr^ ynthqu! fpciaJlj* pleading the lame*

CHAP*

7*6

A* D<

Tfhe thirty-third Year of George Ii^

CHAP XXXIV.

An A8 for the Support of the Honour and £>ignity of Hu Mj-( jefty's Crown in Ireland, and for granting to Hu Afajefty q Civil Lift Eftabli/hment, under certain Proviftous and Regulation*.

r Preamble,	your	Majefty,s	moil	dutiful	fubjeds	the common?

VV of Ireland, in parliament aflcmbled, with hearth full of the warmefl duty and gratitude,	deGrous that

a certain and competent revenue for defraying the expenccs of your Majefty civil government, and fupporting the dig* nity and honour of your crown in Ireland, during your Ma-jefty’s life, (which God long prefervt,) may be fettled oq your Majefty,’ 2nd as a teftimony of our unfeigned attention to your facred perfon, through whom your Majefty’s fub-jeds have the ftrongeft aflurance, that (hh religion, laws,' and liberties of this realm will be continued, and that they your Majefty fubjeds and their pofterity, may‘through the Divine good.iefs, enjoy every blefling under your aufpicious feign, have rcfolved to griint unto y6u our moft gracious fovereign lord king George the third, a certain revenue payable as herein after mentioned, and do moft humbly bs> feech your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enad-ed. by the Kiug^.s moll excellent'Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and all duties, taxes, by the authority of the fame, That all duties, rates, &c iieretofore jmpofitions, and taxes heretofore granted to his Majefty, or

granted, and	of preddceflbrs not appropriated to any ufe or ufes,

not appronn- . \ . r r	.	r^r	j	!

ated; aud iu- and the lcvcTal duties, rates, impolitions, and taxes granted

tics, &c. prant- to his Majefty this fcflioh of parliament, by an a&, entitled^ the he^nr’	for granting for one year the fever at duties therein men•

recited a/K ”n(j tioned% in lieu of all other duties payable upon the articles therein not approprj* fpce'Jied during the faid termf and for continuing the effect of the ated; * treaty of commerce and navigation fgnid at Verf ail Us ca the twenty ftxth day of September, one thoUfand feven hundred and eighty fx, between his Majefty and the nwjl Qhriftian 'King, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom, ami his Majcjly's colonies, and for other purpofes therein mentioned; and not appropriated or direded to be applied to any particular ufe or tifes, or purpofe or purpofes by the faid ad, and alfo the feveral rates and duties granted by another ad, entitled, An a 3 for granting to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceJforsy thi ftvefal duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the cummijftoners

The thirty-third Year of George Iff*

fir managing the Jiamp duties ; and by another aft, entitled, dn ad for granting unto his Majejiyy his heirs and fvcctjjors, certain duties and rates upon the portage and com>cyanee of all letters and packets within this kingdom ; and not d hefted to be applied to any particular ufe by laid aft, and alfo by another aft, entitled, dn ad for granting to his Majejly for one year the duties therein mentioned on fire hearths, in lieu of all duties payable on the fame, prior or during the faid term, and alfo the feveral duties payable on licenfes for felling wine, ale, and fpirit8by retail,' and on wool licenfes, the monies aiifing by crown rents, compofitjon rents, quit rents, and all other rents payable to, and for the ufe of his Majefty, the monies arifing by fines fpr writs of covenant, and writs of entry, the lponies arifing by poll fines, the monies arifing by fheriffi* profers, and compofitions in the Exchequer, the revenue ^rifing on the procefs of the green wax, and all other cafuaj revenue, and the monies arifing to his Majefty from fines, forfeitures, and penalties, inflicted by virtue of any aft or 3<fts relating to any of h>> Majefty?s revenues, and all duties, rates, impofitions, and taxes, 'and all other public monies, and all arrears of any duties or revenues, and alfo all cafuaj revenues which (hail arife and be paid intp'the exchequer, not being particularly appropriated or appointed to any ufe pr ufes by any aft of parliament, (hall during the life of his faid Majefty, whom God long prefer^, be carried to and conftitu^e a fu'nd to be called the confolidated fund, and the fame fhall be ifTued and applied by the high trea-furer, vice-treafurer or vicc-treafurers of this kingdom, his pr their deputy or deputies, or by fuch other perfon or perfons as (hall or nr^ay be authorized thereto, to the ufes and purpofes herein after directed, and tq none other,

II,	And in order to fupport ;he dignity and honour of tli$ prown, and to provide for the payment of the falaries and Other charges of the civil lift eiUbliihment ; be it cnafted^ That there (hall be granted and continued, and i (Tuing and payable out of the faid fund called the confolidated fund, from and immediately after the twenty-fifth day of March% one thoufand feven hundred and ninety*four, to his Majefty during his life, (which Qod long preferve,) th$ revenue or yearly fum of one hundred and forty-five thoufand pounds, to be applied by the high treafurer, vice-tr<^furer, or vice-, treafurers of this kingdom, or fuefi other perfon of perfons ps fhall be authorized thereto,, in payment of the falaries and other charges of the (aid civil lift eftahlifhmcnt, penfions excepted, under the provifipns in this aft contained, and that the faid yearly fum fhall grow due and be payable quarteily 09 every twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of Juntj twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day

7*7

A* D.

1793-Chap. 34.

and duties 09 licenfes, as herein.

From 2f Mur. 17^4, 145,000!. per annum, payable out of faid fund to hi*Majefty.

What Anns *n»y W paid ia ' pcfloons, &c.

Regulation of psnfiona, U bercia. .

Said fond in next place applied to fupport of government; Jcc. -

The thirty-third Tear ef George III.

of December, by even and equal portions out of the monies of the (iud confolidated fund, and that the (aid payments (hall be made preferable to all other payments charged, or which hereafter may be charged upon the laid confolidated fund.

III.	And be it ena&ed. That unt^ the penfions on the civil lift eftabliflunent of this kingdom, (hall according to the provifions herein after mentioned, be feduced to the fum of eighty thoufand pounds yearly, there (hall be alfo granted and continued, and iffuing and payable out of the faid confolidated fund, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, to hi* Majcfty, fuch futn yearly, pot exceeding the fum of one hundred and twenty-four thoufand pounds, as (hall be equal

10 the amount of the penfions in every fuch yeac# to be pplied by the high treafurer, vjce-treafurer'or vice-trcafur-tn, or fuch other perfon or perfon s as (hall be authorized thereto, in payment of (uch penfions, and that fuch fum (Jiall grow due and be payable at the tunes herein before mentioned.	^

IV.	And be it ena&ed. That from fuch time as the amount of the faid penfions on the faid eftablifomcnt,' (hall Qot exceed the fum of eighty thoiifand pounds yearly, there (hall be granted, and continued, and ifTuing, and payable^ out of the faid confolidated'fund to bis Jylajtfty duung hii tyfc, the further revenue or yearly fum of eighty thoufand pounds in addition to the faid yearly fum of one hundred 3nd forty-fiW thoufand pounds, * making in the whole the yearly fum of two hundred and twenty-five thoufand pounds, to he applied by the high treafurer, vice-treafurer or vke-treaftirers, or fuch othet perfon or pevfons as ftiall be authorized thereto; in the pay.nent of all falarics, penfions, and other charges of the civil lift, according to the proviJ fionsof1 this a&, and' that the fame (hall grow dud and be payable quarterly it the times herein before*ine:ition£d ; and that fuch payment* (hall be made preferable to all other payments charged, ot which may hereafter be charged upoo the (aid confolidated fund.	L ' -

V.	And be it ena&ed, That the faid confolidated fund, (hall in the next place be applied to the fupport of hpi Ma-jeftyV government in this kingdom, arid to fiich purpofes as have been enabled by 'any am or ‘ afts” paflTed this feflion of parliament, by which any fum or fums of money have been dirfc&'ed to be paid to any perfon or petfbns, or for any pur-pofe orpurpofes, or which*'(hall be ’dire&ed bj

i&s of parliament to be hereafter palled.

by any a & or y i- And,

7*^ thirty*bird Tear of George IIL VI. And whereas the eftablifhment of an invariable ordef

A. p.

that fuch payments fhall be ma4e in the following order ^ C-*— that is to fay? firft, the penfion* to hit Majefty’s royal h- Qrderofpay* mily, arid the ialariea of his lord lieutenant governor) or mem of talarie* other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, and his fcn“<tos* principal fecretary; fecondly the (alariet of the lord high chancellor, lord keeper^ or lofds cdmnpllioners of the great feal of this kingdom, and judges of the courts of KingVbcnch and common pleas, and barons of the exchequer; thirdly, the bills of all tradefmen, artificers, and labourers, for any articles Supplied, or work done in his MajeftyV caftle of Publin, or any other houfes for the irefidence of the lord lieutenant) or other chief governor of this kingdom, or the thief or under fecretanes of the lord lieutenant, or other	t

chief governor ; fourthly, the falariesof all other officers on the civil eftablifhment, beginning with the lowcft; fifthly, the penfions on the ptnfion lift, beginning with the fmall-eft ; fixlhly, all other charges, which (hall be paid on the civil eftablifhjn'ent; l>e it therefore ena&ed, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feveni hundred and ninety-four, all fums of money which ffiall become due and payable out of the civil lift eftablifhment, for iny of the purpqfes aforefaid, (hall be paid according to the order and courfe herein mentioned-	>

' VII. And be it ena&ed, That it (hall.not be lawful for No fabrics the high treafurer, yicc-treafurir or vice-treafurers, or other or mentions tn ptrfons authorized thereto, to pay any falary or penfion J* hut in whatfoever, until t^c hills, falaries, and penfions of all thofe	cr-

who are entitled according to the foregoing order* fhall be firft difeharged, or cafh let apart in tfic treafury, fufficient to anfwer the whole demand of the preceding claflfes.

VIII.	And for the better regulation ot the granting of Penfions penfions, arid the prevention of excefs therein ; be it ena6l- granted in t ed, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, yw, notto one thoufand fcven hundred and ninety-four, the whole excec<fcM •

« Amount of the penfions granted in any one year, fhall not exceed one thoufand t\Vo hundred pounds, until the whole penfion lift fhall be reduced to eighty thoufand pounds, which fum it fhall not he lawful to exceed ; nor fhall afiy penfion be granted after the faid* redu&ion, to or for the ufe qf any one perfon, exceed tbt fum of qne thoufand two hundred pounds yearly, except to his Majefty’s royal family,	t

Or on an addrefs of either houfe of parliament.

IX.	And for preventing asmueh as may be, abufes in the No more than difpofal of money, under the head1 of fecret fervice money 4; soool a year

it enabled, That it fhall not be lawful for the vice-trea- f“rfcc,<5t ***•

*	......... •.	•'•••* J	vice.

The thifty4bird Teat of George-1II.

furer or vice-treafurers of this kingdom, to pay to any per? fon or perfoos whatfoever, any funj of money fojr the pur? pofe of fecret (ervice within this kingdom, which in t^e whole lhall exceed the fum of Eye thoufand pounds in any one year.

X.	Provided ajways, That it fh^ll and may he lawful for the faid high treafqrer, vjee-treafurer or vice-treafurers, or lorfecret fer-	fuch P*1^00 or perfons as fhall be authorized thereto, to pay

▼ice, Ac.	pny fum of money to the principal fecretary of the lord lieu-

tenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for fecret (crvice in detefting, preventing, or defeat? mg treafonahle or other dangerqus coufpiracies again ft the ftatet in any place within this kingdom, and that it (hall be fufficient to acquit and dtfeh^rge fuch fepretary to whom fuch fecret feryice hath been paid, to make oath before one of the barons of the exchequer in the form following ;

Oath.	/A.	B.	do	f*wear%	that	the	money	pgid	to	me	for	fecret	fer-

vice, for the purpojes of dete fling % preventing* or defeating treafondble, or other dangerous confpiracies againjl the Jlate, has been bona fide appled to fuch (urP°Jes\ 4nd no other.

So help me God-

Any fum

Sams granted

as herein deemed petitions, except under head of concordat urn.

Not to extend toll lowaiu.es for difeharge of duty,, dec.

Nor to per-fon* having petition*, Sec.

XI.	And for the better prevention of all praftices by which grants as of bounty may be made a colour under which penfions may be granted, contrary to the true inteat and meaning of this aft ; be it enafted, That any fum or fums of money given as a bounty to any perfon more thaq pnee in thre^ yeqrs, the continuance of the grant of the like fum fhall be reputed a penEon or pen Eons, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, except fqch grants as may \k made under the head of Concordatum, whiefy grants (hall not exceed in the whole the fum of five thoufand pounds yearly^ or of thirty pounds yearly, to any one perfon.

XI I. Provided always, That nothing in this aft (hall ex: tend, or f>e conftrued to extend, to any (alary or annual allowance, which has been granted or paid to any perfon or perfon, for the aftual difenarge of the duty of any public pffice or employment, and charged at any time before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufond feven hundred and ninety-three, on the civil eftablifhmcnt of this kingdom, and which ftiall continue to b$ paid for tb,e like purpofes, after the patting of this aft. *

XIII.	provided alfo, Tlrat nothing herein contained^ (hall be conftrued to extend to any penfion, for his or her life, which (hall be granted- to any perfon, who at the time of the grant thereof, hath been in the ppffefiion of a penfion

The thirly-thtrd Ttqr ofGeoyge III.

during pleafure, to the fame tfmount, granted previous %o the paffing of this aft.	*

XIV.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained, (hall extend to any falary, or yearly, or other allowance paid by the chief commiffioners of his Majeity’s revenue, out of the revenues under their management, with the approbation of the chief governor or governors of this kingdoms, for the time being.

XV.	And whereas it is expedient to provide, that oq the demife of his prefeot Majefty, (whom God long prefer ve), a fum of money (hould at the end of every quarter, be fet apart in the exchequer, equal to a fum which the whole of the hereditary duties heretofore granted, or payable to his Majeily, would amount to, in cafe the fame had pot been altered by any aft this feffion of parliament, granting duties for one year, in lieu of all former duties, or (hall not be altered by any aft to be paffed during the life of bis Majefty, to be applied to the like purpofes to which the fame would' be applicable, if this aft had not been made ; b« it therefore enafted, That from apd immediately after the demife of his prefent Mtijefty, (whom God long pre-* ferve,) the proper officers do compute the exaft fum to which the whole of the faid hereditary duties would amount, if the fame had not been altered, and tianfmit an account thereof quarterly, duto the receipt of the exchequer; and -the proper officers at the receipt of the exchequer are hereby direfted to fet apart; put of the duties which (hall compofp the faid confolidated fund, at the end of every quarter, from and immediately after tbe demife of his prefent Majefty, fuch a fum of money as i$ fhajl appear by fuch account, the whole of the faid hereditary duties would have amounted to within fuch quarter fefpeftively, and the fame (hall be paid to the fucceffors of the King’s majefty for ever hereafter, in lieu and for the like purpqfes of the fevCral hereditary duties, which would be payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, if the fame had not been altered. -

XVI.	And be it enafted, That if at any time at which any of the payments hereby direfted to be made, (hall be become due and payable, the produce of the feveral duties compofing the faid fund called the confolidated .fund, (haft hot be fufficient to anfwer and pay the feme at any day of payment, the high treafurer, or vicC-tccafurcr or vice-trea-furers of this kingdom, or foeh other perfon or.perfons as (hall be authorized thereto, (hall, in every fuch £afe he or |hey is, and are hereby empowered and required, out of any inoney wliich (hall be then remaining in tne receipt of the exchequer, of aids or fuppiies that (hall have been granted fo his Majefty in tlic year in which fuch deficiency (hall hap-

‘ J	'	pen,

Nor to fala-rie*, See.

Regulations on demife of the Kaug.

When con-, folidated fund not fuificient, deficiency to be paid out of other money. See. '

jr’ja	Tie thirty-third of Gtorge	HI'.

A. D.

1793-Chap. 34-

Officer to Iccp a diftinft account ot the coofoluUted fund.

From »5 Mar *794. no snore than 50I. to he expended on any ooufe, dec.

pen, to apply fbch fum and fume of money* not otherwHV appropriated, as (hall be foflfoient fully and completely tq anfwer and make good fuch deficiency ; and all fuch fum and fums of money (• iflued out of any of the faid aids ot fopplies, for the purpofes aforefaid, (hall be replaced to the for vice or fervices to which the fame may have been appro-* printed by parliament out of the next, or any future quar-ter* furplus of the income of the duties and revenues cony* pofing the (fid confojidated fund, any or a&s of parliament, or any daqfe or claufes contained in any acl or afU of parliament, for the application of the furplua of the foi<$ fond to the contrary in any wife not\yithlanding j and the high treafurer or rice-treaforers, or fuch perfort or perfon* as may be authorized thereto, Li, and are hereby diredtedy authorized and required, to caufe the feme to be iffoed and applied accordingly, and (hall and may from time to time, caufe to be iflued, at the receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer, all fums payable out of the taxes, duties, and revenues cony, pofing the faid fund, or out of monies applicable to the fop* plies of the year, in manner and at the times by this ad di-» reded.

XVIJ. And be it enaded, That the proper officer (hall keep a diftind account of the feveral branches of the revenue compoflng the faid fond called the consolidated fond, and the total amount, diftiiigurihing as far as is poffrfrle the fe-» veral articles on which the fame (hall have artfen, and that the vice-treafurer or vice-treafurers, or fuch other perfon of perfons as (hall be authorifed thereto, (hall every feffron of parliament, lay an account of the revenue of the faid con* folidated fund, together with all charges and payments thereout before parliament.

XVIII.	And in order to regulat^ the expcnces which oc-. cur in repairing and ere&ing public buildiugs 5 belt enaded and declared, T!\at from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, no repairs (hall be made, or work done in any dweUing-houfe pofleffcd by any perfon by virtue of any pkee or employment whereunto he hath been, or may be appointed by his Maiefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or any perfon or perfons in-authority under him or them, the expencc whereof (hall exceed the fum of fifty pounds, without the exprefs diredioit of the commiffioners of'the board of works, or any tfo-e^ of them, who may be< appointed thereinto on a furvey* and eftii mate made by fume fit perfon or perfons under their author rity, and a report from him or them, that the fame are'abr folutely neceflary, and not merely ornamental and that if the faid eftimate (hall exceed the fum of one hundred pound*;

tk*



Digitized by



The tkirty-ibiri fedf of Gedrge ill.

the repairs (hall not be made or iiudertaken without the approbation of the lord lieutenant, figdtiicd in writing.

XXX.	And be it further enacted and declared. That if any expertces (hall be incurred in the Repairs of any fuch houfe in ;:ny other way than as herein provided, they (hall uot be allowed either in the bills of any fuch offices to which the fame (hall belong, but the perfon inhabiting fuch houfe (Hall be liable to pay the full amount of the fame.

XX* Provided always, that nothing herein contained* (hall extend, or be contirued to extend* to prevent the allowing of the expences and repairs undertaken and begun in any official houfes, under the direftion of the commiffioners pf the board of works, without a furvey and edimate previ-oufly made, if it (hall appear to them on oath that there was an immediate and prefling neceflity for beginning die f&me, occafioned by any fudden or unforeseen accident, 'and ifi a furvey and edimate in the manner before direfted, (hall have been made as foon after the beginning of fuch repairs as the circumdances would permit.

X a I. And be it ena&ed and declared, That 111 public buildings or works of any kind whatfoever, carried on Solely at the public expence, (hall be hereafter in the execution of the fame, under the foie management, infpeftion, and con-troul of hi? Majedy’s board of works, and to provide for the due and faithful execution of the work, the lord lieutenant as foon as conveniently may be after the palling of this aft, (hall appoint by warrant, an architect or infpedor of civil buildings, (he being bona fide an architeft.or builder,) who (hall Superintend the execution of all public works, under the direftion of the. commiflionera of the board of works, and who is hereby declared, and (hall be incapable •f fitting or voting in parliament.

XXII,	And be it enacted, That the following rule or. method (hall hereafter be obferved with regard to all public works, that wben the lord lieutenant (hall order any new work, or additional building, the expence of which (hall exceed one hundred pounds, the plan and an ultimate of the expence of the fame (hall be laid before the commiffioners of* the board of works, and if faid edimate (hall appear reafon* able, reference being had to the works ordered as aforefaid, they may and (hall contraft for the fame, and if the edimate ofj^c (aid works, (hall exceed the Sum of one hundred: pounds in the whole, the edimate fhall.be laid before the-lard lieutenant, and if he (hall approve of the fame, the; (kid commiffioners pf board of works (hall publickly con-traft for the execution of the fame, and as often aa it (hall appear expedient to the architeft or infpeftor of civil build-fogs, appointed under thisaft, or. that he (hall receive or*.

F	dcrif

Expences to he paid hy inhabitants.

Not to prevent allowance of expences begun inofficial houfes, doc.

All works*

carried on at the public cx-pence, to be 4 under the coife troul of the board of works.

Method to be obfcrvcdwith regard to pubhjp, works.

/

The thirfyAurd Tear of George ilf.

ders from the commifilonen of the board of works (or that purpofe, he may and (hall report upon and controul the execution of faid works in all its parts, and at all tinies during the progrefs thereof.

Infpe&orto	XXIIL	And be it ena&ed, That Tt (hall and may be

fvrvey public * lawful for’tbc com mi (Boners of the board of works, before any works, Sec. paymeot on account of any works, as aforefaid be made, to order the architect or infpe&or of civil buildings to furvey the fame, and he (hall certify to (aid commiflioners on oath, which oath the faid commtflkmers ar£ authorized and required to adminifter, whether the work has been executed as far as . the fame has proceeded in a workman-like and durable manner, and with good and durable materials ; and in cafe the faid commiffioaers of the board of works (hall not be fatis-J fled with the cxpence or goodnefs of the works, they (hall and art hereby authorized to make fuch delay or abatement? as in fuch their enquiry (hall appear juft and expedient, any thing in this ad contained, or any hfw or ufafge to the contrary notwithftanding. r Hot to extend XXIV. Provided always. That nothing in this ad con-to batUft-office ;	tained, (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to any buQd-

or reyehoe	mgs creded, or to t>e creded under the diredion of the bah

e<c&edi«*’u^>l k® offices of Dublin, Cork, or Belfaft, or which have been plan, fcc laid hitherto ufually under the diredion of the commiflioners of before lord licut. the board of revenue, the expences whereof (hall not exceed the fum of one thouland pounds; provided that the plan and eftimate (hall be laid before the lord lieutenant for his approbation.

CHAP. XXXV.

An A(l for the tetter Regulation of the Marjhalfea of tie Four Cowrtt in Dublin.

Preamble,	TT^HEREAS the office of marfhat of the faid marfhal-

▼ ▼ fea of the four courts in Dublin, is attended with great ri(k, refponAbility, and expence, and many perfon* committed to the cuftody of the laid marfbal, have heretofore refufed, or declined to pay the legal rent, or rates of the rooms or apartments occupied by them refpedively, in the faid marfhalfca, and notwithftanding fuch non-payment, perfift in keeping pofleflion thereof, to the great lo(s and injury of the mar(hal of the faid marfhalfea, who has not auy adequate remedy for the recovery of fuch rents; be it ,	therefore enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by"

and with the advice and confent of the lords fpintual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflcmhled,

aad

A. D.

*793* Chap. 34.

Digitized by

Google

tlfc thirty-lhirj Tear bf Gebfgfc III.	*J3J

and by the authority of the fame, That if any perfon or A. D. perfons now confined, or hereafter to lie committed to, and 1793* confined in the faid marfhalfea, {hall decline or rtfufc to pay Chap; 35. to faid marfhal the weekly rent or rate* which the marfhal of the faid marfhalfea is, of (hall be by l*w entitled to perfons *0 pay receive, and whifch is, are, or (hall be agreed by fuch per* JJ^efeinL^ * fon or perfons to be paid, for stay room or rooms, apart* mcnt or apartments, which have been, are, or (hall be occupied by fuch perfon or perfons refpedtivcly, in the faid marfhalfea, by the fpace of thfee weeks next after one week’s rent or rate fhall be due and in arrear, and after demand being made for payment thereof, that then, and til every fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful to and for the marfhal of the faid marfhalfea for the time being, forthwith to remove evegr fuch perfon and perfons io being in arrear* from fuch room or rooms, apartment or apartments* as wae, were, or fhall be occupied by him, her, or them, during the time that fuch arrear incurred, and to place fuch perfon and perfons refoe&ively fo in arrear^ in the common hall of the faid marfhalfea.

II.	And whereas it has frequently happened that perfons confined in the faid marfhalfea, have attempted to break * open the fame, in order to efcape therefrom, and the better to avoid detection in making fuch attempts, it bas been cuftomary for fuch perfons privately to exchange the roorti or rooms, apartment or apartments, allotted to, and occupied by them refpe&ively, for the room or rooms, apartment or apartments, allotted to other prifoners therein ; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every >perfon com- Perfons committed, or to be committed to the faid marfhalfea, fhall have and occupy fuch rooms or apartments, or room or loJJdbymar-apartment only, in the faid marfhalfea, as the mat dial for IUaI. the time being fhall allot and appoint for them refpe&ively, and none other; and that it fhall not be lawful for any perfon or perfons confined in the faid marfhalfea, to exchange fuch rooms or apartments, or room or apartment, for any other in the faid marfhalfea, without the permiffion and confent of the faid marfhal for the time being firfl had and obtained for that purpofe; and if any perfon or perfons confined in the faid marfhalfea, fhall make fuch exchange, or fhall, without fuch confent as aforefaid, remove from, or refide, or inhabit in any room apartment, contrary to the direct ions of this at>, then and in every fuch cafe, it fhall be lawful for the marfhal for the time being, to remove and bring back every fuch perfon or perfons to fuch room or apartment in the faid marfhalfea, as the mar-tfhal fhall appoint for fuch prifoner or prifoners rcfpec-tively;

III.	And

Fee* to be flMttltartrifaL

The thirty-third Year of Georgt til.

III.	And whereas doubts have arifen, refpe&Mg the Fees |ayaUe to the marlhal of the faid marfhalfea, by perfon* brought up in cuftody, and committed to the mar(hal «f the laid marfhdiica of the four courts in execution ; be it cn-a&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every prifoner committed t6 the marfhal of the faid marfhalfea in execution, fhaO pay to the faid marlhal the feveral fees directed to be paid br perfon* brought into court by habeas corpus aA fatir-focimJum, and committed to the marfhal in execution, virtue of an aft made in the tenth year of his late Majefty King William the thtrd,' entitled. Am off for regulating the fees of the marjhai of the four comrtii mad for fettling the rater of lodging*, and redrefs of other abodes in the feud mar/halfea^ and in the msssfhedfem of the city of Dublm, any thing in the feidaft to the contrary therm contained in any wife not-

C H A P. XXXVIII.

An AS far giving Relief in Proceedings upon Writs ©/‘Mandamus, for the Admifon of Freemen into Corporations*

Preamble, XT7HEREAS divers perfons who have a right to be VV admitted citizens, burgefles, or freemen of divers cities, towns corporate, boroughs, and corporations in this kingdom, being refufed to be admitted thereto, have in many cafes no other remedy to procure themfdves to be admitted to the franchifcs of being citizen*, burgefles or free-meu, than by writs ol mandamus, the proceedings on which are very dilatory and eipenflve, and although any fuch writ of mandamus is obeyed, the perfon applying is neverthdefs put to great and unneceffary trouble, delay, and expence: and whereas by the laws now in being, in many cafes no provifion is made for giving cofts to the party filing out any fuch writ, where the fame is obeyed; for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembkd, perfons entitled and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the fne^uT'^vT'"	°f	A	ugufl,	one	thoufand	feven	hundred	and	ninety-

no^ of*the three, where any- perfon (hall be entitled to be admitted a nature of their citizen, burgefs, or freeman of any fuch city, town corpo-ttaiui*	rate,	borough,	or	corporation, and (hall apply to the mayor

or other perfon, officer or officers in fu^h city, town corporate, borongh, or- corporation, who haire or hath authority to admit citizens burgefles and freemen therein, to be admitted a citizen, burgefs, or freeman thereof, and fhall give

notice

V

byGoO1

ft* tkiHy-tiir* Ttat feeCIfg* Ilf.

iftrfice iti Writing, fpeCifyirtg the nature of his claim to fuch mayor, 0r other officer or officers, that if he or they fhall not fo adrtih filch perfdn a citizen, bnrgefs, or freeman, within one fnoiith frorh the time of fuch notice, the court of King’s bench will be applied to, for a writ of mandamus* to compel fuch admrflion ; and if fuch mayor, or other officer or Officers fhdll, after futh notice, refufe or ntgu I to ad-iflit fuck perfdn, and 4 Writ of Mandamus (hall after wards if-. ftfe to compel fuch mayor, or other officer or officers, to make fuch admifljon* and in obedience to fuch writ, fuch. perfon fhall be admitted by the faid mayor, or other officer or officers a citizen, burgefs, or freeman of fuch city, town corporate, borough, or corporation, then fuch perfon (hall* uhlefs the court (hall fee juft cauft to the contrary, obtain ati$ receive from the fdid mayor, ot other officer or officers fo neglp&ing Of refilling as aforefaid, ail coils to which he. fhall have been put in applying for, obtaining, and ferving fuch writ of mandamus, and enforcing the fame by a rule to be made by the court of King’s bench for the payment thereof, together with the cofts of applying for, obtaining, ferving, and enforcing the faid rule; and if the rule fo to be made, fhall not be obeyed, then the lame (hall be enforced in fuch partner, as other rules made by th* faid coui’t are, or may be enforced by law.

II.	And in order that it may be known what perfons are, from time to timi admiitcd freemen or burgeffe* of any city, corporation, or borough, be it enabled, That tire mdyor,

. bailiff, town clerk> or other officer of any city* corporation, 6r borough, having" the cuftody of, or power over the records of the fame, fhall, upon the demand of any two frec-Aien or burgefles, furniih fuch freemen or burgefies, and their agent or agents, with a copy of i'ueh entries of ad-miffion of freemen and burgefles, as fliall be demanded, upon payrrient of the fum of one fliilifng for every fuch copy or exiraft, not exceeding feventy-two words, and fo in proportion for all fuch copies or extracts ; and if any mayor, bailiff, town cltbk, or other fuch officer, fhall refufe or deny to giVe copies or extra&s as before directed, lie fhall, for every fuch denial or refufal, forfeit and pay the fum of one ,hundred pounds, to any fuch perfon fo demanding fuch extracts, to be recovered with full cofts of fuit, by a&iou of debt in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin; provided that fuch a&iori fhall be commenced wiihin the fpace of one year after the caufc of it fliall have arifen, and not afterwards.

III.	And whereas by colluflon with* perfotis having the cuftody of corporation books, divers perfons have obtained their names to be entered therein, as burgefies of freemen.

Von. IX.	3 A	as

A.

hi

D.

_-‘793* Chap. 38.

Keeper of records, on demand of 7 freemen or bur-g.fles, to furoifh a copy of entries of admifilon, as herein.

F

7 jS	thirty-third	Tear	of	George	III.

A. D. as if they had been duly cleded, although fuch perfons were 1793. never defied by the corporation ; and in order to avoid the trial of their right by mandamus* or judgment of ouftar againft Perfont have them, fuch perfons have never fued forth any writ of man* fmcred a"hITr*S ^amus' or otherwise applied to be fworn or admitted bur-gcflcs, hy cel gsflea or freemen, whereby informations in the nature of fulion, although quo warranto* cannot,be obtained, to try the validity of their aeickacd. cledion*: and whereas fuch perfons may hereafter, difturb the peace of fuch corporations, at a remote period, when it may be impofiible to produce the evidence of their fraudulent eledions; for remedy whereof, be it enaded, That horn and after the fir ft day of Auguft, which (hall be in the year one thou&nd feven hundred and ninety-four, no writ of mandamus (hall in any cafe i(Tue, for the adnoiffion of any fuch burgefs or freeman as aforefaid, unlefs fuch burgefs or freeman (hall fue forth fuch writ, within feven years after fuch entry of his or their eledion as aforefaid.

CHAP. XL.

din Ast to prevent the exeejftve Price of Coals m the City of Dublin, and for encouraging the Storing thereof

jt o. v c. \Kf HERE A San ad which palled in the thirty-firft Jt* mfhflkient. VV year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled. An a8 to prevent the exceffive price of coals in t!jc city of Dub* /in, itnd for other purpofes therein mentioned, has been found rnfutficient for the purpofes for which it was enaded \ be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflemblrd, and by the authority of the fame. That the faixi recited ad, and every matter and thing therein contained, (hall from henceforth be nidi and void.

Perfons who II • Be it enaded, That if any perfon or perfons (hall* vfc any means from and after the palling of this ad, enter into any com-t« enhance the bination or agreement, or (hall ufe any meant for enhancing

csLs ftririt 4ol Fr,cc coa^8 r fuch perfon or perfons being thereof law-*	fully	couvided	on	information	or	indidment,	(hall	(over

and above the other pains and penalties inftided by law ox fuch offences) for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; one moiety of the forfeiture and penalty fo to be recovered or inftided, to go to the perfon or perfons who ftiall fue for, or profeente fuch tndidmeutor information for the fame ; and the other moiety thereof to the governors of the houfe of induftry of the city of Dublin,

. III. And

Digitized by

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

739 A. D.

*793-Chap. 46.

20I. penalty

lit. And whereas it has become a practice for perform concerned in the loading and carrying of coals for hire, and other perfons, to interrupt the purchafers of coals from loading by thcmfelves, or perfons employed by theni, coals fo bought, to the great prejudice of fuch purchafers of coals ; for rpme-dy whereof, De it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from arid after the palling of this aCl, any perfon who (halt coals from car-interrupt or preterit any purchafer of coals, or others em- rying them away ployed by fuch purchafer. From loading or carrying away coals, in fuch manner & fuch purcfufier ot purchafer.-, or	M

perfon or perfons by them employed for fuch ptsrpofc (hall think fit, (hall, for'each and every fuch offence, forfeit a film not exceeding ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as aforefaid.

IV.	And whereas a cuftora hath of fate yerfrs prevailed, and ftill prevails in the city of Dublin, between dealers in coal9 and the porters and earthen employed in the carriage thereof to purchafctt, by fuch dealers allowing a douceur or premium to fuch porters or carmen, (commonly called the old man) by which the price of coata 48, and has been con-* fiderably enhanced on purchafers ; for remedy whereof, be

it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and Penalty on after the palling of this aft, any mailer, owner, or keeper giving or ie-of any coal vcftel, of any d£fier or pet fon employed in the pg^ 'kallcdTh* fale of coals, who (hall give, or any porter, carman, or other	xol.

perfon, who lhali demand or receive fuch douceur or premium, (commonly called the old man) (Kail, for every fuch offence, forfeit refpe&ively a fum not exceeding ten pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner as herein before mentioned.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, A board to he That from and after the palling of this act, ine mailer, hung ** tbemaft owner, or keeper of every coal-veffel, (hall be obliged, im- ^iUi reuuilire• mediately after the arrival of every fuch vefTel, at any of the to be performed, quays or publick landing places of the city of Dublin, to 5rc.

hang in a confpicuous place at the mail of faid veflel, or cf the lighter, gabbard or boat, in which coals (hall be hi ought tip to faid quays or landing placed, a board with the name of the place from whence fuch coals were really brought, and the day on which fuch matter, owner, or keeper of every fuch vcfiel lhall have firlt commenced to difebarge any pdrtof the cargo of fuch veflel, written thereupon in large legible characters, and fo placed as that the fame may be read from faid quay or landing place ; and any perfon what-ioever who thafl knowingly or wilfully fell cods bj a falle denomination, Or be any way aiding or inftrumcntal in im-pbfing upon any buyer of coals, touching the denomination ©T kind of the faid coals, fhall for every fuch offence, for-3 A a	feit

74°	The thirty-third Tear of George III.

A. D.

r»!793-

Chap. 40.

Penalty on

Dor	45

aitrtfdid.

real* to be brought on d<\k in veflel* in which mca-fiirtd, by a v imllafs, pc-' realty iol.

Matter porter* to (trike measuring vef-lels whilft railing, and fill them up.

feit a fum not exceeding ten pounds flerling, to be rea>» vered and applied in manner herein before mentioned.

VI.	And whereas many frauds have been effe&ed by affixing the uomiual price of coals on the malts of vtflels, and after felling coals thereout at prices fome time higher, and fome lime lower than fuch price fo held out, to the prejudice of the fair dealer therein ; for the remedy whereof, be it further enacted hy the authority aforefaid, That the maf-ter of every coal veflVl (hall likewise be obliged every morning immediately before the expofing of fuch coals to (ale, to aihx at a confpicuous place, at the mall of faid veffcl, a label, on which lhi.ll be written in large legible chara&crs, fo that the fame may be read from fuch quay or landing place, the price cf coals in fuch vefTel for that day per ton; and any mailer, owner, or keeper of any coal vellel or coal vef-fels, or other perfon or ptrfcns employed therein, who (hall demand or receive from any puichafer of coals any other price, whether more or lefs* or other than the regulated and llated price fo affixed on the mad of fuch veffcls, as the price of the coals for that day per ton ; or if lefs than a ton (old, lhall demand or receive from any purchafer of coals, other than the aliquot part of fuch price by the ton, (the fra&ion if any eXcepted,) lhall, for each and every fuch of» fence, forfeit a fum not exceediug ten pounds flerling, the faid penalties to be recovered and applied in manner herein before mentioned.

VII.	Ar.d whereas great frauds are pra&ifcd in the ad-meafunrment of coals on board of (hips, barks, gabbards, lighters, boattr, and other vtffels; for the prevention whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the paliing of this a£l, all coals fold on board (hips* batks, gabbardt*, lighters, and boats, (hall be brought upon deck in the vclTel in which* they (hall have been meafured, by a winch or windlafs, to be affixed upon the deck of everyv fuch (hip, lighter, orgabbard, for that puipofe, and there delivered to the puvchafer or purchafers thereof; and if any matter, owner, or keeper of any bark, lighter or gabbard, fliall offend herein, fuch mailer, owner, or keeper, (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit' a fum not exceeding ten pounds llerling, to be recovered and applied as herein before mentioned.

VIII.	And whereas great frauds are likewife pra&ifed in the admeafureraent of Coals, by the perfons employed to nmeafurc them, by fuch perfons placing coals in the meafuring velfels in fuch manner as to prevent fuch meafuring vcf-fels from being fairly filled: for remedy whereof, be it enadled, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the m«tllcr meafuring porters, fuperintending the adj&cafurcmcnt

i	of



Digitized by Google

A.

74r D.

1793-Chap. 40.

*?ht thirty-third Tear of George III.

of cflats on board every fuch vefTel, and they arc hereby re-^ quired to (trike faid meafuring vefTel, once or oftener againft the combings or the fide of the hatchway of fuch (hip, bark, lighter, of gabbard, whillt fuch meafuring veffel (hall be railing up from the hold ; and if any deficiency of meafure (hall afterwards appear, to make ^ood the fame oivt of the Coals fo felling, it being the true intent and meaning hereof, that the purchafers of coals (hall have honell meafure; and rf the mailer, owner, or keeper of any fuch veffel, or any other perfons (hall mal treat, refill, or obltrudt fuch maller-itieafuring-porter, in the execution of his duty, fuch perfon or perfons 11)all for every fuch offence, (over and above the other pains and penalties to which they may refpe&ivcly become liable for fuch mifeondudt) forfeit a fum not exceeding ten pounds fterling, to be recovered and applied in manner as herein before mentioned.	'

IX.	And whereas great frauds and impofitions are prac-tffed upon the purchasers of coals within the city of Dubjin,. and liberties adjoining, by loaders of coals and carmen, and porters employed in the carriage of coals ; for remedy where-, of, be it enadted, That from and after the palling of this adt, if any loader of coals, carmen, or porters employed to cany' pWcd to load coals, lhall pradtife any fraud or unpofition whatever upon or.carr^J^l9'

.	1	- r .	.	/.	»	r	n	11	r r	r,	who Commit

the penon employing him or them, or lhall refine to work, being unemployed, or fhall demand, or take more from the pCrfon or perfons employing him or them than the regulated wages, or lhall neglect to take care of the coals intruded to Jiim or them, fuch perfons fo offending, lhall for each and every offence (over and above the other pains and penalties to which they may rcfpe&ively become liable for fuch mif-condudt) forfeit a fum not exceeding forty Ihiilingv, to be recovered and applied in manner herein before mentioned.

X.	And be it further enabled, That the owners, keepers, or drivers of cars or carts, for the carriage of coals for hire, lllall be under the fame contioul and direction to which the owners, keepers, or drivers of other cars or carts, for the carriage of goods for hire are by law now fuhjcdt.

XL And whereas accidents have happened to perfons paf-ffng and repairing in and out of veffels reforting to the port of Dublin for tlie want of hand-rails annexed to t lie planks ; fpr remedy whereof, be it enacted. That it fiiall and may be lawful for the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, to compel the captains, owners, or keepers of faid velLls, to put on Gaid planks fuch hand-rail, man-rope, or fuch other tie- ^ rr j fence as he fhall judge fufficient, and for neglect thereof, it lhall and may be lawful for the faid lord mayor, to fine fuch captain or ownet in a fum not exceeding forty {hillings,

to

Perfons err-

any fraud, pu-mfiiable, Sec.

Owners^ Ac. to confo.ni as herein.

Lorrt mayor may compel captain* to nut up han Nrails,

t\rc. or lint:

Lord mayor, recorder, and aldermen, may make role* *ad tye l*Wt-

Lord mayor may fummoa patties before liim, and examine witnefles Upon oatfi.

The tlitriyttiri Tear of Georg* III.

to be reooyered and applied in manner herein before men*

tioned.

XII.	And be it enabled. That from and after the paffing

of this aft, the lord mayor, recorder, and hoard of aider-men of the city of Dublin, for the time being, or any nine or more of them, (of whom the lord mayor for the time being to be one (hall have power and authority to make and ordain* amend and alter, from time to time, fuch rules, ordinances, bye-laws, and other regulations, with fuch fane-tions as they (hall judge peceflary to carry the fame into ef-fc£l, as they (hall judge necciTary and expedient for the good government of the carm-tu and porters employed in the car riage and loading of coals, and for regulating the wages of fiich carmen aud po.ters, and for filing the rates of carriage of coals, and for preventing all frauds and abufes by fuch /carmen and porters in the premifes, which rules, ordinances, bye-law?, fan&ions, and other regulations fo made* amended, or altered at aforefaid, (hall from and after the time the fame (hall be approved as hereip. after mentioned, have the fame force as if the fame were fpecially ena&ed herein ; provided that fuch rules, ordinances, bye-laws, fan&ions, and regulations, (hall be approved of by the lord chancellor and chief judges for the time being, under their hands, andj Immediately after fuch approbation (hall be pubHfhed three times in the Dublin Gazette, and afterwards (hall fee polled for the fpace of one week at the cuftona-houfe, and at tlfo tholfel of the city of Dublin.	-

XIII.	Be it enacted, That wherever by virtue of this H<£1, the lord mayor of the cjty of Dublin, is empowered to bear complaints againff apy perfon or perfons offending, contrary to this a£l, that fuch lord mayor for the time be^ irg (hall, and he i$ hereby veiled with full power and authority to fummon the parties before him, and all fucH Witnefles as (hall be within the jurifdi^ion of fuch lord, mayor, as fuch lord mayor (hall be required fo to do, by the party complaining* or the party complained againft, and tb examine fuch witnefles Upon oatl) touching the matter of fuch complaint \ and if any perfon or perfons fo fummoned* to appear and give teftimony, (hall negleft or* refute fo to do, fuch peribn or perfons to negle&ing or refufmg, (hall upon due prqqf qn oath, after the fervice of fuch fummons, forfeit a fum not exceeding ten pounds, to be levied and Applied as aforefaid, *

XIV.	And whereas public coal-yards in the city of Dublin, have been found extremely'Ufefnl; and there is reafon Jb believe they might be (till rendered more fo, if the repositories for coals were multiplied; be it enabled by the au?

^fo.efaick That it (hall and may'be latirfii for the

ford



Digitized by v^ooQie

The thirty-third Tear of George III. "

lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for.the time being, to riqpower the diredor x>f the public coal yards, to purchafe or take a leafe in pen>eiuity or other-wnfe, of fuch yard or yards in the city of Dublin, or any where within the circular road, or line of the grand canal, . as may be found convenient and fitting for the purpofe, and to apply a competent part of the fund appropriated to public coal-yards, to the payment of the purchafe money or rent of fuch yard or yards.

XVf And in order to encourage the providing of a con* ftant fijpply of coals in Dublin, for the confumption of the inhabitants thereof, and to render the price thereof reasonable at all fealbns; be it enaded, That every perfon or company of perfons, who (hall provide and prepare one or more (lore or (tores in the city of Dublin, or any where within the circular road or line of the grand canal, for the floring of cpals, fhall be allowed and receive as herein after mentioned, fo long as fuch (lore or (lores (hall have been occupied in the (loring of coals, to be fold by retail, fuch annual rent or rents as fuch perfon or company (hall really and without fraud, be bound to pay the fame: provided always. That no greater yearly fum (hall be allowed or paid in purfuance of this ad, to the different perfons or companies who fhaii have (lored coals purfuant to this ad, on account of the rent of fuch (lores, than eight hundred pounds per annum iq the whole.

XVlr And in cafe more perfons or companies than one, (ball prepare and provide fuch (lores, and that the rents payable for the fame (hall exceed the yearly fum of eight hundred pounds; be it enaded. That the (aid yearly fum •f eight hundred pounds, (hall be allowed and paid for fuch (lores as fhgll be provided and prepared according to die priority of time in which the fame (hall have been provided,

XVII.	And be it enaded, That the rents of fuch (lore or (lores (hall be paid by the colledor of the port of Dublin, for the time being, out of any monies in his hands not appropriated to any particular ufe or purpofe, upon the order of the lord mayor for the time being; and the faid colledor (hall be allowed the fame on his accounts; provided always. That no fuch payment (hall be made, unlefs it (hall appear to the fatisfadion of the chief commilfioners of his Majelly’s revenue, or any three or more of them, that the perfon or company for whofe (lores fuch payment (hall be claimed* hath fold and delivered out of fuch (lores, not lefs than eight thpufand tons of coals within the year in which fuch rent accrued ; provided alfo, that proof to the fatisfadion of the (a^d cpmnnfiioners be made, that the rent claimed for each

fuch

Lord lieutenant may cm* power director of coal-yards, to take a y4nj or yards, dec.

Rent to be allowed to perrons who provide (tores for coals in Dublin, or on the line of the grand caoaL

Said 800!. to be allowed according to priority.

Rents to be paid by collector of part of Dublin, upon otder of lurd-mayor.

744

itinty of ts. on over tons of oab ftore d for retail, before ift Jan. 179$.

Bounties to be paid for building light-er*, boat?, &c, to ply on LifFey.

Tic fhirtj*thitff Tear tfQcqTjje JII.

fuch ftore is the rent a&ually agreed to be paid for t^e k$ne without any fraud or collufign.

XVIII And be it enacted, That there (hall be allowed and paid to every perfon or company, keeping a ftore or {lores for coals, to be fold by retail in the city of Dublin, who at any time before the ftrft day of January, one thou-fand (even hundred and ninety-four, fhall have in ftich ftore or (lores a quantity of coals for ftle, not lefs than four thou-fand tons, a bounty of one (hilling for every ton pf coals exceeding fucb four thoufand tons, which (haft have been flored in fuch (lore or (lores, on or before the faid firft day of January ; which bounty foall be paid by the colle&or of the port of Dublin, out of fuch monies as afore(ai}l; pro* vided that no fuch payment (hall be made, unlefs proof to the fatisfaftion of the faid comraiffioners, or any three or more of them, (hall be made of the quantity of poals which fhall have been ilored by the perfon or perfons claiming fuch bounty, before the faid firft day of January; and mat at the time any coals (hall have been (Lored for which the bounty aforefaid (hall be claimed, not lefs than fouy thoufand t<5ns of coals were in the ftore or (lores of fuch perfon or perfon*, over j\nd a^ove the quantify for which the bounty (hall be fo chimed,

XIX.	And in order to render the carriage of coajf for the fupply of the inhabitants of Dublin lefs expeofive, and to facilitate fuch fupply, be it enabled, That there (h^Il be allowed apd paid to fuch perfoP or perfons, or company or companies, as from and after the firft day of July, one thop-fand feven hundred and ninety-three, (hall firft bqild phy lighter or lighters, gabbard or gabbards, fit to carry coals from any (hip or velfcl in the haibour of Dublin, to the river Anna Liffcy, weftward of Carlifle-bridge ; and any boat or veflel fit to carry coals from any (hip or veflfel in the faid harbour, or in the faid river on the grand canal between Ringfend and Harcourt-bridge, and on the royal canal as far as the bridge neareft to Ratoath road, each fuch lighter, gabbard, or boat to be provided with a windfaft for raifjng the coals in fuch lighter, gabbard, or boat on the deck, to be there meafured, the bounties following, that is to fay/ for every fuch lighter or gabbard t6 ply on the faid rivci1, . weftward of Carlifle-btidge, a bounty of rwenty (hillings per ton by admcafureinent; and for every fuch boat or veffel to ply on cither of the faid canals* a bounty of twenty (hillings per ton, by admeafurement; provided that no greater* film (hall be allowed or paid on account of the faid bounty for lighters or gabbards, to ply on the faid river, than will be equal to the fum of twfc thoufand pounds in the whole ; por no greater fum (hall be allowed or paid on account of

f

Digitized by

Google

Tbt thirty-third Year if George III.	74	jf

tbc fijid bounty for boats or veflHs, to ply on cither of the A. D. £pd canals, than the him of tight hundred pounds in the <793* whole, for boats or vefiels on each of the faid canals.	Chap. 40*

XX.	And be it eria&ed, That fuch haunt its (hah be paid t

by the collector of the port of Dublin, out of fuch jnonie* Bounties paid a# pforefaid, upon a like order.	cofte&or.

XXI.	Provided always, That no fueh bounty (hull be Quantity of paid, unlefs the quantity of the tonnage of foch lighter or tonnage, gsbbard, or boat or vefTel be afeertamed in fooh manner

ai rbe laid conimiffioners of his Majcity’s revenue (hallthink proper.

XXII* Provided alfo, That no fuch payment (hall be Two furetie* rnade to any perfon or perfons, unlefs fuch perfoii or perfons ^^	*

(hall, with two foificient fureties, eater into a bond to his wjth COalsfor frfojefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, in double the fum which 6 years.

(hall be claimed as a bounty, which bond the faid comxnif-fioners of his Majefty’s revenue are hereby authorised and required to take for his Majefty’s ufe, conditioned if fuchf bounty be claimed in refpect of any lighter or gabbard to ply pn the f^id river, that fuch lighter or ^abb^id (hall be kept employed for the term of fix years, m plyiag' yvitk coale from the light houfe or harbour of Dublin, Jo the faid river Anna Liffey, weft ward of Carlifle-bridge j and if fuch bounty be claimed in refpect of any boat or vefTel to ply oti the grand canal, conditioned that fuch boat or Yeffel (hall be kept employed for the term of fix years in plying with caak from the harbour of Dublin, or the .river Anna Liffey,’ on the grand canal, between Ringfend and Harcourt-bridge ; and if fuch bounty be claimed in refpect of any boat or veflef to ply on the royal canal, conditioned that fuch boat or Teftel (hall be kept employed for the terra of fix years, in plying with coals from the harbour of Dublin, or the river Aiuia Liffey, on the royal canal, between the (hid river and the bridge neareft to Ratoqth road.

XXII I. And be it enacted, That no information, ac* Informations, tion, or fuit (hall be commenced for or by reafon of any ^nn^ Stcr1 forfeiture or penalty incurred by any offence contrary to this offence, act, unlefs the fame be commenced within the (pace of one calendar month after fuch offence (hall be committed.

; XXIV. And be it further enacted^ That this aot (hall be A public*; declared a publick act, and (hall be deemed and taken notice a<^* of as fuch by all jndges, juftices, and all others, in all courts and places, without pleading the fame.

4	XXV. And whereas aq act paffed in the thirty-firft year Recital coal of his late Majefty George the fecond, entitled, An Ad for	3* 6. *• c*

the tetter fuppiying the city of Dublin ivitk coal*, ami for the X*‘ fetter encouragement of the collieries of this kingdom* was con-

Digitized by

Google

Direltars of coo) yard* may puxckalc tpf.

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

ttimed in force untH the firft day of May, one thousand An yen hundred and fixty-fix, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament: and whereas by an act paired hi the third year of his prefcnt MajeftyH reign, it was enacted. That the faid recited act Ihould be further continued in full force until the firft day of May, one thoufand fcven hundred and fevcnty-Four, and from thence to the end of ■the then next feflion of parliament: and whereas the faid recited act was continued by fevcral fubfequcnt acts to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand fevetr hundred and ninety-three, and to the end of the then next feflion of parliament ; and whereas it is thought convenient that the laid act be further continued ; be it enacted, That the faid act (hall be further continued in full force until the twenty-fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord, one thoufand fevcn hundred and ninety-four, and from thence to the end of the then next ft IB on of parliament.

XXVI, And be it enacted by the authority aforrfaid^ That it fhaB and may be lawful for the ditectors of the public coal yards to purchafe if they fhafl think fit, for the life of the poor.

CHAP. XLi.

An A8 for fecurtng the Freedom and Independence of the Hovfje of Commons, by excluding therefrom Perfons holding any ($• foes under the Crown, to be hereajter created, or holding, certain Offices therein enumerated, or Penftons for Terms of Tears, or during His Majeffs Pleafure.

IP OR the better preferring the conflitution and freedom

have a it at in pailiimient

Wo ptrfon

who (hail have j£i parliament; be it enadted by the King’s mof^ excei-Majcily, 'by and with the advice and confent of the aa, eligible to lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefcnt parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That no perfon who (hall have in his own name, or in the. name of any perfon or perfooa in trull for him, or for his benefit, any office or place of profit under the crown, at any . time after the palling of this adt, created or eredted* nor any perfon having any penfion frtun the. crown during pkv fiu*e, or for a term of years ; nor any perfon wbofc wifif. (hall have any penfion from the crown during pleafure, or for a term of years ; nor any furveyor-gencral in tlue revenue, nor any colledtor in the revenue, appointed by the common oners of cuftoms or excife, lave only the collectors of

f

~	*	Digitized	by-	(=^ogle	,	Jj

The thaiy-tllrJ Tear of George IIL

the caftoms and excife in the port of Dublin, and in the county of, and city of Dublin ; nor any of the fecretaries to the commifiioners of cuftpma, to the excife, to the com-mifiioners of accounts, to the commifiioners of the barracl^ to pof} office, or to the board of ordnance ; nor the pay-mailer of bounties on corn coming coallways to the city of Dublin, (hall be capable of being $le&ed a member of the houfe of commons in this prefect parliament, or of being eledled, or of fitting and voting as a member of the houfe cjf commonsr in apy parliament yrhicfi (hall fit hereafter fpmmoned and holdea,

II. And be it further epa&cd, That if any office tinder the crown, bath been aboliihed or diluted for the (pace of five years, before the paffing of this adl> (hall be rc-efta* bridled, or if.aoy additional falary exceeding one hundred pounds per ajnnum, (hall, aifter the pafiing of this a£l, be added to the falary of any office, or if a falary of one hundred pounds per annum, (frail be granted to any office to which no falary is now granted, every fuch office ftwdl be deemed a new office, within the true, intend and meaning of this aft.

' If I. Provided always. That if his Majcfiy (hall think fit to grant the office of high treafurer of Ireland, to be executed by commifiioners, it (ball and may be lawful for fuch commifiioners, and for the feerctary of fuch commifiioners, to b« elected members of,, and to fit and yo^c [tx the houfe of commons. *

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&cd. That if any per-fon being chofen a member of the houfe of commons (hall, after the tfrjrty-firfl; d^y of December, one thou (and, feven hundred and nijnety-three, accept any offjee of profit from the crown, during fuch time as he (hall continue a member, his feat (hall thereupon become vacant, and a writ (hall ifluc for a neWelc&ion.

V.	Provided neverthelefs, That fuch perfon (hall be capable of being again elected to be a member of the houfe of commons, for the place for which he had been a member, or any other place fending meqibers to the houfe ofcomrftorts.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That in order to prevent for the future, too great a number of commifiioners being appointed, or cpnftituted, fpr the execution of any office, no'greater number of commiffioners (h*ll be made or Conftituted for the execution of any office, than have been employed in the execution of fuch office, at fome time bc-fpre the firft day of the prefent parliament.

VII.	Provided always, That it (hall and may be lawful fijr his Majefty, bis heirs and fucceffors, to appoint com-

- •	’	jnifiioirtrs

747

Offices revived after 5 years difufe. dec. deemed new office*.

Commifli oners of treafury, may be clewed members.

Members* (hail vacate their feats.

flnch perfons may be re-ele&cd.

No additional commiffioners to be appointed.

King mty

appoint com-miffioners of

treafury.

Digitized by

Google

A- D.

1793-Chap. 41.

I______—

Hnt to extend •ft officer* in the &c.

Frrfooft hereby deemed in-fhc, &e.

Ptrfopft who Mlfwcar.

thirty-third Year of George III.

miffioner* for the purpofc of executing the offiee of higl|

treaftmer of this kingdom

VIII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (Ml extend, or be conftrued to extend to any member of the houfe of commons being an officer in his Majcfty’s army, militia, or navy, or who fhail receive any new or other commtffion or warrant m the army or navy rafpe&ively ; oor to any perfon having or acceptingan office for life, or during good behaviour.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon here* by difabled or declared incapable of fitting or voting in the houfe' of commons, fhail neverthelefs be returned as a member to ferve for any county, city, borough, town, or place in parliament, fuch de&ion and return are hereby declined to be void,* to all intents and pnrpofes ; and if any perfon fa hereafter returned, and difabled or incapable by this ad to be defied, fhail prefume to fit or vote as a mpmber of the houfe of commons, fuch perfoq fo fitting or voting fhail forfeit the fora of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by fuch perfon as fhail foe for the fame, in any of his Majefly’s courts of record in Dublin, by adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effbin, prote&ion, or wager of law foal! he allowed, and only one imparlance.

X.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the puffing of this afr, it fhail not be lawful for any perfon who fhail be appointed to any civil office, or place *of profit un-' der the crown, the falary and perquifites of which fhail amount to two hundred pounds a year, which (hall be hereafter created or erefted, to execute the duties, or receive the falary or profits of fuch office, until he (hall have taken before a baron of the court of exchequer, the oath following, to wit 5

ftatfc.	I A. B. do fwear, that I have not accepted, and will not

bold the office erf	in	trufl,	or for the ufe

or benefit, directly or indirt Sly, of any member of the homfe of commons. So Ixlp me God,

■XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pafiing of this a&, every perfon who (hall be eketed a member of the houfe of commons, fhail at the time he takes his feat in the faid houfe, take and fubferihe the oath following, to yvit;

Oath.

/A. B. do/wear, that I do not bold in my own name, or in the name of any perfon in trujlJbr me, or for my benefit, any perfon for years, or during his Mayfly's plea Jure, or any office or place off profit under the crown, which is rendered by act of

farlia-

Digitized by L,ooQle

The thirty-third Year of George Ilf.

par Lament incompatible with the holding a feat in the Jiouft of commons*

U9

A. D.

CHAP. XLIt.

Ail At7 for the ReTtef of Infohent Debtors, in Regard to the _	Imprifonment	of	their	Per	fans*

XXVIII.	A ND whereas it is not reafonablc that a cte-JTJl ditar, by proceding againtt the per Ton of his debtor, for the purpofe of compelling him to do what it juft, ftiould lofe or be deprived of his execution againtt bin debtor’s eftate ; and it frequently happens that the debtors poflefTed of lands, goods, or other cffedls, choofe rather to continue to prifon, than to apply the means in their power for the payment or fatisfadion of their creditors; be k therefore further ena&td by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon who (hall have charged or detained his or her debtor on a capias ad fatisfaciendum or otherwife, fhall hare the fame execution for the fame debt againft the lauds and goods or otheir eftate of his or her faid debtor, by ekgitt fieri facias or other wife, as if the faid creditor had not £» imprifoned, or charged, or detained his or her faid debtor in prifon, any law, practice, or ufage to the contrary sou withftanding; provided that fuch debtor (hall not have been fo charged or detained in execution for the fpace of fix months after judgment fhall have been obtained agaiiift. him or her.

CHAP; XLIII;

jrfh AS to remove Doubts refpeSmg the FunSions of Juries itft Cafes of Libel.

\X/HEREAS doubts have arifen whether on the trial of

VV an indi&ment or information for the making or pub- tliAr cm trial Cm*

lifting any libel, where an iflue or iflues are joined between a libel, the jwy

the King and the defendant or defendants, on the plea of caT*££c ,

<	, ,	. ,	;	■	. i r „ . verdict on the

i\ot guilty pleaded, it be competent to the jury impanelled ^hole nmur,

to try the fame, to give their verdi& upon the whole mat- as hereia.

ter in iilue; be it therefore declared and enabled by the

Kpng*s moft excellent Majclly,-by and with the advice and

cqnfeut of the lords fpiritual and temporal, andv commoiis

in this prefuit pailiament afllrubied, and by the authority

Ob Inch triers* judge naajr five hit op ini-•«H Sec.

Jury may find afpecial verdi&*

Defendant* found guilty, may morr an at reft of judgment, *• before.

The thirty-third Tear of George lit.

of the fame, That on every fuch trial, the jury fwom to try the iffuc, may ghre a general verdiCt of guilty or not uOty, upon the whole matter put in iffue upon fuch in* Clment or information* and (haH not be required or directed by the court or judge before whom fuch indictment or information (hall be tried, to find the defendant or de<* feodants guilty, merely on the proof of the publication by fuch defendant or defendants of the paper charged to be a libel, and of the fenfc aferibed to the fame in fuch indictment or information.

II.	Provided always That on every fuch trial the court dr judge before whom fuch indictment or information (hall be tried, (hall according to their or his difcrction, give their or his opinion and directions to the jury on the matter in iffue between the King and the defendant or defendants in like manner as in other criminal cafes.

III.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained, (hall

extend, or be covrftraed to extend, to prevent the jury from finding a fpecial vcrdiCt in their difcrction, as in other criminal cafes.	.	,

IV.	Provided aHo, That tir cafe the jury (haB find the defendant or defendants guthy* it (hall and may be lawfirf for the faid defendant or defendants to move in amrft of judgment on fuch ground, and in fuch manner as by law he or they mght have done before the pafifing of this ad, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftamhngrf

CHAP. XLIW

Jin Ad to repealfo much of an Ad faffed in tie Thirty-fecund Tear of His Mayefij, Entitled, An Ad for confirming the Powers of the Society ef King's-Inns, Dublin, and to repeal an Ad, Entitled, An Ad to regulate the Admiffiun of Barrijlcrs at Law, as confirms the Charter cf the fold Society•

Recital %% TX/HEREAS by an ad of parliament patted in the G. 3. c. i&	thirty-fecond	year	of his prefent Majcfiy’s reign,

entitled. An ad for confirming the powers of the fodety of King's-fans, Dublin, and to repeal an ad, entitled. An ad to regulate the admiffion of barrifiert at law, certain letters patent therein mentioned, and the feveral powers and provifi-ons thereof, are confirmed: and whereas the faid letters patent, and the confirmation thereof, have been found not to anfwer the good purpofes for which the fame were intended; be it therefore cnaCted by th$ King’s mod excellent Ma-

j

Digitized by LaOOQle

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

75*

jelly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-. A. D* ritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parlia- 1793« ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid recited a& as confirms the faid letters pa-

tent, and the feveral powers and provifions thereof, be, and the fame is hereby repealed, and that the faid fociety (hall from the palling of this a ft, remain, continue, and be aB if the faid recited ad had never been palled, or the faid letters patent never been granted.

II. Provided always, and be it enaded, That all perfons Members admitted to be members or iludents of the faid fociety, (hall be deemed to have been duly admitted from the tunes of 1	1

their refpedive admiffions.

WHEREAS it is neceflary to make feme further pro- Preamble.

vifion for the trial of perfons accufed of treason, fnifprifions, and concealments of treafon committed out of this realm, be it enaded by the King's moft excellent Ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all man- all offence* cornier of offences being already made and declared, or here-

to be made or declared by any of the laws anil ftatutes f(^. juftfo* ia*" •t this realm, to be treafons, mifprifions of treafons, or KingVbcnch, concealments of treafons, and done, perpetrated, or com-mitted, or hereafter to be done, perpetrated, or committed by any perfon of perfons out of this realm, and out of his Majeily's dominions, fhaU be from henceforth enquired of, heard, and determined before the King's juttices of his bench for pleas, to be holden before himfelf, by good and lawful men of the fame (hire, where the faid bench (hall fit and be kept; or elfe before fuch commiflioners, and in fuch (hire of the realm as (hall be afiigned by the King's Ma-jefty's commiflion, and by good and lawful men of the fame (hire, in like manner and form, to all intents and purpofes as

treafons had been done, perpetrated, or committed within the fame (hire where they (hall be fo enquired of, heard and determined, as is aforefaid.

II. Provided alwavs. That if any of the Deers of this	Pecn of realm

CHAP. XLV.

An Ad for the Tried of Treafon committed out of the Kings

Dominions.

if fuch treafons, mifprifions of treafons, or concealments of



•fit	Yk*	tldrtyAntd	Tm of Cfcrtgt III.

vrtber offences aforefaid, by the authority of this a&, tbit then aftet fuch indictment, they fhall have their trial by theit pAers, in fuch like manrier And form as hath heretofore been aetuftotned.

t H A P. XLVI.

A. D.

*793-

At M fb etmekd And explain an AS paffed in the *Thh*ty-Jeamd Tear of His prtfent Maj<fyrs Reign, Entitled, At A& far improving and keeping in repair the Pa/} Roads of ibis Kingdom•

Kcambk.

pofbraad ad, 32 G. *. mall extend to co. and co. of city of Dublin.

WHEREAS by an ad palled in the thirty-fccond yeir of his ptefent Majefty’s reign, entitled. An a3for improving and keeping in repair the pofl roads of this kingdom f feveral powers have been given to the grand juries of every county, county df a city or county of a town at ally affixes held after the paffing of the faid aft, for the purpose in the faid aft mentioned: and whereas by the words of the faid ad, the fevers! grand juries of the county of Dublin, and Comity of the city of Dublin, in which counties affizes are not ufualfy held, cannot cxcrcife the feveral powers intended to be given fey the faid recited ad 5 be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majclly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this ad, the faid recited ad, and all and every the powers, daufes, provifocs, conditions, articles, and things therein contained, fhall alfo extend to the county of Dublin, and county of the city of Dublin, and that it (hall be lawful for the grand juries of the faid county of Dublin, and county of the laid city of Dublin, from time to time at any of thf tofual prefenting terms in the year, m the court of King’l Bench, to exercife the fame powers and authorities as are given to the graod juries of other counties in this kingdom, for the feveral purpofes in the faid recited ad mentioned, itibjed to the feveral rules, regulations, reltri&tons, and qualifications to which the prefentments to be made in the ifcid feveral other counties are fubjed to, and that all fums fb to be prefented at fuch prefenting terms by any grand iuritr of the court of King’s Bench, for the faid county of Dublin, and county of the faid city of Dublin, fhall be a<*« counted for in like manner as is appointed by faid recked ■d, to be obferved h1 the other counties of this kingdom.





CHAP,

Digitized by

C'joglc

TThe thirty third Tear of George I1T.

CHAP. XLVIL

An A8 for the further regulating the Price at JhaU he purchafedt for the Supply of the Public in the City of Cork, and fold out of the fame.

XX7HEREAS by an aft patted in -this kingi ** firft year of his Majefty’s reign, entitled. An a8 to coals for publick prevent the exceffive price of coals in the city of Dublin, the coali to be bought in for the public coal yards, are directed Undcr 161. a to be bought in when coals are under fixteen (hillings the ton. ton: and whereas /by an aft palTed in the fifth year of his Majefty’s reign, the faid aft made in the faid firft year of his faid Majefty’s reign, and alfo an aft patted in the third	^

year of his Majefty’s reign, to amend and continue the faid aft, were extended to the city of Cork, under certain exceptions and provifions mentioned in the faid nft, palled in the fifth year of his Majefty’s reign : and whereas by an aft patted in this kingdom, in the ttventy-fiift and twenty-(econd years of his Majefty’s reign, it was enafted, that during the continuance of the then drifting war, it (hould be lawful to and for the direftor of the public coal yards in the city of Cork, during the continuance of the then exift-ing war, by and with the approbation and confent of the mayor and common council of the faid city, to buy in coah for the faid yards, when coals (hould be at a higher price than fixteen (hillings the ton, with a provifoe that he mould fill out the- faid coals at a price proportioned to the advanced price at which he had bought in the fame, and that he Jhould make oath before the mayor of the faid city, that he had bought in the faid coals at the lowed price, at which he was able to purchafe the fame i and whereas fince the making of the faid recited afts, coals hav^ been fo greatly advanced in their price, as to render the purchafcof the lame, within the price limited by the aft made in the fifth year of his Majefty’s reign imprafticable; be it enafted by the Kinfr’g moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority	,

of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful for the direftor of tire public coal yards in the city of Cork, by and with the approbation and confent of the mayor and common council ,of the faid city, to buy in coals for the faid yard?, when coala (hall be at a higher price than fixteen (hillings the ton, any thing in the faid recited aft of the firft year of hi*

Voi, IX.	3 B	Majefty’s

vhieh Coale Goal Turds

om, in the By r G. ?.

754

A. D. ^*793

Price of coals in proportion Co advance.

The thirty-third rear of George 1IT.

Majelly’s reign to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwith-(landing.

II. Provided always, and be it cnafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid direftor (hall fell out the faid coals, at a price proportioned to the advanced price at which he Las bought in the fame; provided farther, that the director of the faid coal yards (hall make oath before the mayor of the city of Cork for the time being, which oath the faid mayor is hereby empowered and required to adminifler, that he has bought in the faid coals at the lowed- price for which he was able to purchase the fame.

CHAP. XLVIEL

An A3 to explain and amend an A3 paffed in the loft Seffton of Parliament, Entitled, An A3 to explain the Trufls for which certain Redonet Impropriate, and Tithe* forfeited by Reafon of the Rebellion in this Kingdom, in the Tear One thoufand fix hundred and eighty-eighty were conveyed to certain Truftees nominated by the feveral Bifhops in mohofe Diocefes fuch Redories Impropriate and Tithe* are fixated.

Retiral 3a	IIE RE A S by the faid aft of the lafl feffion of this

ft. 1- c. 1 a.	rY prefent parliament, it is declared and cnafted,	that

the feveral reftories impropriate, with the tithes, oblations, obventions, glebes, advgwfons of vicarages, and all things thereunto feverally and r< fpeftively belonging or appertaining, direfted and appointed by the indrumont in the faid aft mentioned, of the nineteenth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and two, to be annexed, and by the faid inftrument annexed to the feveral reftories and vicarages therein mentioned, be deemed and taken to have been inw mediately from and after the expiration of twenty years, is the laid aft mentioned appendant, and (hall for ever continue to be appendant to the feveral reftories and vicarages to which the fame were refpeftively fo annexed, and to the advowfons thereof refpeftively, and that all rights, titler ufe, and trull, which became veiled in William Neave, Marmaduke Coghill, Morley Saunders, Samuel Dopping, John Ullier, Stephen Ludlow, all in the faid aft named, and the furvivors and furvivor of them, and their or any of their heirs, (hall be deemed and taken to have ccafcd and determined, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, immediately from and after the expiration of the faid twenty years &

?rovided always, and it is thereby declared and cnafted, 'hat nothing in the faid aft contained, (hall affeft the right

or

The thirty-third Tear of Georgt III*

Or title to the advowfons or prefentations of, or to the ft*

▼cral rc&orici or vicarages, or any of them %p which the faid impropriate tithes, or any of them are by the faid in-flrurtient annexed, fave and except fuch right, title, or claim as by virtue of the truft repofed as aforefaid in the faid "William Ncave, Marmaduke Coghill, Morley Saunders,

Samuel Lopping, John Ufher, and Stephen Ludlow, is, or may be claimed by their, or any of their heirs, which (aid truft, and all right &nd title thereunder, are thereby declared to be fatisfied and determined, but the right of all perfona whatsoever, (fave Us aforefaid,) to the advowfons and prefentations of, and to all and every the faid feveral redlories and vicarages, fhall be, and remain to all intents And purpofes, in the like itate and condition, as if the faid •61 had never been made, any thing in the faid a& contained to the contrary in any wife notwithilanding c and whereas fcid fhoold there is not inftrted in the faid a&, according to the ufage not affc& fuks, of parliament in fimilar cafes, a provifoe or faving, that it &c-(hall not affe& any fuit at the time of the paffing the faid •61, depending in any of his Majefty’s courts of law or equity, relative to the advowfons and prefentations of, or to any bf the faid fcveral redlories and vicarages, or the right, title, eflate, or intereft of any perfon or perfons whatfoever, who previous to the paffing of the faid a6t, had inftituted or commenced any fuit or fuits, although a fuit in quare impeditf Relative to the right of advowfon of the vicarages of Kii-conel, Kiliane-, and Fohena, in the diocefe of Clonfert, and County of Galway, being three of the vicarages obje61s of the faid acl, had previous to the paffing of the faid a6t, been indituted in his Majdty's court of Common PJicas in Ireland, by fir John Coghill, baronet, againd the right reverend Richard lord bifhop of Clonfert, and the reverend James Langrifhe, clerk, now dean of Achonry, and fuch luit adtually depended, and was in proftcution at the time of paffing the faid a61, and dill depends in the faid court $ wherefore in order to fupply the faid omiffion in the faid •&, be it declared and enacted by the King’s molt excellent Majedy, by and with the advice and coi.fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame ; and it is hereby declared and ertafted, That the faid recited a6t, or any thing therein contained, fhall not aftedfc or prejudice, t or be deemed, or taken \o effect or prejudice the faid fuit in quare impedit, relative to the advowfou and prefentatioi! of the (aid vicarages, or be allowed as evidence in the faid fuit, 01* in refpedt to the faid fuit to affe61 or prejudice the tight, title, or intereft of the plaintiff in the faid fuit, but thfct ia rcfpcS of the laid fuit, and no further, the plaintiff ,

3	B 2	h

^5 6	Tie thirty-third Tear of George III.

A. D.	m the faid fuit, and his heirs (hall have all fuch eftate, right,

1793.	title, and it % reft in and to the faid advowfoa of the faid

three vicarages, and every of them, as he had or might have had if the faid recited a& had never been made, any thing in the faid recited adl to the contrary thereof in any wife - notwithftanding.

Apmblickaa. II. And be it ena&ed by the authority afore&id. That this ad be deemed and taken to be a public ad.

CHAP. XLIX.

An A8 for re-ve/ling in His Majefly the EJlates forfeited in One tboufand Jix hundred and eighty-eighty yet remaining

unfold.

Recital 11 Sc 11 W '3. reia. five 10 Ifk* of forfeited eiVatcf,

1

WHEREAS by an ad patted in the parliament of England, in the eleventh and twelfth years of King William the third, eutitled, An ad for granting an aid to hit Majcjlyy by fale of the forfeited and fiber ejlates and interefls in Irefandy and by a land tax in Englandy for the feverat pur-pofet therein mentioned ; it was enaded, that all the honours, manors, lands, potttflions, and hereditaments, within the realm of Ireland, whereof any perfon or perfons who flood convided or attainted of treafon fmee the thirteenth day of February, one thoufand fix hundred and eighty-eight, or who fhould be convided of treafon before the laft day of trinity term, one thoufand-feven hundred and one, or who flood convided of treafon by reafon of being found by in-quifition to have died, or been (lain in adual rebellion fince the faid thirteenth day of February, one thoufand fix hundred and eighty-eight, was or were feized, or pofTefTcd, or interefted in, or entitled ,tp on the thirteenth day of February, one thoufand fix hundred and eighty-eight, or at any time fince, in their own right or to their own ufe, or whereof any other perfon or perfons was or were feized, or poffdlld, or interefted in, to the ufe of, or in truft for them, or any of them, on the thirteenth day of February, one thoufand fix hundred and eighty-eight, or at any time fince, or whereof the late King James the fecond, or any in trull for him, at; to his ufe, was feized, or pofleffed, or in-terefted in at the time of his acceflion to the crown of Eng-, land, (hould be veiled in certain truftees in the faid adl named, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators and afiigns, upon truft, and to the end that the fame might be fold and dilpofed of, to and for fuch ufes as are expreffed and declared by the *■ faid a£t 1 and whereas the faid U uilces did purfuant to the

t

Digitized by

The thirty-third Tear of George III.	75

(aid aft, fell and difpofe of a very confiderable part of the v A. D. eftates and poffeffions thereby in them veiled, and fome part thereof then remaining unfold, by an a& paffed in the parliament of England, in the fecond fefiion of parliament holden in the fiHl year of the reign of Queen Anne, entitled.

Aft ad for advancing the fait of the forfeited ejlates in Ireland, and jor vefiing fuch as remain unfold by the prefent trujlees in her Majejlyy her heirs and fuccejfors, for fuch ufes as the fame were before vejled in the faid trujlees, and for the more effectually felling and fettling the faid ejlates to protcfiants9 and for explaining feveral ads relating to the lord Bophin, and fir Redmond Everard; it was ena&ed, That fuch and fo many of the faid eftates and poffeffions veiled in the faid truftees, as Ihould not be fold by them before the four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and three, fhould be veiled in her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, for the ufes and purposes intended by the former adl, and fubjedt to fuch orders and appointments as (hould be given by authority of the parliament of England in that behalf: and whereas by an ad paffed in the parliament of Ireland, in the twenty-firft and twenty.fecond years of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad for extending certain provifions contained in an ad9 entitled, An ad for confirming all the Jlatutes made in England; it is enabled, That all ftatutes theretofore made in England or Great Britain, for the fettling and affuring the forfeited eftates in Ireland, (hall be accepted here, and executed in Ireland, according to the prefent tenor thereof refpe&ively: and whereas by an a£l paffed in the parliament of Great Britain, in the thirty-third year of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad for vefiing in his Majefiy, certain forfeited ejlates in Ireland; fubjcdl to the difpofttion of the parliament of Ireland, fuch parts of the faid eftates as ftill remain undifpofed of, are veiled in his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, fubje& to fuch orders, appointment, and difpo-fition, as (hall be given or made refpe&ing the fame, by the parliament of Ireland : and whereas it is expedient that the faid eftates (hall be veiled in his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, as the fame were veiled in the crown before the pafting any of the faid a&s; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all honours, manors, lands, tenements, rents, reverfions, remainders, fervices, poffeffions, hereditaments,'eftates, and interells of Vvhat nature or kind fo-cver within the kingdom of Ireland, which (land fo veiled as aforefaid in his Majefty, and remain fo as aforefaid, unfold and undifpofed of, (hall and the fame are hereby declared

*793-Chap. 49

The thirty-third Tear if George III.

tlared to be veiled in his Majefty, his heirs and fucccffors* to his and their own ufe, difeharged from the orders, appointment, and difpofition of the parliament of this king-, dom.

11 Provided always. That nothing herein contained, (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to defeat or avoid thereof kwtallj any leafe of the faid lands, or any part thereof heretofore lawfully made.

Not to ei, tend to ieafe»

CHAP. L.

YormfraA*

iofufficicM;

penalty $1.

Not lawful tp

in tny fi(hery, w thout eonfent of pio '' pnaor

Juflicc* to he** in4 dc

Ur » ine, gra^t

wsijajiti, &c.

An Ad fir the Encouragement of the Fijherits in this Kingdom t and for continuing certain Ads reffeding the fame.

^^^HEREAS the fcveral a6U for the prefervation of * * fifh in rivers, lakes, and inland waters, have proved infufheient, by reafon of perfons Billing at the mouths of rivers at improper feafnns * be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and eonfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the lame, That from and after the pafling of this ad, it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or perfons whomfoever, to take, kill, or deftroy any falmon, falmon-peale, or falmon-fry, in the fea, at .the mouth of rivers, or within one mile of the mouth of any river, during fuch feafons or times as the taking of falmon in fuch river, is by any law now of force forbidden ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall take, kill, or deftroy any falmon, falmon-peale, or falmon-fry, contrary to this ad, every perfon fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the film of Bve pounds.

II.	And be it enacted, That it (halt not be lawful for any perfon or perfons to fi(h with a rod or otherwife, m any # fcveral fifhery without the licenfe of the proprietor of farmer thereof, any ftatute heretofore made to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

III.	And be it cnaded by the authority aforefaid, That any one or mote juftiie or juftices of the peace, reftding in the county where the perfon or perfons liable to any of the fines or forfeitures before n entioned, (hall live or refide, (hall be bound to hear and determine any Complaint madd in virtue of this aft, upon the oath dr oaths of one 6t more credible vritnefs or witnefies 5 and upon hearing the fame, if there (hall appear fuflicicnt proof of the offence having been committed, to grant a warrant or warrants, under his of their hand or hands and fcal or leal*, to l;vy by diftreft

6 ' ’	• *

The thirty -third Tear of George III.

'and fale of 4jbe goods and chattels of the perfon or perfoas fo offending or incurring ,fueh forfeiture, aH fuch fum and fums as aforefaid, returning the overplus, if any % and in cafe fuch dillrefs or dillreffes fhall fall fhort of the fum or fums fo intended to -be levied, that fuch juft ice or jufticeg ihall, by* fuch warrant or warrants as aforefaid, commit fuch offender to the gaol of the county where fuch offence fhali he committed, there to remain without bad or mainprize for fuch time as fuch juftice (hall dired, by his committal to he written for that purpofe, not lefs than nine days, nor more •than three.calendar months, according to the difcretion of fuch juftice or juftices.

IV.	And whereas ap aft paffed in the feventeenth and Inland fiflierp eighteenth years of his prcfent Majeft/s reign, entitled, a<*» *7 &

An afl fur the better prefervation of fijb, in riven, lakes, and Uco* ** inland waters ; and alfp another ad paffed in the twenty-.third and twenty-fourth years of his prefect Majefty’s reign, entitled, Aq afl for the protection and improvement oj the in-landJifheries of this kingdom, are about to expire-; and where-as the faid ads contain feveral good provifions for the pur-j>ofes for which they were enaded ; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid ads (hall be, and are hereby ,made perpetual, hny thing in faid recited ads, or in an^

^ther aid to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

CHAP. JA,

/in A8 to remove fome Doubts rejpe fling Perfons in OJice taking the Sacramental Tejl.

WHEREAS by an ad paffed in this kingdom, in the.

nineteenth and twentieth years of his piefent Ma-je fly’s reign, entitled, An. afl for the relief of his Majcjly*s faithful fubjefls, the protcjlant dtffenters of this kingdom, and to repeal a claufe iri the ad pf the fecond of Queen Anne, entitled, Ay afl to prevent the further growth oj papery, as far as the fame relates to the proteftajit diffenters, it is enad-jed, That all and every perfon or perfons being proteftants, lhall and may have, hold, and enjoy any office or offices, civil or military, and receive any pay, falary, fee, pr wage* belonging to, or by region of fuch office or place, nptwith-ftanding he (hall npt receive, or have received the facra-roent of the Lord’s Supper, as in a claufe in the faid ad of the fecond of Queen Anns, which is recited in the faid ad . pf the nineteentlf and twentieth years of his faid Majefty, is prescribed withput incurring any of the penalties in the faid

20 G

ecital jo ( . 3. c. 0.

Digitized by LjOOQle

yio

The tlirtf-durj Year *f George HI.

Broteftsatt of

church of Ireland not liable to forfeiture*, &c heretofore incurred, by not receiving the facrament.

All official done, or to he done by fueh pet iuu*| valid.

*A of the fccoad of Queen Anne,. ot1 any dhh fld, far,

or in refpe& of hia not receiving the fame : and whereas a doubt bath arifen upon the conftru&km of the (aid aft; be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's moil excellent MajefLy, by and with the advice and con fen t of the lords fpkitual and temporal, and commons in this prefect parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the (kmc, That the faid act of the nineteeth and twentieth years of his prefent Majeity, did not, and doth not extend, and (hall not be deemed, taken, and cod (Irued to have extended to proteflants of the church of Ireland, as by law eiak-Uihed, but to proteilant diiTenters only.

IL And be it enacted, That no proteftant o£ the church of Ireland, as by law eflabliihed, (hall be liable to, or be fued for, or on account of any forfeiture or penalty, or be fubject to any difability or incapacity heretofore incurred, by not receiving the facrament of the LordY tapper, or filing a certificate thereof, within the time preferibed by the faid act, pafled in the fecond year of the reign of her late Majefty Queen Anne, entitled, jin aQ td prevent the further growth of popery.

I IT. And be it further declared and enacted by the authority aforefcid, That all and every the act and act6 done by fuch perfon and perfons fince the paifing of the faid act of the nineteenth and twentieth years of his prefent Majetay, or which (hall hereafter be done by them, or any of them, in execution oh or by reafon of his, her, or their office or offices, place or places, employment or employments civil or military, have been, and (hall be good, effectual, and valid in the kw, as if all and every fuch perfon and perfons had received the faid facrament, and delivered fuch certificate thereof, at fuch time and place, and in fuch maoner as in the faid act of the fectyid oT Queen Anne 1$ mentioned, any thing in the faid lad mentioned act, or in any other act to the contrary notwitk landing, ■	‘



9 H A F,

/

wm-jf *4

Tie thirty-third Year rf George IIL.

CHAP. UU.

An Adfor making and cenftituting a new Pari/b* by the nameef

the Pari/b of Saint George, on the ground adjoining the City

of Dublin therein defcrtbedt and jor eroding and budding a

Pari/b Church therein.

YT7HEREAS by the extenfion of buildings adjoining the city of Dublin, north and nortL-caftward of the Lying-in-hofpital, and in the neighbourhood thereof, in the didrici herein after deferibed, fcveral new dreets have been made aod built, and others are now making and building* and the inhabitants of the faid di drift have become very numerous, and the faid diftrift not being within the county of the city of Dublin, or within the operation of any of the laws now in being, for regulating any parifh in the fame* and the inhabitants of faid didrift are deditute of the benefit of the performance of any ecclefiaftical duties, and have not a church for the public worfhip of God: and whereat doubts have arifen that the boundaries of the faid diftrift comprehend and furround a part of the parifh of Saint Mi-chan's, in the patronage of the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of the holy Trinity, commonly called Chrift-church, and for obviating all doubts touching the fame, the faid dean and chapter, and the reverend Thoma*

Robinfon, doftor in divinity, the prefent incumbent of the faid parifh of Saint Michan, by and with the confent of the mod reverend Robert lord archbifhop of Dublin, primate and metropolitan of Ireland, ordinary . of the place, have confented and agreed to the conftituting the faid diftrift into a new parifh ; be it therefore enafted by the King’s 'mod excellent Majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That all that diftjift or traft of ground beginning at the Dirtria hert-public fountain oppofite to the north-end of Sackville-dreet, in deferibed, in the city of Dublin, and from thence along that part of conftituted rec-Great Britain-ftrect, leading to Summer hill and Bally- tory or P*™** bough-lane, as far as the centre of the rivulet or dream of water running under Ballybough-bridge, and from thence along the faid rivukt, and through Drumcondra bridge, as for as G lafnevin-bridge, and from theoce along the ro&d leading to Dublin from Glafnevin, as far as Bradogue rivulet, and along the faid rivulet eadward to a well near the angle of the boundary jof the city -of Dublin, and from

thence

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

A. T>.

793-<*»!>• J3-

GnwmU vrft-

•d *•> re£nr for liu fcctcia.

Irfftc, &c.

now cLauigc £itt ol exarch.

thence in a ftraight line along the boundary of the faid etty, towards the north-call, to that part of the lane at the rcre of the ground or plot laid out for the houfea intended to be built in and upon a certain piece of ground /called the* Royal Circus, near the end of an intended ft reel called or to be called Margatet Place, and from thence in a fouth-eaft direction acrols Blcffin^ton-ftreet, to a lane called WhiteVlanc, and along the faid lane to the centre of Dorfet-ftrcet, and from - thence along Dorfct-ftrect, to ^ point oppofite the end of Frcdcrick-ftreet eaft, near Dorfet-flreet, and down Frederick-ftrect to Cavendrft>-row, and along Ca vend ifh-row, to the atorefcid public fountain oppo-fite to the end of Sackville-ftreet aforefaid, aH fituate in the county of Dublin, and all fquares, ftrecta, lanes, courts, and other places and grounds within the faid liaes of boundary herein c*prcfTed, be, and the fame arc hereby conlli-tuted and made a reflory or parilh.

If. And be it further enabled, That all that parcel of ground within the faid intended parilh herein after deferibed, tlttt is to fay, that pice.- of ground at the north comer of a new intended ftrect, to be called Belridere-ftrect, and adjoining the Circular road, containing in front to the (aid road one hundred feet, and in the rerc the like number of fret, and in depth from front to rere, one hundred and twenty feet, and alfo all that piece or pared of ground containing two roods or thereabouts, adjoining the banks of the Royal Canal, and at prefpnt under a neccfiary garden, (had be and are hereby veiled in the redor of the faid parilh herein after mentioned, for the time being, and his fuccefTovs for ever, for the ufes following, namely, as to fo much of faid ground as lies adjoining the Circular-road, for the pur-pofc of thereon building a parilh church, veftry-houfe, and other rooms and convenicncies ncceffary for a church, for the ufe of the minuter and parilhionei* of the faid parilh. and at to the faid two roods of grpund adjoining the (aid Royal Canal for the ptirpofe of endofing the fame, for a cemetery or burial ground for the faid parifhioners, any thing in the itatate* of mortmain to the contrary not with-ftanding.

III. Provided always, rr>rat if it fhall hereafter be fbnnd neceflary to change the feite fur the faid intended church * and cemetery or burial ground, or either of them, that the* and in fuch cak: the rertor of the laid parilh for the time being, with the confent of the riglit hon. Luke lord baron Mountjoy, the proprietor of faid ground, ^bd alfo of the deao and chapter of tlie holy Trinity, commonly called Chrift-church, to change the ground for the feite of faid church, or the ground for fad cemetery before deferibed,



Tie thlrtyJhtri Tear of George III.	76$

for ground of equal quantity in any other part of faid pa- A* D* prifh, which ground when fo exchanged (hall be and is hereby J793* yelled in the faid redor for the time being, and his fuccef- Chap. 53. fors forever, in like manner as the faid ground would have been had it remained for the purpofes aforefaid.

* IV. And be it further enaded, That there (hall be a Therefliall bf « reftor or minifter, with conftant and peipetual fucceeding jreidori of minifters there, who’(hall have the cane of fouh toni^hoihdl in the faid parifhi and have, enjoy, and receive from the receive tithes, inhabitants of the faid parifti, and occupiers of houfes and fcc.fcc. grounds therein, all fuch tithes, oblations, obventions, dues, duties, perquifites, rates, aflertments, and taxations as arife, grow, or renew within the faid parifh, and of right ought to be paid to the minifter or incumbent, and alfo all fucb (Turns of money as (hall from time to time be allotted, afeer-tained, and charged for the faid redor, minifter, or incumbent on the feveral houfes and offices in the faid pari(h, pursuant to two ads of parliament parted in this kingdom, ono in the feventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his late Majefty Charles the fecond, entitled, An ad for provh /ron of mmjlers in cities and corporate towns, and making the church of Saint Andrew's in the fuburbs of the city of Dub*

Jfn, prefentative for ever ; and the other in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad for the better and more certain valuation of houfes in counties of cities, and counties of tdwns ; which ada and evdy matter and thing thereby enaded, refpeding the valuation of houfes and offices, and allotting or afeertaining the fums to be paid out of the feveral houfes and offices to the incumbents, the times for paymept thereof, and the powers for receiving, levying, and recovering the fame, (hall be deemed and taken to extend to the faid pavi(h hereby made and conftituted, as fully as if the fame were fituate within the city of Dublin, and the liberties thereunto ad--joining, fubjed neverthelefs to the vifitation and power of the ordinary of the diocefe, and to fuch other cations and laws ecclefiaftical, as redors and minifters pre ufually and of right ought to be fubjed to, and that there (hall be for thq |aid parifh, two church-wardens, two fynodfmen or fidefc men, a parifh clerk, and all other ufual and neceflafy parifh officers in fucceffion -for ever, who (hail for ever perform and execute the feveral duties belonging to their refpedive offices, and have and receive the feveral and refpedive profits, benefits, advantages, and privileges ufually enjoyed with, and bf right belonging to fuch offices in parifhes, and alfo that ^he redor or minifter, or his licenfed affiftant in the cure of the faid parifh, and the pariihionert of the fame, (hall and

may1

A. D. *793*

Ck-p S3*

To W called parUb o/ St*

George.

The hen. and rev. John £1Ei Agar, &c.

Reborn to read their con-icm, a» herein.

The thirty-third Tear of George 1IL

may bold vcftrics for the (aid parifh, and fuck vefbtes may make rpks and orders for regulating and ordering the (aid parifh, and for all fuch other matters and things incident to parifhes, as the veflry of any parifh in'the city of Dublin, can or may vdo, which rules and orders fhall have the lame force and effed in law, as rules and orders made in the ?e&ry of any other parifh have, or ought to have.

V.	And be it enaded, That the laid parifh (ball be called by the name of the parifh of Saint George, and that every redor thereof (hall be and is hereby incorporated and made one body politic and corporate, by the name of the redor of the parifh of Saint George, Dublin ; and (hall he capable to fur, and be fued in all courts and places in this kiit£dom, and that the church-war dens of the faid parifh, and their fuccefTors, church-wardens of the parifh, (hall be a body corporate by the name of the church wardens of the parifh of Saint George, Dublin, and fhall be capable to fue and be fued by fuch name in all courts snd places in this kingdom, and by fuch name to purahafe and take lands of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, to the ufe of the (aid parifh, the datute of mortmain, or any other law to the contrary not with (landing.

VI.	And be it enaded, That the honourable and reverend John Ellis Agar, clerk, mafler of arts, fhall be the firft red or or miuifler of the faid parifh ; and he is hereby declared to be the redor or miuifler of the faid parifh, and fhall have the cure of fouls therein, during his continuing redor of the faid parifh, without any admiilion, inflitution, or indu&ion to the fame, and (hall be entitled to all advantages and provifion for the redor or minifker of the faid pa-vim provided by this ad, and he is hereby authorized to hold and enjoy the faid redory or parifh without prejudice or forfeiture of any ecclefiaftical benefice or benefices which be is now pofTcffed of, provided that he (hall in his abfencc keep and maintain a curate who fhall be reddent in the faid parifh, any law or cufiom to the contrary notwithflanck ing.

VII.	And be it enaded. That it fhaO and may be lawful for the faid John Ellis Agar, within two months after the palling of this ad, to read his afTent and confent in one of the parifh churches of St. Thomas, St. Mary, or St. Michan, in the city of Dublin, and for all his fiicceflbrs, redors of the faid parifh of St. George, to read their aflents and con-fents refpedively, in any one of the faid parifh churches within two months after they fhall be refpedively lawfully inflituted redors of the faid parifh of Saint George, if no parifh church fhall be at the time or times of their rcfpec-tive inilitutions into dud parifh built and credcd within the

Digitized by Google

The thirty-third Tear if George HI.

laid parifh, and that fuch reading the silent and content of the faid John Ellis Agar, and of the aflents and confents of his fucccffors refpedtively, (hall be good and valid to all intents and purpofes, any law or ilatute to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it cna&ed, That Richard Grace of Great George's-ftreet, in the county of the city of Dublin, ef-quire, and John Darcy, of Great Denmark-ftreet, in the (aid county, efquire, (hall be the prefent and immediate church wardens of the faid parifh, to continue in their faid office nntil the feaft of Eafter, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, at which time and fo for ever hereafter at every feaft of Eafter in each year, two church wardens (hall be appointed according to the raonner ufed in the pari(hes within the county of the city of Dublin.

IX.	And be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the.ne&or and minifter of the faid parifh, and be is hereby required within one month from the palling of this a£t, upon previous notice given by the faid re&or in writing ten days before the time thereby appointed for the Meeting, to convene the inhabitants of the faid parifh of Saint George* to meet at fome convenient place within die fame, and diat it (hall and may be lawful for the faid rc&or and church wardens, and the majority of the inhabitants of the faid parifh then prefent, to choofe fuch other officers of the laid parifh as may be needfary, and that the faid redor, church wardens, and parifhioners of the faid parifh, may every year after at the ufual time appointed, appoint twh church wardens, and eled other officers of the faid parifh.

X.	And be it enaded, That in cafe any inhabitant of the faid parifh of Saint Gcoige, or owner of any houfe and offices therein, (hall upon demand of the church wardens thereof^ or of either of them, refufe or delay to pay fuch futn or Turns of money as fhall be allotted or charged upon the houfe wherein he dwells, and the offices thereto, by the commiffioners, or valuators for that purpofe to be appointed purfuant to the faid ilatutes, or either of them, at the days or times ufual for the payment thereof, that then it fhall and may be lawful for the faid church wardens, or either of them, to enter into the faid houfe and offices, and diftram for fuch fum or fums as fhall be then in arrear, and to take, carry away, and fell fuch diftrefs according to law, and to pay over to the incumbent fuch arrear as fhall be due to him, and after deducing the reafonable cofts and expences attending fuch diftraining, to pay over the remainder unto the faid inhabitant; and if the faid church wardens hr either of them fhall fail to do tktir duty therein, then and in fuch cafe the

(kid

Charah-war*

dens.

Re&or, See. tocled officers.

Churchwardens maf diflriin.

Lord Mount-Joy, and hit heir*, and dean and chapter of Chrift church tm be patrons.

Any proprietor of ground in laid parilh, may convey to the re&or 2 acres for ever, lor a church.

To provide tor building church, Iteeple,

hCi

The thirty third Tear of George Itl.

faid cKureh wardens to be punilhed for his or their negled; as the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governor! and council of this kingdom (hall think fit.

XI.	And whereas a great part of the ground within the faid diftri&, with the rc&orial tithes thereof, are the eflatc df inheritance of Luke lord baron Mountjoy, and as the faid lord Mountjoy has agreed to give a9 much of the faid ground as may be requifite for the building of a church* *nd making a church yard for the faid parilh ; be it enacted, That the faid lord baron Mountjoy, and his heirs and aifigns, and the dean and chapter of Chrill Church (hall for ever be patrons of faid re&ory or parilh, and owners of the advowfon thereof, and that^ tlie faid lord Mountjoy, and the faid dean and chapter (half have the alternate right of pit-fentation of a fit clerk thereto* as fpon as the faid redory or parilh lhall become vacant, and upon all future vacancies to be dire&ed to the lord arcli-bilhop of Dublin for the time being, or any other perfon or perfons having compc' tent authority in that behalf, for in&itution and indu&oa thereto; and the next prefentation after that hereby made of the (aid John Ellis Agar, (hall belong to the faid lord baron Mountjoy, and his heirs and alfigns, as for his firft appointment under faid alternate right of prefentation.

XII.	And whereas it will be peceflary to provide ground In the faid parilh, for the ere&ing of a church for the public celebration of divine fervice, and for a cemetery or burying ground j be it enadted, That it lhall and may be lawful for any proprietor of any ground within the faid parilh, no^-withtUnding any fuch proprietor may be feized only for an eftate for life, or in tail therein, to grant and couvey to the re&or or incumbent of the faid parilh, and his fucceffois for ever, a fufficicnt quantity of ground, not exceeding two acres, for the purpofe of building, eredfcmg* and making thereon a church, with all othet buildings neceflaty thereto, and a cerrtetery or burying ground, m like manner m perfons are authorized to grant or fet ground for fuch pur-pofes by the laws now ip being; or lhall be authorized by any law hereafter to be made, fuch grant aod conveyance to be in trull for the inhabitants of the faid parilh for ever, and that the rc&or or incumbent of the laid parifh be9 and is hereby enabled to take fuch grant and conveyance, the flatute of mortmain, or any other law to the contrary not-withftanding.

XIII.	And in order to provide a fund for the building and completing of the faid church, with a tower or fteeple; and a veftry-houfe, and for eodofing a cemetery or burying ground, for the ufe of the faid parilh 5 be it enabled, That t (hall and may be lawful for tfcc chureh-wardtni of the U

(•rift

Digitized by

Googfe

The thirty-third Tear of Geofgc 11^.	7*7

parifti for the time being, to take and receive all voluntary contributions which may be given, for any of the faid pur* pofes, and alfo with tlie content of the re&or or minilter, and the inhabitants of the faid parifh, or the greater part of them aflemblcd at fuch vellries or meetings, as (hall be appointed for that purpofe, to rate and aflefs the fevcral houfes, offices and grounds in the faid parifh, with fuch fum$ as they {hall think fit, for and towards building and ere&ing the faid church, with a tovrer or fteeple, and a veftry-houfe, and for tnclofmg a cemetery or burying grouud, and for providing ornaments and utenfils, and aifo a bell or bells for the faid church, and to levy thfc fame, with the nc-eeffary charges, by difirefs and fale of the goods of the party not paying, in fuch manner as cedes for the reparation of churches in this kingdom are ufually levied an4 recovered* and the faid church-wardens, and their fuccdTors, (hall apply all fuch monies to the purpofes aforefaid.

XIV,	And be it ena&ed. That the faid church (hall be deemed and taken to be a parifh church, and be a perpetual cure and benefice, and (hall be called by the name of the pa-ri(h church of the parifh of Saint George, and after the faid* church (hall be confecrated, the re&or or ininifler for the time being, (hall perform, or caufe to be performed all divine offices, and occafional fervices in the faid church, according to law, and the ufage of the chyvch of Ireland, and that all fuch offices and fervices (hall have the like effect and authority as they would have had, if performed in any othec parifh church,

XV.	And be it ena&ed, That if any perfon (hall be brought, or fuit commenced againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this a61, that in every fuch cafe, the a&bn (hall be brought within fix months next after the fa& committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid in the county of Dublin, and not elfewhere ; and the defendant or defendants in fuch a<ftion or a&ions to be brought, (hall and may plead the general iflue not guilty, and give this a & and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by authority of this a& ; and if it (hall appear fo to be done, or that fuch a&ion or actions (hall be brought in any other county or place, that then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants, and upon fuch verdidt, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be non-fmted, or difeontinue bis action after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if upon demurrer, judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cods, upon an affidavit made, or the certificate of the judge before whom fuch caufe (hall be

tried*

A. Dl ,

‘793-Chap. 53-

To be caikd “ the parifh church of th« parifh of St.j George,* flec.

A^icmt, &c. hpw I*id.

Hot to atfett tight of pcrfoaa chiming prx-Aal titbc*,

A puhlkk a£L

Hot to sife& the right* of the corporation ul Dublin,

The thartyMrd Year ef George III.

tried, whereby it may appear that fach fait was profecutcd again ft the defendant or defendants, for the matters coo* tained in this a&, and fhall have like remedy for the (kmc, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cods of bit in other cafes by law.

XVI.	Provided always. That this aH, or any thing thereto contained, fhall not affe&, or be deemed or conftrued to affc& or iefTcn the right of any perfon whatfberer, lawfully claiming, or to churn any pnedial tithes hTuing or payable out of any part of the faid diftriH, under or by fir-tpe of any grant thereof made by his Majefty, or hisprede-ceflors.

XVII.	And be it ena&ed, That this alt fhall betanlbe dfemed, taken, and adjudged to be a public a&, and be judicially 9 ken notice of as fuch by all judges, jaftices, and other perfon* what foever, without fpeciafiy pleading the lame.

XVIII.	Provided neverthelefe, that nothing fn this ad contained, fhall in any wife aftelt the rights of the corporation of the city of Dublin, or of any perfbos whoatfoerer, to the parifh of Clonturk, it being the true intent and meaning of this alt, that the faid diftriH in this ad mentioned, fhall not extend further on the fide aext adjoining the parifh of Clonturk, than the boundary of the uid pa-riih of Saint Michan’s, as mentioned and ascertained by the book of diftrsbutions remaining in the aodkor gcneial,i office.

CHAP. LIV.

An a3 for amending an A8% Entitled, An AS fir repairing and preferring the Walls of the River Anna Liffey, m the City of Dublin y and fir amending an A3 puffed in the Twentyfixth Year of Hit Majcjly's Rrignt Entitled, an A3 fir promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering hi Port and arbour more Commodious•

Recital 3a XT7HEREAS by an ad pafled fn the thirty-fecood 3 c, 55. VV yea** of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An a3 for repairing and preferring the walls of the river Anne Diffiy* in the city oj Dublin, and for amending an ad pafled is the twentyfixth year of his Majcjly's reign, Entitled, An a3 for promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendering its port and harlour more commodious, it was ena&ed, That from aud after the palling faid all, all and every perfon and pedk&s who was or were, or fhould be the occupier or occqpim*

#St	«

\

Digitized by

Google

-The thirty-third Tear of George III*

or in any manner in the poflefiion of any ground, or of any houfe or houfes, or other building or buildings which were or (hould be ere&ed, on any ground fituate on thofe parts of the fouth fide of the faid river Anna LifFey, called Crampton-Quay, and AftonVQuay, lying between the weft end of Crampton-Quay aforefaiH, and the new bridge then ere&ing, and to be called Carlifle«Bridge, and fronting to the faid quays refpe&ively, (hould yearly, and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June for ever* pay* or caufe to be paid to the faid corporation for preferring and improving the port of Dublin, and their fuccefTors, at the ballaft-office of the port of Dublin, for the time being, the fum of one (hilling and fix pence, for each and every foot which fuch ground, or fuch houfe or houfes refpe&ively ihould contain, together with fees for receiving and collecting the fame, at the rate of five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the fum which (hould be fo payable by fuch perfon or perfons refpe&ively, the firft payment of the faid rates and fees to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June, then next; and that from and after the patting of the faid aCt, all and every perfon and perfons who were or (hould be the occupier or occupiers, or in any manner in poffeffion of any ground immediately fronting to, and adjoining that part of the fodth quay wall of the faid river Anna LifFey, lyinc between Cariifie-Bridge aforefaid, and the weftward point of the ground belonging to the Marine School, or of any houfe or houfes, building or buildings which were, or (hould be creCted on any fuch ground, (hould yearly, and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June for ever, pay, or caufe to be paid to the rfaid Corporation, and their fuccefTors, at the ballaft-office of the port of Dublin, for the time being, the fum of one (hilling and fix pence fterling, for each and every foot which faid ground, or houfe or houfes refpettively (hould contain in front to the faid laft mentioned part of the ^faid fouth quay wall, together with fees for receiving and coile&ing the fame, at the rate of five pounds per centum, upon the fum which (hould be fo payable by fuch perfon or perfons refpedlively, the firft payment of the faid laft men-* tioned rates and fees to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June, then next; and that from and after the pafiing of the faid a&, all and every perfon or perfons who were, ot (hould be the occupier or occupiers, or in any manner in pofTeffion of any ground immediately fronting to, and adjoining that part of the faid fouth quay wall of the faid river, lying be« tween the faid weftward point of the ground belonging to the faid Marine School, and the eaftward end of the quay, called fir John Rogerfon’s Quay, or of any houfe or houfes, building or buildings, which then were, or (hould be ere died

Vql. IX.	j	C	oa

770

A. D.

1793*

Chap. $4.

Tie thirty-third Tear of George III.

on any fuch ground, fhould yearly, and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June for ever, pay, or caufe be paid to the faid Corporation, and their fucceffors, at the ballaft-office of the port of Dublin, for the time being, the fum of one (hilling and fix pence fterling, for each and every foot which fuch ground, or houfe or houfes laft mentioned refpedively fhould contain in from to the faid laft mentioned part of tire faid fouth quay wall, together with fees for col* letting and receiving the fame, at the rate of five pounds per centum, upon the fum which fhould be fo payable by fuch perfon or perfons ^refpedively*, the firft payment of the laid lull mentioned rates and fees, to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June, then next; and from and after the palling of the laid ad, all and every perfon and perfons who were or fhould be the occupier or occupiers, or in any manner in pofleffion of any ground immediately fronting to, and adjoining that part of the fouth quay wall of the faid river, lying between the faid eallward end of fir John Ro-gerfon’s V^nny, and the bridge of Ringfend, or of any houfe or houfes, building or buildings, which fhould or might be ereded on any fuch ground, fhould yearly, and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June for ever, pay or caufe to be paid, to the faid corporation, and their fucceffors, at the ballaft-office of the port of Dublin, for the time being, the fum of one fhilling and fix pence ftcrling, for each and every foot winch fuch ground, or houfe or houles refpedivdy fhould contain in front to the faid laft mentioned part of the fouth quay wall, together with fees for colleding and receiving the fame, at the rate of five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the fum which fhould be fo payable by fuch perfon or perfons refpedively, the firft payment of the faid laft mentioned rates and fees to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June, then next; and that from and after the palling of the faid ad, there fhould be paid and payable yearly, and every' year, on every twen* ty-fourth day of June for ever, to the faid corporation, and their fucceflbrs for ever, at the ballaft-office of the port of Dublin, for the time being, out of, and for all the ground immediately fronting to, and adjoining the quay wall, which lies between the bridge of Ringfend, and the road called the Artichoke-Road, the yearly fum of forty pounds fter* ling, together with five pounds per centum thereon, as fees for colleding aud receiving the fame, the firft payment of the faid laft mentioned yearly fum, and the faid fees, to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June, then next; and it was by the faid recited ad, farther enaded, Thai the laid corporation fhould, out of the firft monies that fhould arife from the laid duties and taxes! to be railed for the repair

. *



Digitized by

Google

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

and prefervation of the faid walls, pay into hi3 Majefty’g treafury, fuch fum as (hould appear to have been laid oat in the (lopping a breach in the faid fouth wall, purfuant to .an addrefs of the houfe of commons to his excellency the lord lieutenant, in the then prefent feflion of parliament; and in order to enable the faid corporation to pay fuch fum into his Majefly’s treafury as aforefaid, it wa3 by the faid recited aft further enafted, That all that part of the faid fouth lots, adjoining to the faid fouth quay wall, fituate on the front of fir John Rogerfon’s Quay aforefaid, bounded on the well by that part of the ellate of the right honourable Luke lord baron Mountjoy, and John Bowes Benfon, ef-quire, then or theretofore in the poffeffion of Charles Edward Mayne, cfquire, or his jftidcr-tenants, and on the eaR by the quay adjoining the river Dodder, and which faidpart of the faid fouth lots was then in the poflefiion of Edward Kent, and Nicholas Le Favre, or their under-tenants, under the faid Luke lord baron Mountjoy, and part of which fronts the faid part of the faid fouth wall, in which the aforefaid breach happened, (hould, from the palling of faid aft, (land charged and chargeable with, and that all and every perfon and perfons, who then were, or (hould be the occupier or occupiers, or in any manner in polfeflion of the faid part of the faid fouth lot3, (hould yearly, and every* year, on every twenty-fourth day of June, pay, or caufe to be paid unto the faid corporation, and their fuccefTors, at the ballaft-office of the port of Dublin, for the time being, over and above the* other rates and payments before made payable thereout by this aft, the further and additional fum of two (hillings derling, for each and every foot which the faid part of the faid fouth lots, fo in the pofleffion of the laid Edward Kent, and Nicholas Le Favre contains,until fuch time as the whole of the faid fum fo laid out in the Hopping the aforefaid breach, (hould be fully paid in to the faid corporation, Or their fucceflbrs, the firll payment of the faid additional or further yearly fum, to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June, then next: and whereas it was omitted by the faid aft, to charge the faid lad mentioned part of the faid fouth lot9, with fees for collefting and receiving the faid additional yearly rate or fum of two (hillings per foot, for the fame : and whereas fufficient remedies have not been preferibed by the faid aft, for recovering or enforcing the payment of the faidfevcral rates and duties, and fees for col-lcfting the fame, by the faid aft charged as aforefaid, and feveral of the faid rates, duties, and fees, which became due and payable under the faid aft, on the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and nmcty-tvvo, as 3 C 2	well

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

well as thofc which became due and payable on the twenty* fourth day of June, one thoufaqd feven hundred and ninety-three, ft ill remain in arrear, and unpaid; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame, That the aforefaid part of the faid fouth lots, fo in pofTeflion of the faid Edward Kent, and Nicholas Le Favre, (hall over and above the aforefaid additional rate of two (hillings per foot for the fame, be, and Hand charged and chargeable with fees for eolle&ing the faid additional rate and duty, at the rate of five pounds per centum, to be computed upon each and every yearly fum which (hall be fo payable thereon for the (aid addition?) duty.

II.	And iii order fully and effe&ually to enable the (aid tnay recover all corporation to recover the aforefaid arrears of the (aid ratea i ate* and duties and duties, and additional duty and fees for colle&ing the unpaid, See., fame, and alfo all the aforefaid rates and duties, and additional duty and fees which (hall hereafter become due and payable by virtue of, and under the faid a& ; be it ena&ed. That it (hall and may from henceforth be lawful to and for the faid corporation to recover and enforce payment of all and every the aforefaid rates and duties, and additional duty and fees fo now in arrear and unpaid, and alfo all and every the aforefaid rates and duties, and additional, duty and fees which (hall hereafter become due and payable, in cafe the fame or any of them, or any part of them, or of any of them (hall be in arrear or unpaid for the fpace of ten days next after the twenty-fourth day of June, in any one year, either by civil bill againft the faid Edward Kent, and Nicholas Le Favre, their heirs, executors, adminiftra* tors or afligns, or the perfon or perfons who (hall be in pofTeflion of the ground, houfe, or premifes out of which fuch rates and duties, and additional duty and fees, or any of them,' or any arrear or arrears thereof, now are or (hall hereafter be payable, or upon which the fame are charged or chargeable as aforefaid, tnuLr or by virtue of the faid recited a& of parliament, or to foe fuch perfon or perfons by a6tion of debt, to be brought in any of his Majefty’s courts of law, again ft fuch perfon or perfons by and m the name of the faid corporation or their fucceflors, in which a&ion it (hall and may be lawful to and for the court in which the fame (liaH be brought, and fuch court is hereby required to hold the defendant therein to fpecial bail, upea a writ of capias to be ifliied out of fuch court for that pur-pofe ; provided fuch rates and duties, or any part thereof, ftall amount to the fum of teu pounds or upwards., fuch

amoaat

Coroormtion

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-third Yt*r §f George III,

amourtt to be previoufly afcertained by the affidavit of the perfon who (hall be or a£l as ballad mader of the port of Dublin for the time being, or it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation to recove* all and every the aforefaid rates and duties fo now in arrear and unpaid, aqd alfo all and every the aforefaid rates and duties which (hall hereafter become due and payable as aforefaid, in cafe the fame (hall be in arrear as aforefaid, by didrefs of the goods and chattels tp be found in and upon fuch ground, houfes, and premifes, or any of them, out of which fuch arrear or arrears is or are, or (hall be due as aforefoid, and for that purpofe it (hall and may be lawful to an$ for any three or more members of the faid corporation or their fucceflors, by warrant or warrants under their hands and feals, to autho* rize and empower any perfon or perfons, and fuch perfon or perfons is and are hereby authorized and empowered tp enter into and upon (hch grounds, houfes, and premifes, or any of them, out of which fuch arrears as aforefaid, or any of them are, or is, or (hall, or may be due, and to didrairt for the fame, and immediately to fell and difpofe of the didrefs and didrefles which (hall be then and there found, and out of the money arifing by fuch fale, to pay and dif-charge fuch arrear or arrears, and all cods and charges attending the taking and felling of fuch didrefs or didrefles ; and in cafe no fufficient didrefs or didrefles can or may be found therein, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation and their fucceflors, or any three or more of the members thereof, and they are hereby author rized and empowered after fuch notice given as herein after mentioned, abfolutely to fell fuch ground, houfes, or premifes, or any of them, out of which fuch arrear or arrears as aforefaid, now is or are hereafter (hall be due, and all the edate and intereft of the perfon or perfons holding or /occupying the fame, cither by himfelf or his undertenants or undertenant, to the higheft and faired bidders or bidder, by public cant, to be held at the tholfel of the city of Dublin; and the faid corporation and their fucceflors are hereby empowered by deed or deeds, under their common feal, to convey and aflign fuch ground, houfes, or premifes, or any of them, and all fuch edate and Entered as aforefaid, unto fuch purchafer or purch&fers, upon payment and in confideration of the fum or fums of money which (hall be fo bid by fuch purchafer or purchafcrs, and the faid corporation and their fucceflors are hereby required and empowered out of the money arifing by fuch fale or fales, in the fit A place to pay and fatisfy the arrear or arrears of the laid rates, duties, and fees, which at the time or times of fuch fale or Tales, (hall be due or owing out of fuch

ground.

774

A. D.

*793- > Chap. 54.

Porchafers to

enjoy houfes, &c. for ever, on getting a receipt, and deed o{conveyance.

Notice of fale to be polled in the Tnolfcl, and publifted 3 timet in Gazette 14 days before laic.

If arrears, intereft, and coft be paid before cant, futh fale (hall not go on.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

ground, houfes, or premifes, or any of them, which (hall be (o fold with legal intereft for fuch arrear or arrears, from the time or times the fame ought to be paid refpe<Elively as aforefaid, and the neccflary cofts and charges which (hall be incurred in and about fuch fale, and after payment and fatisfa&ioo thereof, the refldue of the money arifmg from fuch fale or Tales, if any fuch refldue there be, (hah be paid to the perfon or perfons who immediately before fuch fale or fales/fhall be entitled to fuch eftate or intereft as aforefaid, in fuch ground, houfe*; and premifes, or any of them as Hi all be fo fold.

III.	And be it ena&ed, That the receipt or receipts of the faid corporation, or three or more of the members thereof, (hall be a fufficient difeharge or fufficient discharges to the pdrehafer or purchafers of any fuch ground, houfqs, and premifes on fuch public cant, for the purchafe money fo to be paid by him, her, or thfcm refpe&ively, and from and after the payment thereof, and execution of fuch deed or deeds of conveyance as aforefaid, fuch purchaser or purchafers, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns refpedtively, fhall for ever thereafter hold and enjoy fuch houfes, ground, and prefnifes freed and discharged of and from all title, claim, and demand whatfoever, of every fuch perfon and perfons whofc eftate and intereft therein fhall be fo fold, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, and of every other perfon or perfon* claiming by, from,- or under him, her,, or them.

IV.	Provided always. That before any fuch fale (hall he made as aforefaid, public notice thereof in writing under the hands of three or more of the members of the laid corporation or their fucceflors, (hall be given by publickly polling up the fame in the Tholfel of the Taid city of Dublin, and publilhing fucb notice three times in the Dublin Gazette, at lead fourteen days before the day which (hall Be therein appointed for fuch fale.

V.	And provided alfo, That if fuch perfon or perfons

whofe eftate or eftates,' intereft or intereits, ftiall be adver-tifed to be fold as aforefaid, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, ftiall at any time before fuch cant, pay off and difeharge all arrear of the faid yeaily rates and duties, and fees as (hall be fondue out of fuch ground, houfes, and premifes, which (hall be fo advertifed td be fold, together with legal intereft for the fame, from the time the lame became due, to the time of fuch payi ment, and all expences of advertifing as aforefaid, that then and in fuch cafe fuch fale (hall not be proceeded upon, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftand-ing.	,

•	VI.	And

Corporation may ufe any of aforefaid reme-

*The thirty-third Tear of George HI,

VI.	And provided alfo, and be it enafted, That it /hall be lawful for the faid corporation to refort to and make ufe of any of the aforefaid remedies for recovery of fuch arrears as aforefaid, of the faid rates, duties, and receivers fees payable thereupon, as the faid corporation and their fuccef-fors /hall think fit, and at their free will, choice, and elec- _ tion ; and that it /hall not be neceffary for or incumbent dies for recovery upon the faid corporation or their fuccc/fors, either by them- of arrear*. fclves, or by any perfon whatfoever, to make any demand

of the faid rates, duties, additional duty and fees or any of them, from any perfon or perfons whatfoever, previous to any of the aforefaid proceedings, for recovery / thereof, it being hereby declared to be incumbent on the feveral perfons chargeable therewith to pay the fame at the ballad office of the port of Dublin, to fuch perfon as /hall be authorized by the faid corporation, or their fucce/Tors, under their common feal, to receive the fame.

VII.	And be it enafted, That in cafe any aftion or fuit Suitsto he whatfoever /hall be brought dr commenced again/l any per- commenced fon or perfons for any matter or thing by him or them done

or executed by virtue of or in purfuance of this aft, fuch aftion or fuit /hall be commenced within fix months next after the alledged caufe of fuch aftion or fuit /hall accrue, and not afterwards, and the defendant or defendants in fuch aft ion, may plead the general iffue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of and by authority of this aft, and if the fame /hall appear to have been fo done, or if fuch aft ion or fuit /hall not be brought within the time herein before limited, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants, and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch aftion or fuit /hall be lion Tutted, or fuffer a difcontiauance thereof, or if a verdift /hall pafs ag^iuft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer, judgment /hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants /hall have double coils.

VIII.	And be it enafted by phe authority aforefaid, That Corporation

it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation "»ay reimburse to pay and reimburfe themfclvcs by ar^d out of the firft of	ob-

the rates, duties; and revenues which they /hall receive by taming this aft. virtue of this aft, all fuch cofts and cxpences as they fhall

be put to in the obtaining of this aft.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft fhall be a public aft, and fhall he deemed and taken notice of as fuch by alTjudgcs, jufticcs,. and others in all^ courts and places without pleading the fame.

A publick aft.

A. D.

*795t

Tbi thirty-third Tear of George III. CHAP. LVI.

An AQ refusing the Collection of Publick Money, to be levied in the County of the City of Dublin, by Presentment.

Amended T^THEREAS very large arrears of money presented by 55 G. 3. c. J4« Y V the different grand juries of the county of the city of Dublin, to be levied off the inhabitants of the feveral pa-rifhes in the faid city have accrued, and are Rill due, by which means the creditors of the publick money to be pre-fen ted off the county of the city of Dublin, arc delayed in the payment of the money juftly due to them, and the pub-lick are thereby much injured: And whereas it has been found by experience, that the ads now exifting for the colliding of the publick money, are inadequate for the pur-pofes for which they were intended 5 be it therefore enacted by the King’s rood excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affcmbled, 2nd by the Authority of the fame. That two feveral ads of parliament made in this kingdom, the firft, entitled, An act for making Qmi amending publick roads in the county of Dublin, and for the regulating, applotting, and levying of money in the county of the city of Dublin, and the fecond, entitled, An act for the more effectually collecting of the publick money, to be raifed by preferment within the county of the city of Dublin, and alfo for more effectually repairing the roads within the county of the faid city, and the liberties thereof; and palled in the twenty-fix th year of his prefent Majeily, fo far as they refpedively relate to the county of the city of Dublin, be, and the fame are hereby repealed; provided ndyerthelefs, that *11 ads, matters and things, done and executed, or now doing and executing by virtue of faid recited afts, fhall not be prejudiced, impeded or avoided by the repeal of faid ads, but fuch ads, matters and things, fhall be continued and completed by vjrtue of the authority of this ftatute.

King’s bench II. And be it euaded, That from and after the palling grand jury t<y 0f this ad, the grand jury of the court of King’s bench,

o^minifterj mo- "Wj* a.nd/WO™ \T the	“^7 of the city

ucy, as herein, of Dublin, (hall, and they arc hereby empowered and required at Michaelmad term ia every third year, or oftener, if necefTary, to take an exad account -of the minifter’s money, chargeable upon the feveral inhabitants of this city, m their feveral parilhes, and from thence to form a table of applot-ment of the proportion which every parifh bears to the • -	'	’	others^

Digitized by Google

The thirty-third Tear of George TIT,

othen; apd when fo regulated, (hall, if they think proper, prefent the fame as a regular and fit table for applotting the publkk money, which when fo formed and prefented,

(hall be, and is hereby appointed a table for applotting the publick money, and mall be printed and publifhed as fuch.

III.	And the better to enable the faid grand jury to form itch table of applotment, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That within ten days after the pafling of this ad, snd as often at any fubfequent time as the faid tprm grand ^f?cr P*** jury fhall dire&, the treafurer of the publick money (hall

give notice in writing, diredcd to the miniiler and church- notice to mi-wardens of the refpedive parifhes in the county of the faid mftcrs and city, defiring him or them to return to the faid treafurer, ar exad account of the grofs fum of minified money, pay- C0Jntswkhin able by the inhabitants of each and every fuch parilh; fuck xq days, return to be made to the faid - treafurer within ten days fiom the time of fuch notice being delivered; and to be verified by affidavit of the church wardens, oi one of them, or of the veftry clerk of fuch parities; and that in 'cafe the faid minifter and church-wardens (hall refute or negled to make fuch return, and in cafe faid church-wardens and vef-try-clerk (hall fail or refufe to make fuch return and affidavit, it (hall be lawful for the juftice3 of the King’s bench,

;o fine them, or any of them, any fum not exceeding fifty pounds each, for every fuch refufal or omiffion.

IV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That within to the trtahirer of the publick money of the faid city, (hall, days after Eafier within ten days after every Eufter and Michaelmas term in and Michael-every year, by the, faid table, applot and aflVfs on the feve- r t o*ap plot * rd pariffies in the faid city, and county of the faid city, &c ^ ta* j fich publick money as (hall from time to time be prefented hie.

to be raifed by the feveral grand juries of the court of King's beich, or of the qnarter-feffious to be held in and for the fail county of the faid city, and infert in warrants the faid applotment and afleffment, and the ufes for which they are refpc&ively raifed; which warrants the faid lord mayor of tie faid city is hereby empowered and required to fign and dire&, and caufe the fame to be delivered to the churchwardens of tfie feveral parifhea of the faid city, as hath been from time immemorial accuftomed.

V.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Veftriwtobe the minifter, church-warden, and church-wardens* of the conyenedwithin faid parifties of the faid city* (hall, and are hereby required ^c*ipt#of war- * within fourteen days after the receipt of fuch warrants in the ,anlf%

- ufual manner, to convene a veftry of the inhabitants of their refpe&ive pariffies, and to applot and afiefs upon the feveral folvent inhabitants of the refpe&ive pari flies, their rcfpe&ive

proportion

Within

r*

77*

A. D

"793-Chap. 5 6.

Notice of ap-plotmeut, Ac.

Church wardens not to appoint colled ors •f pnblick moot;.

The dnrty-ihird Tear of George III.

proportion of the faid publick money, and they are hereby directed to applot and aflefe the fame within the time afore-fatd ; and in cafe the minillcr, church-warden, or parifhionert of fuch parifli (hail refufe or omit to aflcmble after fncti no-lice given by the treafurer a6 aforefaid, or when afiembied /hall negleft or refufe to applot within the time herein before limited, the propoition which fuch parifh is to bear of the publick money, Mpon the feveral folrent inhabitants of fuch parifh, or (hall neglcft or refufe to comply with, or carry into execution any requihtion which may be made to them by any grand jury or grand juries parfuant to this aft, far the purpofe of applotting on, and aiding in the collefting the publick money, to be levied off the pari (bespit /hall acd may be lawful for the (aid judges of his Majefty’s court of King’s bench, in the manner herein before mentioned, to fine fuch minifter, church-warden, or pariftiioncrs of fuch parifh, in any fum not exceeding one hundred pounds ; and lor the levying and collecting tire fines impofed by this aft, tiie procefs of the faid court of King’s bench (hall itTue as occafion (hall require, and which faid hue when raifird or paid, (hall gey aud be applied towards the fupport of the blue-coat-hofpital.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That when and fo often as publick money fhall be applot-ted and afTeffed by any veflry or vellries, upon the feveral folvent inhabitants of any parifh, under and by virtue of this aft, the church-wardens of firch jiarifh fnall, within fix days after fuch applotment, give notice thereof in writing to the treafurer of the publick money of the faid city, and (hall return to the faid treafurer a true copy of the ap-plotmcnt fo made by them on the refpeftive inhabitants of faid refpeftive parifhes, or in default thereof, fuch churchwardens (hall be fined in manner herein before prefetibed, fa a fum not exceeding one hundred pound?, to be applied in manner aforefaid.

VII.	And for the further, better, and more effeftually collecting the money prefented by the feveral grand juries of the city of Dublin, at the feveral times when they are by law enabled to prefent the fame, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the palling of this aft, the faid church-wardeos fhall not direft or appoint aay perfon or perfons vvhatfoever to colleft all or any part of the faid publick money fo as aforefaid prefented, or to be prefented, nor fhall any fum or fums of money whatloever be railed for or paid unto fuch colleftor or colleftors, for col-lefting any fuch money ; and that from thenceforth all direft ions, powers, and authorities given for thofc refpeftive purpofe* to faid church-warden* or their colleftors, by any

Digitized by Google

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

a<!l or afts of parliament heretofore paffed in this kingdom* fhall determine and utterly ceafe ; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid grand jury of the faid county of the faid city of Dublin, at any of the term*, to prefent and appoint four or more proper and fufficient perfons to collet the money prefented to be raifed upon and within the county of the faid city, by the fcveral term and quartet’ feflions grand juries therein ; and to fpecify the fcVeral pa? riflies in which fuqh colledlors are to a6t refpeftively, and which collectors are to be refpeCtively removeable, and new ones appointed removeable as aforefaid, by the fame or any future term grand jury, at their will and pleafure, and by prefentment as aforefaid; but it fhall not be lawful for the tfeafurer of the publick. money of the faid cit^, to delivef any warrant to empower fuch perfpn to collet, until he fhall have entered into one or more recognizances, according to the number of parifhes, the publick money of which fuch perfon (Hall be appointed to collect, that is to fay, one recognizance for each parifh, which recognizances fhall be entered into before the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, or his Locum Tenens for the time being, who is hereby authorized and empowered to take the fame; and which recognizances are to be acknowledged to the treafurer of the publick mo-' ney of the faid city, and to his fucceflors, tre$furers of the publick money of faid city ; faid collector to be bound in five hundred pounds, and two fufficient fecurities, to be approved of by the grand jury, in two hundred and fifty pounds each. Conditioned that he will, to the utmoft of his power, colIeCt the publick money prefented to be levied, and do every thing that by this adt collectors arc required to do, and that he will from time to time account with, and pay to the treafurer of the publick money of the county of the faid city, as required by this aCt, all fuch fums as he fhall collect of the publick money ; and that he will, four days at the leaft before the efToin day of each Ealler and Michaelmas term (if not prevented by ficknefs) clofe the account of his warrant, and *that he will then deliver to the treafurer the warraut, and all the original applotments, together with*a lift of the defaulters of that warrant, and an account verified by* affidavit, fworn beforl one of the magif-trates of the county of the faid city, of all the fums he received under fuch warrant, and alfo of all the fums he had received on account of arrears remaining unpaid of any former warrants, diftinguifhing the fums by him received On account of each refpeCtive parifh, and that after the treafurer fhall have given credit to him in the account for fuch arrears, and for all fums that he fhall have from time to time paid on account of that warrant, or of any ar-L .	,	rears

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

rears of any former warrant which he may have colledrd in purfuance of this aft, he will then pay to the trea-furer the ballance ; and every fuch recognizance (hall be de-pofited in the town clerks office of the faid city, there to he Jtept amongit the records of the faid city; provided always, that no perfon ading as collcdor under this (hall be eligible as a grand juror.

VIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, dt£n<7 Tta1 if any collcdor (hall demand or receive from any per-cd to retort ’ fon, any fum of money under the colour of fuch warrant or warrant, he warrants, after the day he is direded to return it, or them, (haU be render- to the treafurer, and (hall be convided thereof upon indid-•ndTllcx^C’ ment in the court of King’s bench or cornmiffion of oyer ycar'k injpti-	and terminer, he (hall be rendered incapable of being a col-

tonment.	ledor for ever after, and (hall fuffer imprifonment in the

gaol belonging to the faid city, for any time not exceeding one year.

Grand jury IX. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That kwful f°r the grand jury, at every Eafter and tor, pi ovided he Michaelmas term, to prefent as wages for each colledor, has performed any fum not exceeding one (hilling for every pound, that it at directed. (hall appear by the certificate of the treafurer, that fuch collcdor had colleded and paid to the faid treafurer ff ce the lafl prefenting term ; provided that if any colledor (hall appear to the grand jury to have negleded llridly to perform all and every thing that by this ad the colledorS are direded to do, then and in that cafe it (hall no; be lawful for the faid .grand jury to prefent any fum or wages for fuch colledor, for having colleded and paid in any part of the amount of that warrant, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithllanding,

Ifcolleflor X. And provided always. That if any colledor (hall hap* dic», ahfeond#, pen to die, abfeond, become bankrupt or infolvent, or by Tent^oTincapa- anT accident be rendered incapable of colleding and ac-bk of collecting, counting with the treafurer for thp amount of the warrant fureciet to Hand delivered to him, the furcties for fuch colledor (hall be in his place. deemed to (land in the place of fuch collector, fo far as to complete the colleding and accounting with the treafurer for the amount of the warrant originally delivered to fuch colledor or his furelies ; and every fuch colledor or his fureties, as the cafe may be, are and (hall be empower^ by writing under their hand and feal, to appoint one or more perfons to aflift and colled as deputy colledor, for whom they (hall be accounfable ; provided thfit it (hall aud may be lawful for any collcdor or any deputy, or aflifting conftable, to take any diftrefs w ithout (hewing, if demanded, the warrant of the treafurer, and the appiotment made purfujint to this ad.

XI.	And

A. D

1795-Chap. 5 6,

If eo)le&or

The thirty-third Tear of George III;	7ft

XI.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That A. D. the feveral conftables of the faid parifhes refpeCtively, are *793* hereby required to aid and affift fuch perfon or perfoas in Chap 56L collecting the money fo to be applotted; and in cafe any fuch conftable, on being thereto required, fhall refufe to aid	VJJa

the perfon or perfons fo appointed to colleCt the faid money, every fuch conltable fo refufing, (hall, upon con vision by naity ioU the oath of two credible witneffes, before any two juft ices of the peace of the county of the>city of Dublin, forfeit for every fuch offence, a fura not exceeding ten pounds, to be levied, together with the charges incurred in fuch prefecu-tion, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender, by the warrant of any two fuch juft ices of the peace of the county of the city of Dublin aforefaid; one moiety whereof fhall be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifh in which fuch offence fhall have been committed.

XII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afore-

faid, That if any conftable or fub-conftable, or other perfon whcTnegkafor

appointed to aCt as fuch, in any of the parifhes in the faid 10 daystobe

city, who fhall be eleCted in the ufual manner, at any veftry fworn in, for-

to be held in any parifh in the faid county of the city of fcit ,0*"

Dublin, in manner accuflomed, and who fhall within ten

days after fuch election, negledl or refufe to have himfelf

fwom in as by law eftablifhed, fuch conftable, fub-conftable,

or other perfon appointed to ad as fuch, fhall forfeit for

eveiy fuch offence the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered,

levied, and applied in manner aforefaid.

XIII.	And be it further enaCted, That within ten day3 Chnrthwtr-after the feveral church-wardens of the faid refpe6live pa-

rifhes in the laid city, fhall have delivered to the faid trea- W furer, notice in writing of the refpeClive fums applotted by them on their refpeCtive parifhes, and alfo a copy of the ap-plotment fo made by them on the feveral inhabitants of the faid parifhes, the faid lord mayor fhall, at the inftance of the faid treafurer, iffue his warrants, in manner herein after directed, to the feveral collectors, to be appointed in purfu-•nee of this aCt; which warrant or warrants fhall continue in full force until the whole of the fum or films therein mentioned (hall have been collected, and fhall fet forth the fums applotted on the refpeCtive parifhes ; and any uncollected arrears of the laft or any former warrant or warrants, which arrears, if any, the faid church-wardens are hereby empowered to re applot, and the faid collectors to levy and colle&, and alfo the original applotments or copies thereof, as returned by the feveral church-wardens ; and every fuch collector to whom fuch warrant or warrants fhall be delivered, flail, immediately after the fame fhall have been delivered to

_

_ „jitized by

Google

!5W5B

Collcflors to jfay money received to treafurer ohcc a B'ooth, croften-cr if required, penalty 5ol to blue-coat-hof-

piuL

Colle&ort may levy hy dif-trefs and Idle.

The thirty-third Tear of George til.

him or them as herein direded, proceed to levy and collet, and fhall immediately levy and colled the fums mentioned in fuch warrants or warrant, of and from the inhabitants of the refpedive parifhes mentioned in fuch applotments.

XIV.	And it is nlfo further cnaded, That every fuch collector, (hall, on the fecond Saturday in every month, or pn the Friday befoie, in cafe fuch Saturday (hall be a bank holiday, or ofrener, if thereto required by the treafurer, between the hours of ten and twelve o’clock of faid day, during the time that fuch warrant (hall continue in his pofieffioa, pay to the treafuter all fuch fum and fums of money as he fhall have received by virtue of his office of colledor, and the faid treafurer is hereby required to give his receipt in writing to fuch collector for fuch fums; and if fuch colledor or colle&ors fhall omit or refufe to comply therewith, he or his furetics fhall for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds fterling, to be recovered in a fummary way, on complaint to the court of. King’s bench, and to be paid to the blue-coat-hofpital, a3 herein before mentioned. *

XV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all perfons empowered hereby to levy and colled publick money in the county of the faid city, fhall and may be empowered by the warrant herein after direded, by diftrefs and fale the goods and chattels of all fuch perfons who fhall refufe to pay their proportion thereof, to levy the fame, and after the fale of fuch diftrefs to retain the money which the laid perfons ought to pay, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, after deduding twelve pence in the pound for their trouble in levying the Lame.

XVI.	.And be it further enaded, That the warrant to be iffued by the faid lord-mayor for the purpofes afoiefaid, fhall be of the import following, tha$ is to fay;

Form of war- Whereas it hath appeared to that a fum of rant to be iffued pounds hath been affeffed and applotted in veflry, by the parifty-by lord mayor, ioners of the parifty of (a) to be raifed off the folvent inbabi* Sants of the faid pari/h, purfuant to preferment, and that

hath or have been appointed by the grand jury of the county of the faid city, a colledor or collectors for the levying the faidfum% this is therefore to authorize and emp&uxr the faid	to colled and levy the faidfum%

by diftrefs or otherwife9 off the folvent inhabitants of the fmd partfby purfuant to ad of parliament. Given under my hand and feal9 this	Day	of

Great afrrafr XVII. And whereas great arrears have become due by dac, &c«	feveral	of	the	parifhes	in	the faid city, which if not provided

for, the treafurer cannot have fufficient money to pay the

overfeers

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

^▼erfeers who have been appointed to execute the publick works, and great -difficulty has occurred in collecting the money formerly applotted in feveral of the faid parifhes* and many of the perfon& who (hould have paid the fame are dead; and if tire faid arrears (hall not be collefted off the city at large, the publick creditors cannot be paid ; and ' the faid ar^ear now amounts to the fum of one thoufaud four hundred and fifteen pounds, fixteen (hillings and feven pence three farthings; be it enafted by the authority afore-laid, That it fhall be lawful for the grand jury at Eatter or Michaelmas term, after the puffing of this aft, to prcfent the faid fum of one thoufaod four hundred and fifteen pounds fix teen (hillings and feven pence.three farthings, being the amount of the arrears due by the faid feveral pari (lies prior to the warrants which iffued in the month of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, to be levied off the refpeft ive parifiies fo in arrear; the faid fum to be in foil dilcharg^ of any arrears due by any of the parifhes within the county of the faid city, up to and prior to the warrant which iffued in the faid month of March, one thon-fand feven hundred and ninety-two.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That faid colle&on} to be appointed in purfuance of this aft, (hall, before tlk: ■ext preferring term after their appointment, proceed to levy and colkft, aod (hall, as far as (hall be in their power, levy and colleft from the inhabitants gf the feveral parifhes within the faid city, the amount of the warrant which iffued in the month of March, one thoufaid feven hundred and ninety-two, and of all warrants which (hall have iffued fub-fequent thereto, and to pay the fame over to the treafurer in manner herein before direfted ; and if the faid cofleftors' lhall omit or refufe to comply herewith to the utmofl of their ability, it (hall be lawful for the King’s bench to fine them, wr any of them, in any fum not exceeding fifty pounds, to be applied in manner herein before direfted.

XIX.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefafd. That it (hall be lawful for the feveral term grand juries to be fvvorn at the King’s bench, after the palling of this aft, as often as they (hall fee neceffary, to ilFue (ummonfes to the feve-

.ral church-wardens of any of the parifhes in whofe hands it (hall appear that any of the publick money, raifed off any part of the faid city, (hall have remained unaccounted for or unpaid ; and to call fuch church-warden or church-wardens to account for fuch publick money fo by them received; and it (hall be lawful for the faid grand juries to fummon all fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall think neceffary, and to examine them upon oath touching the receipt and payment of fuch pqblick money; and if the faid church-warden or

church-

Colle&ors tm be appointed fhall proceed to levy occ. before next presenting ] term, amount \ of warrant idled in March, 1792, as herein.

Term grand juries may caH church wardens to account for publick money.

Digitized by

Google

Tht thbrty-third Tear of George III.

church-wardens, or any of them, fhall omit or tefufe to a* tend the faid grand jury or grand juries upon due notice given, not lefs than twenty-four hours, and to account for and pay orer all fuch fum and fums of money as (hall hare been received by them on account of the publick money in their rcfpe&ive pariihes, it (hall be lawful for the juilices of the King’s bench to fine them in any fum not exceeding one hundred pounds ; and if any fuch perfon or perfons who ftall be fummoned in like manner before the faid grand jury or grand juries, to give evidence as to the receipt and payment of luch publick money, (hall omit or refufe to attend for that purpofe, it (hall be lawful for the judges of the King’s bench to fine them in any fum not exceeding fifty pounds j fuch feveral fines to be recovered by diftrefs or fale of the goods and chattels of fuch church-warden or churchwardens, perfon or perfons, and when recovered, to go to and be applied to the blue-coat-hofpital.

Trtafursr to XX. And be it ena&ed by the authority afdrefaid, That eountfUto the*1" ^ trca^urcr at e¥CI7 term, make up his accounts effoiue fey of *P°n to cff°'nc of each term, of all receipts each term, and and payments of the publick money fo received and paid by lay fame and him, and (hall return and lay the faid account fairly written, affidavit of the faid treafurer at the foot thereof, y taken before one of the judges (or in open court} of the laid court of King’s bench, without fee, verifying the truth of fuch accounts* on the firft day of every term, before the grand jury of the faid city, to be viewed, allowed, or dif-approved of by the faid grand jury; and the faid grand jury (hall caufe the fame to be entered in the book of the county of the faid city, with fuch observations as they (haQ think fit; and for wilful default of fuch return, it (hall and may be lawful for the judges of the faid court of King’s bench, to fine filch treafurer in any fum not exceeding the fum of one hundred pounds; faid fine to go and be applied in the manner herein before dire&ed refpe&ing any fine te be impofed as aforefaid.	f

Is (hits for XXI. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-say thing under faid, That if any a&ion or fuit (hall be commenced againfi *ny Perfon or perfon. for a....................................................

fenfent may plead the g( raliffuo.

# ,	4	any	thing	done	in	purfuance of

k this a6t, the defendant or defendants in fuch actions or fuit . may plead the general iffue, and give this a & and the fpe-dal matter in evidence ; and if a verdid fhall be found for fuch defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff in fuch action or fuit fhall be non-fuited* or difeontinue his a&bn, or if by default, or on demurrer, final judgment fhall be given for the defendant or defendants in fuch a&ion or fuit; then and in any of the cafes aforefaid, fuch defendant or defendants fhall have double cods, with fuch remedy for recovering



Digitized by

Google

The thirty• third Tear ef X3eorge III.	785

Covering the fame/ as any defendant or defendants may have A. D. for his or their coils in any other action or fuit.	*793'*

XXII.	Provided always, That nothing in this a£t con* Chap. 56.

taincd, (hall extend, or be conftrued to cxtCTid to controul	-----

or prohibit the grand juries for the county St the faid city Not to pre-from prefenting, or the judges of the court of King’s bench

in term time, and the juftices at their quarter fclhons, from from being con-confirming fuch prefentment of church-wardcns, conftables, firmed, for or other perfons for not collecting, or for not paying in moneyhcreto-the pnblick money by them collc&ed, which by law they ^ ,^t^ollea-have been heretofore enabled to do, and by conitant ufage ej> or ,10t paid have exercifed.	in.

XXIII.	And whereas the treafurer of the county of the TreaAircrof faid city of Dublin, is at great trouble in receiving and COunty of city i* paying in the pubiick money appointed to be railed for the at great trouble county of the faid city, and alfo in making out warrants in

for the feveral colledtors and conitables in the feveral pari flies	c*

in the faid city, in dating the pubiick accounts and applot- > ing the pubiick money: And whereas it is neceflary that a fecretary (houldbe appointed to the term and feflion grand juries, the faid fecretary to be appointed by the grand jury, at next Michaelmas term ; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the pafivig of this a&, tne grand juries of the terms of Eafler and Michaelmas, at the King’s bench, (hall and may prefent in the ufual manner any fum not exceeding two hundred pounds a year falary, for the treafurer of the faid county of the city for the time being jf and alfo fifty pounds a year as a falary for the fecretary to the faid grand jnries, to be appointed as aforefaid ; the faid fums to be in lieu and inftead of all fums to be prefented for the treafurer and fecretary of the grand jury : provided that it (hall be lawful for the faid gmnd juries at all times to prefent any fum or fums which it fiiall appear by affidavit of the fecretary, that he has really and Inna fiJe expended of his own proper money, or that have been real-' ly and bona fide incurred in the profecution of fuits for nui- „ lances or recovering pubiick money, fuch fuits having been commenced and carried on by the dire&ion of the term and feffion grand juries.

XXIV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Treafurer to

That every treafurer of the pubiick money of the county of	iVtland

the city of Dublin, (hall, from time to time pay to the ca-

fhier of the bank of Ireland for the time being, all fuch pub-lick money which he fiiall have fo received, and for every fuch payment, the faid cafiiier (hall fign and give receipts to fuch treafurer for the fum fo paid, purporting that fuch fum fo paid, is for Ibe ufe of the county of the city of Dublin; and if fuch treafurer (hall at any time retain in his Vol. IX.	3	D	'	hands.

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

Bands, of the faid publick money fo to be received by himr the lam of one hundred pounds, longer than two days, the faid bank being within that time open to receive the famcr then and fo o^en the faid treafurer fhall forfeit and pay a* an addition to the publick money of faid county ten (hillings for every day he fhall retain the faid fum of one hundred pounds or upwards beyond the faid two days; and the faid treafurer fhall, from time to time, draw drafts on the governor and company of the bank of Ireland* in favour of the perfon or perfons entitled to receive publick money for a prefentment; provided every fuch draft fhall alfo be figo-cd by the foreman of the term or feffions grand jury at which the prefentment fhall be ordered to be paid ; and the cafhier of the bank of Ireland, fhall, and is hereby required to pay from time to time, any drafts of the faid trea-furcr and foreman, not exceeding the amount of the balance of the faid publick money, which at the time of fuch draft* being prefented to him for payment, fhall be in the faid bank; aud the proper officer or clerk of the Bank of Ireland, fhall, and is hereby tequired to give on demand on the efloine day of each and every term, to the faid treafurer, an account figned by the faid officer, dating the balance in the faid bank of the faid publick money, on the VfToioc day of the preceding term *; and alfo the date and amount of e3ch fuch fubfequent payment made to the faid bank, and of each payment by him paid on the drafts of the faid treafurer and foreman.

XXV.	And be ft further enafted by the authority afort-faid, That every colle&or, or perfon a&ing as or for a collector, (hall, four days previous to the efToine day of every Eader and Michaelmas term, fully and fairly make up hi* accounts of hi* receipt* and payments, and of fuch neceffary difburfements as he fhall make, (if any,) and fhall, at the time aforefaid, lodge fuch account figped by him with the treafurer, together wftli the original applotments, or attefted copies of the applotments delivered unto him as aforefaid, together with the affidavit herein before mentioned.

XXVI.	Provided nevefthelefs, That if any grand jury fworn at any of the terms, fhall fee caufe for fo doing, it

count whe^they	an(* may *>e lawful for fuch grand jury at any time,

ieetaufe.	upon	written	notice, figned by their foreman or fecretary,

to require frtch collcflor or perfon a&ing as or for coUedor to appear before them upon any day hi fuch notice fpecified, not lefs than twenty-four hours after fervice of fuch notice, and then and there to account in manner aforefaid, and to deliver up, or produce his books, and his faid applotmenu or attefled copies thereof, and that fuch grand juries ftiafl fcave power to examine fuch perfon upon oath, and which

oath

Collegers to lodge their accounts with the treasurer.

Grand jury may caufe collectors to ao

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1793-Chap 56.

The thirty-third Tear of George III.	787

oath their foreman is hereby empowered to adminifter con* A. D. cerning the truth and fullnefs of fuch accounts, or any omif-fiou in his colic6ling the money given him in charge ; and if any fuch perfon (hall refufe accounting in manner or at any of the times aforefaid, he (hall forfeit any fum not exceeding one hundred pounds, to be recovered in a fummary -way, by complaint upon oath before the faid court of King's bench, and to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the offender, under the procefs of fuch court, and to be applied to the blue-coat-hofpital in manner aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch accounts (hall be found to be falfe, materially defe&ive, or in any fort fraudulent, fych term grand jury (hall and may difeharge and fuperfede fuch collector, and in iimilar cafes upon complaint of the treafurer verified by affidavit, the faid mayor of the faid city of Dublin, in time of vacation, may fufpend fuch colle&or or per-fon a&ing as or for a collector, until the firft fitting day of the next term, or until any certain day, not exceeding the ■eighth day after the beginning of fuch term, and the then term grand jury (hall examine upon oath, which oath their foreman is hereby authorized to adminifter, into the matter, and thereon utterly remove fuch perfon, or annul his fuf-penfion, as they (hall fee fitting; and if any collector ot .perfon afling as or for a collector, (hall refufe accounting, and rendering up applotments as aforefaid, he (hall over and above the faid penalty of one hundred pounds, be for ever hereafter utterly difqualified from acting as a collector or deputy collector, for, or with refpect unto all or any of the faid publick money of the county of the city of Dublin.

XXVII.	And whereas a fire or fires, or other unforefeen accidents may happen in the gaols or publick prifons of faid city in the time of vacation, and in fuch cafe it may be ne-ceflary to make ufe of the publick money to repair fuch gaols or building, before any prefenting grand jury at the terms can afiemble to make provifion for the fame ; be it cua&ed, That in cafe at any time after pafling of this acl, In cafes of scan y fire or other unforefeen accident fiiould happen in any of ciderit in gaol#, the gaols or publick prifons within the cognizance of this a6f, it (hall and may be lawful for the grand jury of the fent for*repairs,' quarter feflions of the city of Dublin, for the time being, a*h;rein. to caufe an eftimate and valuation to be made of the fum ue-ceffary to be expended on the repair and prefervat*on of fuch gaol or building ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid fefiions grand jury to make prefentments for fuch fumsas may be neceiiary to complete fuch repair ; and which fums the faid treafurer is hereby required to pay, provided he has a fufficient fund in his hands for that purpofe, and 3 D 2	provided

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

provided fuch prefentment (hall be confirmed by the j office* at (aid quarter feffions ; the Came to be collected and paid as other money is to be prefented, colie died and paid tinder this a&

XXVIII.	And whereas great inconvenience has arifen, and may arife to the pubfick, from the jurifdiftions and powers of the grand juries, fworn at the terms and quarter fefliona, not being Aifficiently afeertained and rendered dik

Scflions grand tindl; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, jury not to pre- That from and after the palling of this a&, it (hall not be f°r an7 grand jury to be impanelled at any quarter (eflions of the peace for the county of the laid city, to present any fura or fums of money whatfoever, to be railed off the inhabitants of the faid city, favc and except in the fob lowing cafes and balances, that is to (ay, for budding and repairing feffions houfe, for carrying and conveying prifoners to and from trial, for cryer and fervants of feffions court and grand jury, for gaoler, deputy-gaoler* and turnkey, for forgeon, for examining health of prifoners, for repair, pr&* fervalion, and neceflaries for,the gaol, (bread and apothecary’s bill excepted.)

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrs-faid. That the repeal aforefeid, of the faid a& of the tweiv ty-fixth of George the third, lhall in^no wife alter, prejudice* impeach, or affedl the rights or claims of the clerks of the peace of the county of the city of Dublin, to any Aim or Aims of money heretofore presented to them by the fcfSoni

Snd jury, but that the feveral fums of money which the 1 fcilions grand juries were thereby authorized and en&* powered to prefent, and heretofore prefented for them is lieu of their fees, and for drawing and entering prefentment*, and attending grand juries, and for preventing publick nub fances, and the Aim heretofore prefented to them for fum» moning profecutors, (hall be continued to them in like mao* ner as if the faid a& of twenty-fixth of George the third had not been repealed, and as if this a& had not l^een made, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwitb-Handing.

XXX.	And for the better regulating preferments for the faid county of the faid city of Dublin, be it ena&ed by ibc No money to authority aforefaid, That no fum of money lhall be railed at the court of king’s bench for the repairing of anyroad, ub-lefs an affidavit fworn by two credible perfons, who can read and write, before any one of the judges of the king’s bench* or before any two of the juft ices of the peace of the Aud county of the faid city, in the following form be fnritiaid before the grand jury, and which affidavit lhall be delivered

to

Repeal of kid ma 1b G. 3. as herein.

be raifed but on affidavit of 2 pet font, who can read, &c,

Digitized by

Google.

The thirty-third Tear of George III. .	789

to the fecretary of the grand jury, at lead four d&y9 before A. D. the elTc ijic day of each prefenting term,	1793*

Chap. 56.

Counts rf the City \	of	------

of Dublin , to <zuit, 5	and	of	J?fTTi}

do /wear that they have lately tkeafured av‘t’ pen hi s of the road from J6	bet	~x	ten	atd '

all in the county of the ftid city, and that it will require the fwn of	pounds, effe&ually to repair the faid

perches with gravel or font, being at the rate of	by	the	perch, which they

verity believe is the leajl the faid	* perches can

be effectually repaired for*

XXXI.	Provided always* That no part of the money fo Treafurer not presented, (hall be paid on account of any preferment for to pay, until the repair of any road, by the treafurer of the county of the faid city, until the affidavit of one of the overfeers, who can flowed, read and write, appointed by the grand jury, fwom before one of the judges of the king’s bench, or before two juflices of the peace for the county of the faid city, in the following ’ import, (hall be allowed by the grand jury, and by the judges of the faid court, and by the jullices of the quarter feffions to be held for the county of the faid city.

in the toerfeert forJhc county a Vlt"

County of the city of > Whereas the fuvh of Dublin, to wit*, J was prefented at y ear of

of the faid eky9 to be expended m repairing	perches

of the road from 4	to	%

between	and	being	at	the

rate of	by	the	perch.	And	whereas

and	were	appointed	overfeers	of	the	fame.

Now /	of	do fwear9 that	I

have expended faithfully and host fly the fum 0 f in repairing ejfedually with gravel or fortes

* perches of the faid road ;i and that eVery part of the faid	perches is twenty-

one feet wide in the clear, within the ditches, drains or fences, and is fixteen feet wide, with gravel or fanes*

fitoept where the road prefented to be repaired is enclofed (Exccption.jr with walls built with lime and ftones or bricks, or with dwelling houfes of twenty feet in length, and fourteen feet in breadth in the clear, and is not twenty-one feet wide between the feme, in which cafe, indead of the worJs,/we«/y-im feet wide in the clear within the ditches, drains or fences,

(hall

Digitized by L^ooQle

The thirty~tbird Tear of George III.

(hall be inferted the words, enclofed on both Jsdes with walls built with lime and Jlones, or bricks, Jive feet high, Qr with dwelling houfts twenty feet in lengthy and fourteen feet in breadth in the dear.

XXXIi. And whereas confidering the number of carriages that frequent the roads in the county of the city afore-faid, they require to be conftantly attended to; be it fur-ther enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be laivful for the grand jury of the faid city of Dublin, every term, to appoint for ^ time not exceeding one year, any overfeer or overfeers to keep in repair, and free from nuifanccs any number of perches of auy road or foot-way, not exceeding fix hundred perches for each overfeer, and alfo to prefent,, at any term, any fum or fum9 of money, not exceeding in the whole for fuch fix hundred perches of fuch road, the fum of two (hillings by the perch, and not exceeding in the whole fpi fuch fix hundred perches of fucb footway the fum of fixpence by the perch, which (hall appear by affidavit to the grand jury, and to the court of King's-bench, to have been expended in keeping in repair any fuch road or foot-way, or in removing nuifances upon any part of fuch fix hundred pcrche3.	.

XXXIII.	And whereas the line of divifion between the I county of Publin, and county of the city of Dublin, does

Lin*ofdivi- rtln a*ong the middle of fcveral roads near Dublin; be it fion between cna£ted> That in fuch cafes it (hall and may be lawful for , county and thefeveial grand juries of the county of Dublin, and county county of city, of. the city of Dublin, at the terms refpe&ively, to appoint as herein. fuch ovej-fcer or overfeers, with the like powers to keep in

repair, and free from nuifanccs their refpeftiye Tides of | fifc hundred perches of fuch roads and foot-way, andto charge and prefent their feveral moieties of the fums aforefaid upon their refpe&ive counties, the fame to. be expended and accounted for as aforefaid.

No prefent* XXXIV, Provided alfo, That no monty (hall be fo pre-road but ^cntec^ ^or the* widening of any publick road, unlefsonaffi-on^affidavit! ° davit fworn by two credible perfons, who cau read and write, before one of the judges of the Kiug’s bench, or before two jufiices of the peace for the county of the faid city, of the following import, be firfl laid before the grand jury. *	;

Form of County of the City 1	of	tod

affidavit.,	of Dubliny to wit. J	of	M

fweary that they have lately meafured perches of the road from	between

and	all	in the county of the faid city, and that

*

Term grand jury may appoint overfeers lo roads.

The thirty third Tear of George I IT.	791

m part of the faid	perches	is	twenty	one	feet	A. D-

muide in the clear of ditches, drains and fences, or enclofed on 1793 * both Jides with a wall built with lime andJlones, or bricks, Jive Chap. fret high, or dwelling houfes of twenty feet in length, and four-teen feet in breadth in the clear, and that it will require the fum of	pounds	to widen thefaid

perches to the breadth of	in the clear, and to

make fences inf cad of thofe that Jhall betaken down and defray-ed in order to widen the fame, and that the fame is a reafonable charge, and is the leaf that the faid work tan be effectually done for.

And that no money (hall be paid by the treasurer of the Treafurer faid city on account of fuch presentment, unlefs on affidavit how to a&. of cne of the overfters, who can read and write, fworn before one of the judges of the King’s bench, or two justices of the peace for the faid city, of the following import,

(hall be allowed by the grand jury and court of King’s bench.

'County of the city 1 Whereas the fum of of Dublin, to wit. > was prefented by the grand jury of the faid county of the city at	in the year

to be expended in widening perches of the road from	to

between	and	all in the faid

county of the city.

Sind whereas	and	were	appointed

overfeers of the fame, now I	of

-do fivear, that I have faithfully and honejlly expended the fum of	.	in widening	perches	of faid

road, and that every part thereof is	feet	wide in

the clear, of ditches, drains, or fencer, to the bejl of my judgment and belief, and that new fences are made inf end of thofe thot have been taken do<ujn or defrayed, in order to widen the

Overfcer**

affidavit.

XXX V. And-be it further ena&edby the authority afore- Grand jury faid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the grand jury of pr^rDfor *he county of the faid city, at the King’s bench every year, ^Vifl/gaol^ to prefent fuch fum of money as they (hall think neceflary work-ho life’, to be raifed upon the county of the faid city at large, to &c &c* be expended in building flieriffc gaol for debtors, work-houfe, houfe of corredbon, bridge or wati neceffary to the fupport of any road in the county of the faid city ; and that it ihali be lawful for the faid grand jury of the King’s bench, to prefent that fuch' fum or fums of money as they think pcceflary, (hall be raifed upon faid county of the city at

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

large, to be expended in re-building, enlarging, or repairing any gaol, (heriffs gaol for debtors, work-houfe, or houfe of corre&ion, or for widening, repairing, or re-building of any bridge, or part of a bridge, or any gullet or pipe under any road or wall, or part of a wall, necefiary to the fupport of any road, or for making any new road, or widening any old road in the faid county of the city, or for gravelling or tilling over any fuch bridge, gullet, or pipe ; provided that no money fhall be fo .prefented for any of the above mentioned works, unlefs it (ball appear by the affidavit of two credible perfons who can read and write, fwom before any of the judges of the King's bench, or before any two of the juftices of the peace of faid county, that the fum therein required is a reasonable charge, and that the work is necef-fary, and cannot be effe&ually executed for a fmaller fum, to the bed of' their judgment: and provided that if the affidavit (hall be for building a gaol, (heriffs gaol for deb* tors, work-houfe, or houfe of corrc&ion, or for widening, repairing, or building of any bridge, or building an old one, that then and in fuch cafe a plan and eftimate of the work (hall be annexed to fuch affidavit, in which the following words (hall be alfo inforted after the words, (/mailer fumj,) according to the plan and ejlimate hereunto annexed; and that no presentment for any new bridge, except it is to be built in the room of an old one, (hall be confirmed by any judge of the King’s bench, unlefs it (hall appear to fuch judge that an affidavit and eftimate for fuch new bridge had been laid before the grand jury of the faid county of the city, at the laft term, and (hall be certified by the foreman of fuch grand jury, that the fame had been laid and read before fuch grandjuryjbut this (hall not extend to new bridges prefented inllead of old ones, which were carried away or deftroyed, or may require to be built; but that the whole fum of money, or any pait thereof, fave as herein mentioned, fo prefented for fuch work, (hall not be paid by the treafurer of the county of the faid city, on account of any fuch pre-fentment, until it fhall appear to the grand juries, and to the court of King's bench Tefpedtively, by the affidavit of one of the overfeers appointed for fuch work, who can read and write, fwom before one of the judges of the King's bench, or any two of the juilices of the peace for the faid county of the city, that the faid fum fo accounted for hath been faithfully and honeftly expended in execution of the work for which fuch money was granted by fuch prefent-ment, to the beft of his (kill and judgment, and until the faid account had been allowed by the grapd jury, and by the court of King's bench ; and where any preientment exceeding one hundred pounds (hall be granted m purfuance of this 2	'	r	>	ad,

Where Te-

Tht thirty-third Year of George III;

for the building, re-building, or repairing of the feffi-ons-lioufe, the gaol, (heriffs gaol for debtors, work-houfe, or houfe of correction, or for widening, repairing, or rebuilding of any bridge, in fuch cafe the court of King’s bench are hereby empowered to order fuch part of any inch pre-fentment to be paid by the treafurer to the overfeers, as (hall be fworn to have been expended by him, on his affidavit being allowed by the grand jury, fetting forth, that as much ©f the work is done according to the prefentment, as amounts to the fum required, which fum is hereby limited not to exceed ^wd-thirds of the prefentment, provided thafc£he over-leers give fecurity before the court of King’s bench to finifh the work purfuant to the prefentment.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore fa id, That it (hall not be lawful for the grand jnry of Pa,r*> a.rc the faid county of the faid city,' at the King’s bench, to oTcit^and prefent; more than half the fum that (hall appear to them by county.ouly half the affidavit of one or more credible perfons, fworn before a to bepsefented judge ot the King’s bench, or before any of the juftices of grand jury, the peace, for the county of the faid city, to be neceflary for the widening, building, rebuilding, or repairing any bridge, gullet, or pip., or for the filjjng or gravelling over the fame, which are the boundary of the county of the faid city and the county of Dublin ; and that no money (hall be paid by the treafurer of faid city on account of fuch prefentment, unlefs it (hall alfo appear to the grand jury and court of King’s bench that an equal fum or proportional one, as the cafe may happen, hath been prefented to be raifed fdr faid work on faid county of Dublin ; and that the lord mayor of the (aid city of Dublin for the time being, or any juft ice of Jie peace of rhe faid county of the faid city, may, under his hand and feal, order any fum not exceeding five pounds, to be expended in widening or repairing any bridge, fewer, feffions-houfc, houfe of corre&ion, ot- gaol, within the county of the (aid city, which may be fuddcnly damaged, and which ought to be repaired by (aid county of the city, provided it fhaH appear to him or them, by the affidavit of one or more credible perfons, who can read and write, that the repair of fuch bridge, fewer, feffions-houfe, houfe of corre&ion, or gaol, cannot be delayed to the next term, without prejudice to the connty of the hid city, as they verily believe; which affidavit the faid lord mayor or jufitce of peace, is hereby empowered to take, and the faid lord mayor or fuch juftiee may alfo appoint proper overfeers to repair the fame; and the grand jury of the county of the faid city, at the next term,	,

are hereby required to raife by prefentment,, the fums fo expended in repairing any fuch bridge, fewer, feflions-houfe,~ houfe of correction or gaol, upon the county of the faid city

at

at large, to be paid to the overfeer or overfeers fo appointed by fach lord mayor or juftice, upon' his or their producing to him fuch affidavit £8 is before mentioned, and fuch warrant under the hand and feal of the faid lord mayor or juftice, as alfo an affidavit fwom by one or more of the overfeers, liefore a judge of the King's bench, or before any of the juft ices of the peace for the faid county of the city, that be or they have faithfully and honeftly expended the fum fpecificd in faid affidavit, in repairing fuch bridge* fewer, fcflioQsdioiife, houfe of correftion, or gaol, and that tbc lord mayor of the city of Dublin for the time being, or any juftice of the peace, upon the affidavit of two fubftantial houfe holders, who can read and write, may in like manner order any fum of money not exceeding .the fum of forty (hillings, to be expended in repairing any hole, or bad ftep which may happen in any road by a fudden fall of rain, or other accident, and may appoint an overfeer to repair the fame ; and the grand jury of faid county of the £aid city, are hereby required to raife at the next term the fuou fo expended, on fuch overfeers performing fuch requisites as the above-mentioned overfeers of bridges are required to perform ; provided that no money (ball he paid by the treafurer to any overfeer appointed by any lord mayor or juflice cf the peace in manner aforefaid, unlcfs it (hall firft appear to the grand jury and court of King’s bench, by the affidavit of fuch lord mayor or juftice, that he viewed fuch bridge, road, fewer, feffions-houfe, houfe of correftion, or gaol before Jie gave any order for repairing the fame, and that the yepair thereof feemed to him neceflary to be made, and that he viewed the lame fincc it was repaired, and that the works

appeared to him to have been well executed, and the whol? of the money to have been honeftly expended.

XXXVII. ^Vnd whereas many of the roads within the limits of the county of the city of Dublin and liberties adjoining, are much too narrow for the fafety and convenience of the number of carnages and horfes which travel oa the fame, and the faid roads require to be made in a ftraight-er direftion, and a greater breadth ; and it will alfo be ne-ceflary for the convenience of the publtck to make new Grand juries crofs-roads within the coynty of the faid etty ; be it there-mayprefent forc ena&e(i by *he authority aforefaid. That from and a(-feet inDffie^lear ter P^10? d>is aft, it (hall and may be lawful for to be widened, the grand juries of the county of the faid city, to be fworn fee.	at the King’s-bench, in Eafter and Ijdichselmas term ip

every year, to prefent any part of any road leading to or from the faid city, within the limits of the county of the faid city, which Is not of the breadth of forty feet in the clear, within the ditches, drains, and fences, to be widen-

• 1 -	'	(id

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

79 S

•d to any breadth not exceeding eighty, nor lefs than fifty feet A. D. in the clear, within the ditches, drains, or fences, including 1793* the foot-path ; and to alter and make flraighter any'part of Chap. 56. any road within the county of the faid city; and alfo to prefent any new road or roads, to be laid out and made in the place of any old road, or parts of any old road leading from the faid city, through any part of the county of the fold city of Dublin ; and alfo any new road or new roads neceflary to be made from any tovyn to another, within the limits of the county of the faid city ; and alfo to prefent all and every fuch fum and fums of money as may appear neceflary to be raifed on faid county of the faid city, to be expended in widening fuch old roads, or making fuch new roads, and ror paying for new fences that have been or fh nil be made, imle. d of thofe taken down and deftroy-ed, and for paying the owner or occupier for land neceflary tq be purenakd for" widening any old road, or making any new road in the couui) of the faid city of Dublin.

XXXVIII.	A.id be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, Stones, 8cc Tliat where it (hall be neceflary to widen any old road, un- in old walltto derthibact, and drat nn\ part of fuch road (hall have been fold. -

fenced \v;th a Hone or brick wall, that the (tones or bricks in fuch old wall lhall be fold by the overfeers appointed for widening fuch road, and the amount thereof paid to the treafurer for the ufe of the publick.

XXXI. . Ancj be it er>a6ted, That where any difputes Difputesa-fhall arife relative to the value of the ground to be taken for bout value of making any new road, or widening any old road., the fame ground decided, ftiall be left to the decifion of five perfons, two to be named M herein, by the owner or occupier of the ground, two to be named by the overfeer or overfeers appointed for widening or making fuch road, and one by any neighbouring juftice of the peace for the county of the faid city, and that fuch award as the faid five perfons, or any three of them, fhall make in t|ic premifes, (hall be final and conclufive to all parties, and (hall be fufficient authority for the grand jury at the next Eafler and Michaelmas term, to prelenjt fuch fum as fhall be afeertained by fuch award for paying tor fuch ground, provided that fuch perfons making aw^rd fhall, before they enter upon the matter fo to them referred, make and fubferibe rcfpe&ivcly an affidavit in manner following :

/ A. B~do f wear, that I will faithfully, impartially* and ho- Valuator's nejlly, according to the hell of my frill and knowledge, make a jujl affidavit. qnd true valuation of the grounds and premifes referred to me to he valued\ for the widening or making (as the cafe may he) ^

•	)	■	perches

Digitized by v^ooQle

7*5

The thirty-third Tear of George IIL

A. D.

Affidavit to be annexed to ■wild.

O. juries may prefeat turns for recovering from treafurers, fee.

perches of the road leading from	to

without favour or affection^ prejudice or nuifice.

So help me God.

Which affidavit may be (Worn before any of the justices of the peace for the county of the city of Dublin, and (haH be annexed to the valuation or award fo to be made, and fhall be returned therewith to the grand jury, ami (hall be kept and preferred by them amongft their proceedings; and if any fuch perfon or perfons to be appointed to value fuch ground in purfuanoe of this aft, (hall ncgleft or rtfufe to attend at the time and place to be appointed by fuch orer-feers, provided they (hall have four day* notice t hereof itn writing, or to proceed to the valuation of foch ground, k fhall be lawful for any two juft ices of the peace to fine than *ny fam not exceeding fire pounds for every fuch offence, to be recovered by diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuch perfon, on the affidavit of one credible witneTs, fuch fin£ to be applied to the poor of fuch parifh ; and if the occupier of fuch ground (hall, upon fuch like notice given, negleft or refute to appoint valuators of fuch ground, in purfcance of this a ft, he or (he (hall forfeit fpr eyery fuch offence the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered as aforefaid; and in fuch cafes it (hall be alfo lawful for the overfeers of fuch road 16 proceed to execute fuch work, as if the faid valuation had been made with the content of fuch owner or occupier; and if any perfon fhall ob&ruft or hinder fuch overfeert from executing faid work, he or they (hall be liable to t penalty of five pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, before the recorder of the city of Dublin, at any quarter tedious of the peace, or adjournment thereof.

XL. And be it further efta&ed by tbe authority aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for the grand jury of the county of thd (aid city, at th€ Eafter and Michaelmas terms, in every year, by presentment, to raife on jhe county of the faid city, any fuch fum of money as they (hail judge neceffary for the recovering of publick money from the treafurers, coflrftors, or receivers thereof, their executors, adminHlrators, or fu-reties ; and alfo fuch font of money as (hall appear neceflary to profecute any fuit or fuits for the recovery of any fum ot' fums prefented under this aft, or for profecuting or defending any fuit whatever direfted by the grand juries, provided that it (hall appear to the gran<i jury and to the coOrt, by affidavit fworn before one of the judges of the King’s-bench, or in open coart, that fuch lum hath been faithfully expended, and that the biH of coft had been taxed by the' proper officer of the court in which fuch fuit or fuits (hall be carried on or defended.

XLI. And

The thirty-third Year of George III.

. XLI. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-(aid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the grand jury of the county of the faid city of Dublin, at the terms, to prefent a foot-path not exceeding ten feet in breadth, to be laid out on either fide of any road within the county of faid city, and to prefent to be raifed upori the (aid city, fuch	*°r	*°°t"

fum or fums of money as they (hall think neceffary for malo ** ing or repairing foot-paths with (tiles, or for building para~ pet walb to faid foot-paths, on any road in the county of the faid city aforefaid, 6r the liberties thereof, fubjed to fuch tfiethod of account as the prefentments for pubbek roads are by this ad fubjed unto; but that faid foot-paths (hall not pafs through any field or garden, enclofed by a wall five feet high at the lead, built with lime or (lone, on bricks, or through any l>oufes or offices built with lime and tone, or bricks, or through any dwelling-houfe of twenty feet in length, and fourteen feet in breadth in the c?ear, or through orchards of fix years growth, unlefa the confeat of the owner or occupier of the faid lands be fird obtained, and that whoever (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by (uch preferment* (hall be allowed to traverfe the fame, ia manner as ha6 been in this ad before fpecified and direded, with regard to the making of new roads.

XtH. And whereas a great number of banks and piers have been made and ereded by feveral per Tone, between Donnybrook-bridge, and Baal’s-bi idge, on the river Dodder* in the county of the faid city, which banks and piers have greatly narrowed the bed of the river, and changed its coiirle, and it is apprehended that the obllrudions given thereby to the courfe of the river may, and will injure the new bridge called BaaPs-bridge, lately built over the	*

faid river, and endanger its falling: and whereas great banks of gravel have been formed between Baal’s-bridgt and the north-end of Mr. Samuel Robinfon’s holding, and it may be neceffary for the fafety and prefervation of Baal's-bridge, and Ringfend-bridge, to purchafe land, and to build ftrong Hone walls, for the purpofe of widening the bed of the river, and giving it a ftraighter direction, be it therefore enadted by. the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and G. juries may may be lawful for the grand juries fworn at Eafter and Mi- prefent fuinsfor chaelmas term in every year, in the KingVbench, to pie- removing hank* fent on the county of the faid city, fuch fum anti fums of onllvcr er* money as may be neceffary to be expended in removing fuch , banks, piers, and gravel, as may dbftrud the free courfe of the faid river Dodder, between Donnybrook-bridge, BaalV bridge, ar.d the north end of Mr. Samuel Robiufon's holding adjoining the faid river, fubje& to fuch method of aseotynt, as the preferment* for publick roads are by this

a a

Chap.

G. juries may

The ihirty-ihird Tear oj George III.

aft liable to ; and if any perfon fhall obflru& or prevent the overfeer or overfccra, to be appointed, from removing foch banks piers, or gravel, or from widening the bed of the faid river as aforefaid, foch perfon (hall, upon conridioa, on the oath of one credible witnefs, before any one juftice of the peace for the county of the faid city, forfeit for every fuch offence, a fum not exceeding five pounds, to be levied with the expence of levying the fame, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender in the warraot of fuch juflice, fuch fine to be paid to the miititter or curate of fuch parifh for the ufe of the poor*

XLIII. And be it ena&ed, That if any horfe, bull, Bnftt feeding bullock, cow, fheep, goat, pig, mule, or afs, fhall, at any the road may be t*me a^tcr pafling of this att, be found feeding or fhay pounded, dec. ing on any part of the roads within the county of the (sk& city, it (hall be lawful for any perfoh to drive fuch ben ft, of whatever kind, to the next pound, and there to detain foch bead, until the owner or owners of the fame (hall pay a fine of two (hillings, to the perfon lb driving fuch bead to pound, fave and except any bead or beads pafling or re spading, sum! attended by a driver; and that if any perfon (hall drive of ride any horfe, bead, or cattle, on any fuch foot-paths fuch perfon (hall, upon convi&ion, by the oath of any one credible witnefs, before the faid lord mayor of the fold city, for the time being, or any one juft ice of the peace,

(fuch juflice within his jurifdi&ion) or upon the view of the faid lord mayor, or any one fuch juftice, for every fuch offence forfeit a fum not exceeding ten fhillings, to be levied by warrant, under the hand and feal of fuch lord mayor or juftice, by diftrefs and fale of the horfe, beaft, or cattle fo ridden or driven on fuch foot-path, or of the goods and chattels of the offenders one moiety of which fhall go to the informer, and the other to the faid lord mayor or juftice, towards keeping faid foot-path in re-. pair.

,0i	XLIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority

o^drivin^o?	aforefaid, That from	and after the palling of this aCl, all

the left bind	and every perfon and	perfons riding any beaft, or driving

fids,	any carriage, car, or	cart, on any road within the faid

county of the faid city of ^Dublin, (hall ride fuch beaft, and drive fuch carriage, car, or cart, on the left hand fide of fuch road, undei a penalty of ten (hillings fterling, to be recovered on the oath of one credible witnefs before the lord mayor, or any juftice of the peace for the county of the city of Dublin aforefaid, or upon the view of the faid lord mayor or juftice, fuch penalty to be recoverable, and to be applied in manner laft herein before mentioned; and the fevcral overfeers of the fcveral roads iu the (aid county

Digitized by Google

The thirty-third Tear of George III.	79	9

of the faid city, are hereby required, Immediately after the A. D. pafling of this,aft, to put up written or printed notices, I79-N in the moil convenient places on the faid roads, of the.pur- Chap. 56. port and meaning of this claufe.

XLV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Money here-faid, That whenever it (Hall happen that any fum of money in may bepre-prefented to be raifed for roads, which (hall not be ex- Sented for other pended agreeable to fuch presentment, and accounted for work* within three years after fuch prefentment (hall have been made, that then it fhall and may be lawful for the grand jury of the county of the faid city, at the next term, to prefent fuch fum of money to be expended on fome other work, in the county of the faid city j and that no affidavit accounting for the expenditure of faid money, (hall be allowed after the expiration of faid three years j and that if it (hall appear to any judge, upon due proof of any two credible perfons upon oath, at any term within one year after after any quere on any prefentment by which any money wa» granted (hall have been difeharged, that the court was do ceived by any affidavit for di (charging fuch quere, and that the money was not expended agreeable to the faid presentment, the court of King’s-bench, or juftice of the quar-ter-feffions, in caSe the prefentment was made at the quar-ter-feffions, may, notwithflanding fuch quere was discharged, fine, or iflue proccfs in fuch cafe againft the overfeers mentioned in fuch prefentment, as if the quere had not been difeharged.

XLV I. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, . Matters here-That no perfon (hall encloSe any part.of any road or wade domsonor near ground belonging to any road within the county of the faid road, city, nor (hall any perfon dig, or caufe to be dug, any pit on the fide of any road within the limits aforelaid, within twenty feet of any fuch road, nor (hall any perfon build any houfe, or part of any houfe, within twenty feet at either fide of any road, within the county of the faid city, except the fame lies within a market-town, or within half a mile at the outlide of the Circular-road ; nor (hall build any lime-kiln, or eredt any wind-mill within one hundred yards of any publick toad within the county of the faid city ; and if any houfe, lime-kiln, or wind-mill, fhall be fo built or erc&ed, or any pit fo dug, it (hall be lawful for any two juitices of the peace, by their warrant, to order fuch houfe, or any part of an houfe, lime-kiln, windmill, or enclofure, to be pulled down, and fuch pit to be filled up, and all neceffary expence attending the pulling down, and removing or filling up fuch nuifance fhall be levied upon the warrant of fuch jufiice of peace, by diilreis and Sale of the goods and chattels of fuch offender $ provided

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

▼ided that if any perfons (hall think themfelres aggrieved by fuch order of fuch jutlicc, they may upon depofiting ten pounds in the hands of fuch juftice, have liberty to appeal to the next quarter-feflions of the county of the faid city, and not otherwife, and m the mean time fuch order (hall be fufpended ; and that if upon the trial of fuch appeal by- a jury, at the quarter feflions, a verdiffc /hall be riven for confirming the order of the faid jtiflice of peace, tor abating fuch nuifance, that then the ten pound* fo dt-pofited, (hall be applied by the faid juftice for abating the fame ; and if any part thereof (hall remain, the fame fhall be diftriboted to the poor of the parifh, and all rcafoneble cofts (hall be adjudged by the court againft the appellant, or the juftice of the peace who made the order, as the court {hall fee fit.

X-VII. And whereas the coroners of the coanty of the faid city, are often obliged to hold inqoefts in gaols and prifons, and the fees arifing thereon are found to be a heavy tax on the pariihea where fuch gaols and prifons lie ; for remedy whereof, be it enafled by the authority aforefaid, G *ur to That from and after, the twenty-fourth day of June, out prefent*for each tboufaod feven hundred and ninety-three, it fhall and may

__1 _ -f J f 1 ‘    C ^ ^. _r *	“

mquifition in gaol.

G. juries may appoint over-fecra.

be lawful for the grand jury of the county of the faid city, at the KingVbench, to prefent fuch fums of money at they fhall think neceflary, not exceeding the fum of twenty (hit lings fterling, to be railed upon the county of the faid city *t large, and pay to the coroner or coroners of the faid county of the city of Dublin, for each and every inqui-fition duly taken in fuch gaol or prifon by fuch coroner or coroners, upon the view of the body lying in any gaol or prifon, lying within the county of the faid city, as a re-compence for his or their labour, pains, and charges in the taking fuch inquifttion, the fame to be raifed and levied m the fame manner, as other fums are by this aft direfted to be raifed andjevied.

XLVIII And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, That it ftiaH be Lawful for the grand jury of faid County of the city, at the terms aforefaid, to appoint aa overfeer or overfeers for the building or repairing of fny gaol, fherifFs gaol for debtors, work-houfe, bridge, gullet, pipe, or wall, neceflary for the fupport of any road, or for the making, repairing, or preferving of any road in faid county of the faid city ; and for the grand jury at the quarter feflions to appoint an overfeer or overfeers for the * building or repairing of the ftflions-houfe ; and that no treafurcr, colle&or, or other perfon receiving the public money, (hall on any account be named or appointed aa •verfeer in any preferment in faid city.

XLIX. And

Perfons who

The thirty-third Tear of George I IT*

XLlXi And for the purpofe of preventing the many id* juries to the publick roads committed in parts of the county of faid city and liberties thereunto adjoining 5 be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the palling of this aA, all and every perfon or perfons who (hall know- _ ingly deftroy or injure any ramparts, buttrefs, wall, bridge, abutment, pavement, or other work which hath been or or imprif0I10d j (hall be ereAed, or made to proteA or fortify any road, or mouths, to defend or preferve the fame from the violence of the fea or other waters, or (hall deal, fell, or carty away any ftones, timber, or other materials which (hall compofe the farae,v (hall upon being duly conviAed thereof according to law* be fentenced to pay a fine not exceeding the fura of fifty-pounds, or be imprifoned at the diferetion of the judge before whom fuch perfon or perfons (hall be found guilty, for any fpace of time not exceeding three months ; and if any ftones, timber, or other materials which (hall compofe any of the works aforefaid, and be taken therefrom as afore-* faid, (hall be found in the pofieflion of any perion, fuch pofTeflion (hall be prima facie preemptive evidence that fuch •ftones, timber, and other materials fo taken away* and found in the pofieflion of fuch perfon as aforefaid* hath or have been fo taken, ftolen, or carried away by the perfon in whofe pofieflion the fame (hall have been fo found, and that proof of the innocence of fuch perfon (hall lie up6n the perfon or perfons in whofe pofieflion the fame (hall havC been fo found*

L. And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, tfrhen an That whenever any overfeer employed in repairing, widen- overfeer dies, dt ing, or amending roads, or in any publick work in faid is unable to at-city, or the liberties thereof, (hall happen to die, or by any k ac-ficknefs or fatality (hall be rendered unable to attend after counted for, fuch work done, and before it (hall be accounted, for, on furvivor’s a Si-* proof thereof by affidavit to the grand jury, and to the d*vit Wld do» court of King’s-bench or quarter-fefliops, the oath or affi- &c‘ davit of the furvivoi or furvivors of them, or of him or them who are able to attend (hall be fufficient > and further that whenever the overfeer appointed by the grand jury for any work presented to be done, (hall happen to die, before he has accounted for the fame, and after a part of the whole of the money prefented for the fame, hath been expended by him in the execution thereof, in fuch cafe an affidavit fworn by any credible perfon, who can read and write, before any judge of the King’s-bench, or two juftices of the peace for faid city, in the form pre-feribed by this aA for the overfeer to have fworn, be allow-* ed by the grand jury and court of KingVbench, or two juftices of the peace for faid city, but in faid affidavit, inftead Vou IX*	3	£	•(

%

Minifter, church war dent, &c vnayapplot mod sflek lor a ' pound, u

herein.

Tie thirty-thud Year rf George V.

ef the words, / love faithfully and honefiy expended^ faS be inserted thefa words, wot expended by who u now dead, to the heft of my belief and efim«; »i thereupon the money ascertained by fuch affidavit to haw been expended, (ball be paid by die treafurcr, as i> any other cafe, any thing herein contained to the contrary not* withstanding: and further, that it (hall be lawful for the grand jury at fwy of the faid terns, or at the qaarter-feffioos, provided fuch overfeers (hall have been appointed at thequav-ter feflions, if it (hall appear to them that any of tW ovtrkeri employed by them under this a£t, have not performed tk trull repofed in theta witli propriety and fidelity, to dil* charge fuch overfeer or overieers from their office, and to appoint in his or their place, fuch overfeer or ovafcrs a to them fhall ftem expedient, yvho (hall be confidcrtd fit-cumftanced in evevy refpe& as the perfon or perfoni originally appointed by faid grand juries, and (hall account ip the fame manner, or as nearly as the cafe w31 admit of, a the overfeer whom he (kaU be appointed to faceted vs ttnind to do.

LI. And whereas the parifhionen of feseralof thepf* ri(hes in the county of the faid city of Dublin, are fit* quently much dtftrelTed and inconvenienced, by rafoa ef their not having a public pound hi each of the foid parifbes, wherein they may impound ft ray or trefpeffing cattle; k it enabled by the authority aforefasd, That horn and afterthe paiTing of this a&, it (hall and may be lawful for toy fire* more of the parishioners of any of the pariikes within the county of the faid eity, to apply to the mimftcr and church wardens of ftich pari(h, to convene a veftiy of the inhabitants of fuch pari(h, tad which hud mi ruder aid church wardens are hereby required on ftich requifition to do forth* with, and that fuch veftiy (hall coafift of the (aid parifo ai* pifler and church warden or church wardens, and fix allot of the folvcnt inhabitants of fuch p?ri(h, and they are k«• by empowered at fuch veftry to applot tad adds opus tk folvcnt inhabitants of fuch parifh, in like manner n tk public money is herein directed to be applottcd, tnd with the like falanes to the collc&ors, all ftich fsm sod funs of money as may be neceflary to purchafe or take a leafe of ground for a public pound, for the ufe of hud parifh, aad *Hb to build and cre6l ftich pound, mad aa houfe for a pound-keeper, and alfo fuch ycaily folary as may be aecrf* fary for fuch pound-keeper, or fob foam as may be bo ceftary to purchafe an noufc ready built for inch pooad* keeper, and to pay the *reat for the fane and far foch ground, and the faid pound-keeper (hall tnin into fccortj to be approved of at veftry aa aforefcd, far the fide keepig c£ all fuch cattle aa may be delivered into til cart, «9

**

Digitized by Google

The thtrty~thlrd Tear ef

863

Stray hcaft* delivered to

Clerks of

they fhaH be delivered by due courfe of lave, fuch pound- A. D* keeper to be entitled to demand and receive the fum of two 1793. pence per day for every beaft fo delivered in charge to him Chap. 5 6. from the owner or owners thereof.

L.II. And it is further enacted, That if any ftray bead fhall be found within the. faid parifh, the fame (hall be de- . ,

‘ live red to the pound-keeper, who is hereby required to p	•

snake a return of fuch bead or beads to the mini Her and church wardens, in order that the fame may be advertifed in the public newfpapers*

L.III. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That the clerk of the crown at the term, and clerks crown and clerks of the peace at the quarter feffions fhall keep and file amongd the records of faid c»ty> all affidavits made purfuant to this a aVit,, a&, and fhall within two days after every term, and after the quarter feffions in every year, deliver to the treafurer of faid city, without fee or reward, copies of all the preferments made at faid terms and quarter feffions, and alfo of all queries discharged at fame time, figned by himfelf or themfclves^ and for every default thereof, that he or they fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be recovered by any perfon who fhaU fue for the fame by civil bill, before the recorder of the faid city ; and that the treafurer of the faid city fhall give copies of any fuch preferments, as he fhall receive from the clerk of the crown, or clerk of the peace, to any oyerfeer mentioned in fuch preferment, or to their order on demand, within ten days after fuch overfeer fhall fo apply to him for the fame, without fe« or reward.

LIV. And be it eua&ed by the authority stforefaid. That if any colle&or, deputy-colle&or, conflable, or other perfon empowered to colle& the public money under this a&,

Notice to he polled by collector, <kc. upon

fhall take any diftrefs upon the premifes of any perfon refufing taking diflrefs. to pay his or her proportion of the public cels, fuch collector, deputy-colle&or, conflable, or perfon empowered to colle&, taking fuch diftrefs, fhall poft a notice in writing, by him finned, on the ufual place of notices being pofted, in the parilh where fuch diftrefs was taken, fetting forth, that upon the feventh day following he will fell fuch diftrefs by public cant at that place ; and it fhall be lawful for fuch perfon who took fuch diftrefs, then to fell it to the be ft bidder, and after deducing the amount of the cefs, and one fhtiling in the pound for his trouble in miking fuch diftrefs, and one (hilling per night for the charges of kem* ing fuch diftrefs, if a beaft, he fhall return the furplus (if any ) to the perfon from whom fuch diftrefs was taken; and in cafe any perfon or perfona fhall at any time hercs&ei; bring, or caufe to be brought any replevin or replevins^ of any other a&ioa at law, whereby to present or ©bftru$ the

3 E a	to*yinS.

8 04

The thirtf-third Tear of George III.

A. D.

1793-Chap. 56.

Teffn grand juries n ay appoint * er foils to conduct fuit», Ac.

Perfons aggrieve <1 may tiaverfe prefect* nientt.

levying of all or any part of the publick money under thi» aft* that then and in that cafe the colleftor or collectors, or his or their furcties, conftables or conflable, who ftafl train for the fame* (hall be enabled to avow* acknowledge, juftify and defend filch taking* by pleading* avowing, or making conufancc generally that he took the goodsandchar-teis in the plaintiffs declaration mentioned by virtue of this aft, for the county cefs, for which fuch diftrefs (hall bt made due and payable* and in arrear* out of the premifes whereon fuch diftrefs (hall be made* which ccf* was then and Rill remains due, witbont further fetting forth any proceedings had under this aft* or fetting forth fpecially the warrant or authority of fuch colleftor or his furety, or of fuch conRablc or other perfon fo afting under this aft; and if the plaintiff or "plaintiffs in fuch replevin* or the perfon or perfons bringing or caufing to be brought fuch rcplcrii Ihail be non-fuited, or a verdift fhall be found* or judgment on demurrer fhall pafs again ft him* her* or them* that thei and in that cafe he* (he* or they (hall pay treble cofb: and if any perfon or perfons fhall aflault any colleftor, de-puty-colleftor, conftable* or other perfon empowered lo take any diftrefs m the execution of this aft, and fhall be convicted thereof upon indiftment at any quarter feffioos, or adjournment thereof* or commiffion of gaol delivery for the county of the city of Dublin* fuch perfoa (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds* and fhall be committed until fuch fine fhall be paid* and (hall give fufficient fureties to keep the peace for five years; and if any perfon or perfons fhaff fefeue any diftrefs taken by any perfon by this aft empowered to take fuch diftrefs, he, fhc* or they (hall upon co> tiftion be fined in the fum of ten pounds* over and above all penalties by law to be infiifted upon perfons guilty of pound-breach, and every fine io either cafe (hall be pail one-half to the perfon who (hall profecute fuch perfoos, and the other half to tbe blue-coat-hofpitaL

LV. And be it further enafted by the authority afbtt-iaid, That the grandjuries at the terms (hall have powerts appoint fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall think moi proper* to conduft* profecute* or defend fuch fuiti in replevin* or any fuit or fnits to be condufted* profeeuted, or defended in purfuance of this aft, and to prefeot thefumsne-ceflary for the fame, to be levied off the county of the laid city, in like manner as other public money is to be nifedoff the fame.

LV1. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That h (hall be lawful for any perfon who (hall think himfclf ot hcrfelf aggrieved by the presentment of any grand jury of the faid county of the city of Dublin! to enter one or more

torerff

j

Digitized by Google

If traverfe be

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

traverfe or traverfes to fuch prefentment, either in the term io which fuch prefentment (hall be made, or within eight «layt next after the laft day of that term, which traverfe or traverfes lhall be tried at the next term ; and if the jury who (hall try fuch traverfe or traverfes (hall not confirm fuch prefentment, then and in that cafe it (hall not be lawful for any overfeer to proceed to execute fuch prefentment; provided that fuch traverfer or traverfers (hall give fufficient fe* curities before the court of King’s bench, if the traverfe be made in open court, or before one of the judges of the faid court, if the traverfe be entered within eight days next after faid term as aforefaid, to pay double cofts, in cafe the jury to try fuch traverfe or traverfes (hall confirm the prefent-ment.

L.V1I. And provided alfo, That if fuch traverfe be not made in open court, notice thereof in writing (hall be giveu not made in by the traverfer to the treafurer of the county of the city of °}nn court, no Dublin aforefaid, on the fame day of the entry of fuch tra-verfe, who (hall inform the overfeers thereof; and if fuch ^rcr on day of traverfe be to any prefentment for making any new road, or entry, &cc, widening any old road, or making any new foot-path, the jury who try fuch traverfe (hall true verdict give whether any and what damage will accrue thereby to fuch per foil fo travel fing, which verdi& (hall be conclufive ; and upon the fum fo found for damages bein£ paid to him or her, or de<* poiited with the traverfer for his or her ufe, it (hall be lawful for the overfeer to proceed and lay out, or make fuch new road or foot-way, or widen fuch old road, purfuant to the prefentment, without the interruption of fuch per-fon.

LV1II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-* Over/Ver* laid, That any overfeer or overfeers appointed under this ad, may dig antl (hall be empowered to dig for, raife, and carry away any gravel, (tones, fand, or other materials which may be want* herein! * cd for the budding, rebuilding, enlarging, or repairing of any feffion-houfe, gaol, work-houfe, bridge, gullet, pipe, or wall ncceflary for the fupport of any road, or for the making or preserving of any road, or for gravelling any new or old road, or part of a road, where fuch overfeer lhall judge molt convenient to raife the fame, whether it be in the faid city or the liberties thereof, or in the adjoining county, but that it (hall pot be lawful for any overfeer or overfeers to dig for any gravel or (tones, or to open any gravel-pit, or quarry, in any deer-park, garden, orchard.

Haggard, or yard, or in the planted avenue, walk, or lawa belonging to any houfe, without the confent in writing of •the owner or occupier, or nearer to the next fide of any road or foQt-way than tyventy feet \ and that it (hall he lawful

as

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

fol for any overfeer or overfeers to make drains, in order to carry off the water that may injure any bridge, gullet, pipe* or road in or through the laods of any perfon, not being a deer-park, garden, orchard, haggard, or yard, or in the planted walk, avenue, or lawn to the manfion-houfe of any perfon ; and that fuch overfeer (hall make fuch fatisfa&ion to be recovered by civil bill before the recorder of the city of Dublin, again It fuch overfeer, in cafe of refufal to the owner or occupier of the land for what damage may be done by digging, railing, or carrying away fuch gravel, flones, fand, or other materials, or making fuch drains as (hall be afleifcd by five fubftatitial houfe-holders of faid city, two to be named by each of the faid parties* and the fifth by any juflice of the peace, to be appraifers of fuch damage, nnd to make a true eftimate of fuch damages, according to the bell of their (kill; provided that fuch perfons making fuch dfleffment, (hall, before they enter thereon, make and fublcribc refpec-tively an affidavit in the following form:

Affidavit of / A. B. do fiveary faithfully, impartially, and* hane/ffyf ta Affcflment*. the bejl of my JkiU and knowledge > to make a juft and true M-mate or valuation of the damage fujlained by the digging, raifingy and carrying away the gravely fapdy or fUmes% or mating drains, (as the cafe may be) on the hnds of without favour or affeQiony prejudice or malice.

So help me God,

Affidavit an* Which affidavit may be fworn before any juflice of the peace nexed to efti-	for the county of the city of Dublin, and (hall be annexed

mate, fiic.	to the eftimate made by them, and be returned therewith to

the grand jury, and kept amongft their records; and if any perfon or perfons appointed to make filch eftimate, bavinr four days previous notice in writing, (hall refufe or neglect to proceed to the valuation of fuch damage, fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit any fum not exceeding five pounds for every fuch offence, to be recovered by diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuch perfon, on the affidavit of one credible witnefs, fuch fine to be applied to the poor of the pariJh 5 and if the owner of the ground on like notice (hall refufit to appoint valuators in purfuance hereof, he or (he (hall for-- feit for every fuch offence, the fiuh of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as aforefaid.

5I. penalty on LIX. And be it further ena&ed. That if any perfon ©bftni<5Hng /hall obftruft or prevent fuch overfeers in digging for, raiftng overfeer*, ficc. or carryjng away fuch materials, making fuch drains, ot (hall obftruft or prevent any overfeer, or any perfon employed by an overfeer to exeonte any publick work under the authority of this aft, fuch perfon (ball upon coovi&cm

Eftimates for

^thc thirty-third Tear of George ft I.

try the oath of otic credible witnefs before any juftice of the peace for faid city, forfeit for every fuch offtnee a funi toot exceeding five pounds, to be levied together with the charges by diftrets and fale of the goods of the offender, by warrant of any juftice of the peace for faid city.

LX. And that a fufficient recompence be made to the Overfeer, in cafe he (hall have paid the damages, or to the perfons injured, by the taking any fuch materials as (hall be fteceffary fbr the building, rebuilding, enlarging or repair* lug of any feflions-houfe, gaol, work-ho life, bridge, gul* let, pipe, or wall neceffary for the fupport of any road i be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the Cftimate of fuch damages as aforefaid, made by the perfons dam^eTto*br appointed for that purpofe, and fwornto by them before laid before g. two juftices of the peace for faid city, may be laid before the next grand jury at the term, who may prefent fuch furh or fums of money as they (hall think proper, not exceeding	«

the faid eftimate, to be raifed off, the faid city, and paid to fuch perfons by the treafurer of the publick money; and that every fuch overfeer may give notice to the owner or occupier of the land adjoining to the roads he is appointed to overfee, to fcour the drains or ditches, or to cut or clip the hedges on the fide of fuch roads at a heighth not exceeding five feet, which if the owner or occupier (hall neg-Ie& to do, within three days after the fervice of fuch notice, any juftice of the peace of the faid city, may by warrant tinder his hand and feal, order the overfeer of fuch road to have the faid drains or ditches effe&ually fcoured, or the hedges cut or dipped, and may by fuch warrant authorize fuch overfeer to levy the expences attending thereon off the goods and chattels of fuch owner or occupiers.

LX I. And be it further enaCted by the authority afore- 40s. penalty faid, That if any perfon fliall make any way or paffage from f°r nuiunccs at any road within the county of the faid city into the lands herein, adjoining, without placing a gutter or arch underneath fuch vfoy or paffage as deep as the drain or ditch over which it fhall be made, fo as to allow all water which may be therein at any time full room to pafs, or fhall lay the fcouring of* earth of any ditch dr drain on the faid roadss or any foot* way belonging thereto, or if any perfon fhall leave or per-ihit to be left on any part of the faid roads, within the county of the faid city, or any foot-way belonging thereto, ally carriage whatfoever, or any plough or harrow without , . the horfe or horfes, or other beaft or beafts being harneffed, tinlefs fuch carriage fhall be accidentally broken down there, and cannot be removed without repair, or fhall fpread out any linen, blanket, dr winnowing fheet, within thirty feet of the fide of any of the laid roads, or fhall leave any

X	timber.



Digitized by

Google

«ol

A. P*

1793-Chap- S6’ ISr*r*r~*t

Aaion*, &c. to cojnnicncc within 6 mupth*. *

The thirty-third Year oj George III.

timber, or any ftones without permiilion of the overfeer of any of the faid roads, except for the ufe of „the faid roads, or (hall leave, or permit to be left the carcafe of any horfc, or bead, or (hall (kin, or permit the Came to be flfinned on any of the faid roads, or within one hundred yards of th^ fide thereof, except in a houfe or yard enclofed with walls, pr (hall lead or drive any £ar or carriage with timber, boards, or iron laid acrofs, fo as that either end thereof (hall projcd beyond the Tides or wheels, or on which (hall be laid any beams or pieces of timber, or planks, or pieces of planks above the length of thirteen feet, except on carriages with four wheels, and carts, or two common cars fo placed together,^ that the beams or pieces pf planks (half be laid lengthways thereon, or (hall drag any timber along fny parts of the (kid roads, without being fupported by wheels from touchihg the feme, or (hall cred any fign-polf or may-pole, or may-bufh, on any part of the faid roads j and if any landholder or occupier of land, (hall lay, or caufe, or luffer to be laid upon his land, within the city of Dublin or liberties thereof, for manure, or any other purr pofe, any filth, offals of blood, or the ferapings of any flaughter-houfe, or of (hambles, or of th? emptying of privies, without immediately covering the fame with fuch quantities of lim^ or earth as flndl be fuificient to prevent any (lench or annoyance therefrom, or (hall lay or depofite any dunghill, or other offenfive manure, within one hundred feet of any road within the county of the faid city, fuch

Eran or perfons offending in any of the particulars herein, upon the view of any juftice of the peace, or upon the information of one credible witnefs upon oath, forfeit the fum of forty (hillings for every fuch offence, to be leT yied by diftrefs and fyle of the goods and chattels of the offender, by the warrant of any fuch juftice of the peace with-? in his jurifdidion, under his hand and feal.

LX 11. And be it further enaded by the authority aforeT faid, That if any fuit (hall be commenced againft any per-fon or perfons for putting into execution any of the powers contained in this ad, or for doing any ad, matter, or thing purfuant thereto, that in every fuch cafe, the adion pr fuit (hall be commenced within fix calendar months nex$ after the fad was committed, and (hall belaid in the county of the city of Dublin, and not clfewhere ; and the defendant or defendants in fuch adions (hall anct may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, apd that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority q( this ad ; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be non-fuited, and judgment given againft him, her, or them upon demurrer or otherwife, or ^ •	verdid

The tUrty-thtrd Year tf George III.

8o£

verdiCI paf8 for die defendant, or a difmifs upon a cm! bill, A. D. fuch defendant or defendants /hall have his, her, or their 1793-treble cofts, to be recovered by fuch method and manner Chap. 56%

as by law, cofts are given to defendants; and that the fo- lemn affirmation of* a quaker, (hall be adjudged and taken to be of the fame force and effeCl, to all intents and purposes in any cafe where by this a& an oath is required to be taken, as if fuch quaker had taken an oath prescribed in the ufual form of law. -

lrXIII. And be it further enaCted by the authority jufHcestopq aforefaid, That his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, are this aCt in cxe-hereby authorized to put this aCl into execution, and to ad- cution. minifter the Several oaths herein before directed to be taken, within their Several and refpeftive jurisdictions ; and that one moiety of all forfeitures aud pecuniary penalties to be inflicted by this aCt, and not otherwife applied, Shall be paid to the informer, with full cofts, and the other moiety to the poor of the pari/h ; and that if any perfon convicted of any of. fence by this aCt, Shall not be able tq pay the penalty that he or /he has incurred, it Shall bek

been convicted, to fend fuch perfon to the work-houfe, or houfe of correction of faid city, there to remain at hard labour for fuch time as the faid juftice or juftices /hall think proper, not exceeding three months.

LXIV. And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Perfons wh« That every perfon who /hall falfely fwear, or falfely affirm in fwear or affirm any of the cafes or matters herein mentioned, /hall be deem- falfely, guilty of ed and taken to be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, and Pcriur3r*

/hall be liable to be indiCted, profecuted, and puni/hed as perfons are liable to be indicted, profecuted, and puni/hed for wilful and corrupt perjury#

LXV. And whereas from the uncertainty, as to the Boundaries boundaries of the county of the city of Dublin, and the afeertaioed at county of Dublin, it has been found extremely difficult in herein# many cafes to execute the ordinary proce/s of the law, whereby many perfons have efcaped puni/hment, and creditors have been defrauded and greatly delayed in the recovery ©f their debts, and other inconvemencies have arifen : and whereas the mode for profecuting a commiffion of peram-» bulation, in order to have the Same boundaries afeertained, on account of the number of perfons who are neceffary to be made parties to any fuit to be commenced for that pur? pofe, would be both tedious and expenfive; for affording full and Sufficient remedy in the premifes, be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That it /hall and may be lawful to and for the lord chancellpr of Ireland, on a petition to be

juftices of the peace, before whom

. Digi- id by tjQOQle

G. juries of Then a -court and Denote, may prefen t for repair of faid , barony, tec.

Said g juries may contra A as herein.

The ihirty-ihird Tear $f George Ilf.

preferred to him in the high court of chancery, by th€ grand jury of the county, or county of the city of Dub* tin, or by either of them, for the time being, praying td have the boundaries between the faid counties enquired into and afeertained, after a notice fhall have been given in fuch publick manner za the lord chancellor (hall direCt, of fuch petition or petitions being preferred, and after hearing what may be faid touching the matter of faid petition, by the perfons who may think themfelves afleCted thereby, or their council, or in cafe there fhall not be any fuch oppo-fition, to iffue one or more commiflion or commiflions of perambulation, as the fame may be found neceflary for af-certaining the mcares and bounds between the county of thd city of Dublin and its libt rties, and any adjoining county tor place on which fuch orders and proceedings fhall and may be had as fhall be neceflary ; and after the meares and boundaries between the county of the faid city, and any adjoining place, fhall be afeertained and fettled by virtue of faid commifTion or commiflions, and the proceedings to be had theieon, the fame rcfpeAively fhall be binding and condufive from thenceforth, to all perfons who fhall or may be concerned or interefted in the bounds of faid city, and any adjoining place; and * a commiflion or commiflions of peram* bidation hath or have been already ifliied for the purpofei afore fa id, and a commiflion for afeertaining part of the meares’ and bounds between the county of Dublin, and county of the city of Dublin is now depending,

LXVI. And whereat the foot and carriage ways within the barony of Donore are almofl impaifable, for remedy whereof, be it cnaCted by tht authority aforefaid, That the grand juries of Thohias-court and Donore, be empow* ered to prefent fuch fum or fums as they may think fuffi-cient to repair the foot and carriage ways within the faid barony, and to appoint fuch overfeer or overfeers as they may think moil proper, and that the faid overfeer or overfeers may have the fame powers as the directors and commiflioners of the paving board have, as to the repairing* levelling, and altering all fuch carriage and footways, and to the removingof nuifances and other obftruCtions within the faid barony, and that the high and petty conflabks of faid barony be empowered to diflrain for the cefs to be raifc ed by the faid grand jury as other conftables and collectors are empowered by law to do.

LXVI I And be it enaCted by the authority afarefaid. That from and after the paffing of this aCt, the faid grand juries fhall have full power and authority to enter into any contract or agreement for any term not exceeding fevea

years.

1

The flirty-third Year of Georg« III.

y£ars, with any perfon or perfons, body or bodies corporate, for any fam of money to be expended in repairing or heepin£ in repair fuch parts of faid carriage ways and foot ways, and in altering and levelling fuch foot and cai n*3ge ways as are fituated within faid barony, which contract or agreement (hall be figned by the foreman of faid jury, and the party or parties with whom the faid grand juries fnaH make and agree for the fame, and /hall be lodged with the fenefchal of the faid batony; provided always that nothing herein contained (hall be extended or be conftrued to exonerate the faid barony of Thomas-court and Donore from the payment of their proportion of prefentments on the county at large.

LXVIII. And whereas the parifh church of Nicholas Without the walls of Dublin, is at prefeut in ruins 9 be it may affefs for cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after ^building the twenty-fourth day of June next enfuing, it fliall and Nichole Wkh* may be lawful for the minifter, church-wardens, and pa- 0ut. rifhioners of the faid parifh of faint Nicholas 'Without, in veftry adembled, to afTefs from time to time, on the fevcral inhabitants of the faid parifh, fuch fum or fums of moneyas (hall appear to be neceflary for the rebuilding of the faid parochial church, and the putting of it in proper order for the celebration of divine fervice, and that the churchwardens in office, whenever fuch afleffment (hall be made, fhali be empowered and required immediately to applet and levy by themfehres, or by fome perfon appointed by them, the Tumor fums foaflefled, on the feveral houfes of the faid parifh of faint Nicholas Without, according to the rate of minifler’s money payable out of each of the faid houfes re-fpe&ively, and (hall apply the faid fum* or fums to the rebuilding of the faid parochial church of Saint Nicholas Without, and to no other purpofe ; and when going out of office fhali account for the faid fum or fums, in the fame manner as they are now by law to account for aU fum or fums of money received by them by virtue of their office of churchwarden : and in cafe the inhabitant of any of the faid houfes of the faid parifh, refnfes or delays to pay fuch fum or fums of money as fhali be allotted or charged upon the houfe wherein he dwelleth, that then it (hall and may be lawful for the faid,church-wardens, and the faid churchwardens are helreby Empowered and required to enter into the (aid houfe, and diftrain the feveral and refpe&ive per-fons fo in arrear for the fame, and the diflrefs or diflrefles to carry away and fell, to pay fuch money as fhali be due towards the rebuilding of the faid parodiial church, and to deliver the remainder unto the (aid inhabitants.

LXIX. Provided

8tf

A. D.

1793-Chap. ^6.

Minifter, Sec.



Digitized by

Google

Sum* affcfled for rebuilding church, not to exceed mini-fter*» money annually, &c.

Expenees of tlma& to heap-plotted, Ac.

A publlck aa.

Church wardens to deliver, on notice, their books of applot-ment, fitc.

The thirty-third Tear^f George III.

LX1X. Provided always, That the fum or fums fo to be afiefled for the rebuilding of the faid parochial church of Saint Nicholas Without, (hall not in any one year exceed the yearly rate of minifler’s money, payable out of the feveral houfee of the faid parifh refpedively; and provided alfo, that the church-wardens of the faid parifh of Saint Nicholas Without, (hall, from time to time pay over the fum or fums fo levied ajid received by them for the rebuilding of the faid parifh church, to the treafurer appointed by the committee eleded in veftry, for fuperintending the rebuilding of the faid church, and that the receipts of the faid treafurer fhall be a full difeharge to the faid church-wardens, for any fum or fums paid by them, and fhall be allowed them in pafling their accounts as church-wardens of the faid pa iifh of Saint Nicholas Without.

LXX. And be it enaded by the authority aforefald. That the expence of pafling this ad into a law, fhall, before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, be prefented and applotted on the inhabitants of the county of the city of Dublin, by the grand jury of faid county of the city of Dublin, and afterwards levied and raifed, with like remedy for default in payment thereof, as is by this ad direded ; and that all fuch fums of money as have been by this ad direded, or as have been heretofore neceflary, and may afterwards be necef-fary for defraying the expences of any proceeding* which have been or tnay be had on account of fuch commifiion or conimiflions, of perambulation as before mentioned, fhall and may be prefented to be raifed in like manner by the re-fpedive grand juries of the county of the city of Dublin, and county of Dublin.

LXX1. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That this ad fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pnblick ad, and judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juilices, and other perfons whatsoever* without fpeciafly pleading the fame.

LXXII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral church-wardens of the feveral parifhes in the county of the faid city, or their colledors, after the pafling of this ad, on due notice (not lefs than twenty-four hours) heing given to them, or any of them, by any of the term grand jury or grand juries, fhall deliver up to the faid grand jury or grand juries, or to any perfon authorized by them, the fevetal books of applotment of the amount of any warrant or warrants applatted by them on their refpedive parifhes, as fhall be required by the faid grand jury or grand juries} and'the laid church-wardens

(hall

The thirty-third Tear of George III.

ftaH alfo deliver to the faid grand jury or grand juries, correct lifts of all arrears of publick money due and uncollefted, of any of the faid warrant or warrants in their refpeftive parifhes, fuch lifts of arrears to be figned by the faid feveral church-wardens 5 and if the faid church-warden, churchwardens, or their colleftors, (hall omit or refufe to deliver up in manner herein before direfted, fuch books of ap-plotment, and alfo lifts of the arrears of publick money then due in their refpeftive parifhes, it (hall be lawful for the juftices of the KingVbench to fine them, and every or any of them, in any fum not exceeding one hundred pounds, to be recovered in a fummary way, and when levied, to be paid to the Biue-coat-hofpital.

LXXI1I. And whereas it muft fumilh a better fupply of water to the city of Dublin, and the liberties thereto * adjoining, if more bafons or refervoirs were to be made contiguous or convenient thereto: and whereas great difficulty may occur from divers caufes in acquiring and purchafmg grounds neceflary and proper for that purpofe, hie it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the right ho- Lord mayor, nourable the lord mayor, (heriffs, city treafurer, and fe- (hrjiff*, &c. ap nior mafter of the works of the city of Dublin, for the time being, (hall be and are hereby appointed commiffion- font, See. ere for making bafons and refervoirs for the better fupply of Dublin with pipe water 5 and that the commiffioners aforefaid, or the furvivore of them, (hall and may meet and af-femble themfelves at the Royal Exchange, on the firft day of September next after the paffing of this aft, and afterwards at fuch time and times, and at fuch places in the city of Dublin, as the faid commiffioners or the furvivore of them, or any three or more of them, (hall from time to time think fit; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or the furvivore of them, or feny three or more of them, to defign, affign, and lay out where and in what manner fuch bafons and refervoirs, and the neceflary banks and enclofures thereof, and the premifes neceflary to be appurtenant thereto, for management and prefer vat ion thereof, (hall be made.

LXXIV. And be it further enafted by the authority Com M aforefaid, That the commiffioners aforefaid, or the furvivore agrecTorpur-of them, or any three or more of them, (hall have full power chafe of lands and authority to agree with all and every perfon and per- herein, fons, bodies politick and corporate, for the punchafe of their refpeftive eftates, terms or interefts in the feveral lands and premifes contiguous, or nearly adjoining to the grand canal, on the fouth-weft, fouth-fouth-eaft, and north Tides of Dublin, lying between the roads leading to Baals-bridge and

JUthfarnbafB|

Digitized by

Google

A* Du

•793-Chap. 56.

Per font in* terefted in hoofe*, See. may fell, dee. Co feidcom.

Com. to have powers, at Herein.

Com, (hall convey ground as herein to city corporation.

Rathfarnham, refpeftively, in aU and every fuch grounds and premifea not exceeding two acres, at they the (aid com-miffiooers or the furvivors of them, or any three cnr more of them (hall think nccefiary for them to be poffeffcd of, or entitled to, for the purpofe of this aft.

LXXV. And be it further euafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick and corporate, corporations aggregate or foie, trudeer, guardians and committees of lunaticks and idiots9 executors and adminiilrators, not only for and on behalf of thcmfclvea, their heirs and fucceffurs, but alfo for and on behalf of teflui que trulls, whether infants or i(Tue unknown, lunaticks, idiots, feme covert*, or other perfona whatfoever $ and to and for all perfon and perfons wliatfoever, who are or (hall be feized or podefted of, or intereded in any houfes, buildings, or grounds, which by the faid cornmiflioncrs, or the furvivors of them, or any three or more of them, (hail be thought ncceflary to be purchafed for any of the purpofea of this aft, to fell and convey all or any fuch grounds and premifes, or any part thereof, to the (aid commiffioncrt or the furvivors of them; and that all contrafts, agreements, bargains, Tales, and conveyances, which (hall be made by fuch perfons as aforefaid, (hall be good and valid in law, to all intents and purpofes, in like manner, and as fully as if the fame were made to and with the commifEoners authorized and appointed by divers ftatutes for making wide abd convenient ways, Greets, and parages in the city of Dublin.

LXXVI. And be it further cnafted by tbe authority aforefaid. That the commifiioaers by this aft nominated and appointed, or the furvivors of them, or any three or more of them, (hall, in the premifes and execution thereof, hare and enjoy all fuch powers, privileges, authorities, capacities, and immuniments whatfoever, and (hall and may in execution of the premifes, aft, conduft, and regulate their aft* and proceedings; and the fherifts, jurors, and officers of juliice of the county and city of Dublin, refpcftively, fhaQ be in like manner fubjeft and obedient to their power and authority, in the due execution of the premifes, in like raan^ ner as is enafted, provided, and required by the feveraj ftatutes made and now in force, relating to the commiifion-ers appointed by aft of parliament for making wide and convenient pafiages through the city of Dublin, and for the further improvement thereof, and in like manner as if the pqwer of the faid commiifioners lad above-mentioned, was extended to the due execution of the premifes.

LXXVII. And be it further enafted by the authority pfere&ud, That as foon as the faid commiffioncrt, or the

furvivors

The thirty-third Tear of George III.	815

furvivora of them, or any three or more of them (hall have A. D. purchafed, acquired, or pofTeflcd the ground and, premifes 1793* ncceflary for making fuch bafons, referVoirs, banks, enclo- Chap. 56. fures, and premifes neceffary to be appurtenant thereto, for the due ordering and management thereof, that then the faid commiflioners, or the furvivors of them, or any three or mote of them, (hall affign and convey over all their eftate, and intereft in the premifes, by deeds of bargain and fale^ enrolled, to the lord m?yor, (heriffs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, for the ufe of the pipe-water work® of the faid city, and of the liberties thereto adjoining; the corporation laft mentioned paying, fatisfying, and difeharg-ing out of the pipe-water revenue, all fum and films of money agreed, awarded, and adjudged to be paid, for the purchafe of fuch grounds and premifes, and all expences, cofts and charges, to be incurred in the execution of the premifes; and thereupon the faid lord mayor, (heriffs, commons, and citizens, (hall be feized of fuch grounds and premifes to the ufe aforefaid, and none other; and thereupon the powers of the faid commiffioners, hereby appointed, (hall wholly ceafe and be determined.

LXXVI1I. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall Water-works and may be lawful to and for the faid lord mayor, (he- may be com-rifFs, commons, and citizens, to extend their main pipes and other water-works, fo as to communicate with, and draw the water from fuch bafons and refervoirs, refpec-tively.

LXXIX. Whereas the term grand jury of the coufity of Grand jury the city of Dublin, are authorized by law, to prefent a maypreient 10L fum not exceeding fifteen pounds, at every term, as a falary P*r <ju,art<r t# for the chaplain or ordinary of the new prifon, which fum is very inadequate to the dangerous and painful duties of faid office, be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the quarter feffions grand jury of the city of Dublin, to prefent a farther fum of ten pounds, at every quartet1 feffions for jaid chaplain, provided that it (hall appear to them, that he hath faithfully difeharged his duty.

END OF THE NINTH VOLUME.

Digitized by Google

