STATUTES

PASSED IN THE

I

PARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

IRELAND.

V O L/ VIII.

CONTAINING

From theTwenty-fixth Year of George III. A. D. 1786, to the Twenty-eighth Year of George III. A. D. 1786, in-clufive.

DUBLIN:

Printed by GEORGE GRIERSON, Printer to the King's Moft Excellent Majeftyv 1798.

_ /

Digitized by^ " oogle

CONTENTS

OF THE

EIGHTH VOLUME.

The TWnty-fixth Year of GEORGE III. CHAP. XIV.

jin Ad for making, widening, and repairing publick Roads in the County of Dublin, and for repealing Parts of feveral Ads formerly made for that Purpofe.	Page I

CHAP. XVI.

An Ad for facilitating the Trade and Intercourfe between this Kingdom and the United St at a of America.	55

CHAP. XVII.

An Ad to explain and amend an Ad paffed in this Kingdom in the eighth Tear of the Reign of Her late Majedy Queen Anne, entitled. An ail for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange, a id making Promtjfory Notes more obligatory-	57

Vql, VIII.

CHAP

Digitized by v^ooQle

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XIX.

An A3 for promoting the ’Trade of Dublin, by rendering itt Port and Harbour mote commodious.	Page	g9

CHAP, XX.

An A3 to explain and amend an Aft paffed in the Twenty* fifth Tear of Hit prtfeht Majefty, entitled. An Aft for tbt farther Improvement and Extenfion of the Fijheries on the Coafis of this Kingdom.	103

CHAP. XXL

An Aft for continuing and amending federal Laws relating to His Majefty's Re venue, and for the more cjfeft,tally preventing of Frauds therein, and for other purpo/es therein mentioned.	1	o	c

CHAP. XXIV.

An Aft for the better Execution of the Law within the City of Dublin, and certain Parts adjacent thereto ; and for quieting and protefting Pqfftjfions within this Kingdom ; for the more expeditious Tranfportation of Felons ; for reviving, continuing, and amending certain Statutes therein mentioned; and for repealing an Aft pajfed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Tears of the Reign of Hit prefint Majefty, entitled. An Aft for improving the Police of the City of Dublin.

,!9

CHAP. XXVII.

An Aft for amending and carrying more ejfeftually into Force the fevered Laws now in being for regulating the Publick Gaols and Prifons throughout this Kingdom.	1*3

2

CHAP.

CONTENTS.

CHAP. X XVII I.

An A8 for building a Bridge over the Northern Channel of the River Lee, in the City of Cork, and Suburbs thereof, and for other Purpofes relative to the faid City.	138

CHAP. XXIX.

An AS for granting the Sum of Four Thovfand Pounds to the Truftees of the Linen ManufaSure, and for the Purpofes therein mentioned.	ff	173

CHAP. XXX.

An AS for making, widening, and repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin to Malahide, and for ere&ing Turnpike Gates, and receiving Tolls thereout, in Aid of the Barony Prcfent meats, and for appointing Truftees for carrying the faid Purpofes into Execution,	174.

*

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act for making more effectual an AS made in the Seventeenth Tear of the Reign of His late Rfajcfty King Charles the Second, entitled. An Act to prevent Delays in extending Statutes, 'Judgments, and Recognizances, and Jor explaining an Act made in the Tenth Tear of the Reign of His late Majefty King Charles the Fir ft, entitle^* An Act fcr Cementation of Debts upon Execution.	18$

C H A p. XXXII.

An Act for explaining and further amending the fevtral Acts heretofore puffed for the Improvement of the City of Dublin, by making wide and convenient Paflitges through the fame, and for other Purpofes.	186

CHAP,

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Adfor the more ejfc dually promoting Partnerjhips in Trade, by amending the Laws refolding the fame.	Page	193

CHAP. XXXV.

An Ad to explain and amend an Ad paffed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth 1 ears of His prefent Majejly, entitled. An Ad for the preventing Frauds in the Meafurement of Lime.	194,

CHAP. XXXVJv

An Ad for rendering ejfcdual a Grant made formerly by Par-//’ament y for the Encouragement of the Copper Marnfadure <f this Kingdom,	19^

CHAP. XXXVII.

Ah Ad for the more efftdual Punifhment of Perfotts who fhall attain, or attempt to attain, Pqffeffion of Money or Goods by falfe Pretences, or by Threats.	19	6

CHAP. XXXIX.

An Ad to prevent the Pradice of fraudulently buying andfelling of Light QpidCoin in this Kingdom.	497

%

CHAP. XLH.

An Ad for further promoting the Pmrfofes of an Ad, entitled. An Ad for the ijjuing Treafury Bills to the Amount therein mentioned, for the Purpofe of promoting Manufadures, by providing for the Settlement of a Humber of induftrious Ma . nufadurers at Profperous in the County of Kildare.	198

CHAP.

CONTENTS.



CHAP. XLIII.

An Adi to tftablijh tho Bufinefs of a Pawnbroker, and to authorise fuch Perfons as jhall be duly qualified to carry on the fame, to lend Money on Pawns or Pledges, and to receive Intereft at a higher Rate than heretofore was recoverable by Law,	Page	202

CHAP. XLV.

An AS to enable the Grand Juries of the feveral Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns within this K ingdoTp y to grant fuch Sums as /hall b- necejjafy for build-

' tng and repairing Bridewells therein•	228

C t^A P. L.

Ah Adi to explain and amend an Aft paffed isf the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Tears of His prefent Afajefiy, entitled. An A3 for the Prote3ion and Improvement of the Inland Fijheries	of this	Kingdom,	230

CHAP. LlH.

An AO for	vtjling the Hcufe, commonly called the Navigation-

Houfe, in the City of Dublin, with ail the Furniture therein {not being private Property) in His Majcjly, His Heirs and Succefors,	240

CHAP. LVH.

An A3 for regulating the Stage in the City and County of Dublin.	240

CHAP. LVIIL

#

An A3 for	building	a	Bridge	aver the River Suir at

Waterford,	242

CHAP.

Digitized "by

Google

CONTENTS.

CHAP. HX.

An AM to amend an AS ptffed in the TmventyjksrJ and Twenty-fourth Tears of His prefcnt Majefiy% entitled, An A3 for the EreSing and Building of a new and convenient Gaol and Marjhalfea in the County of Limerick, and County of the City of Limerick, and to enable certain Truflees and Com-miffioners therein named, to pur chafe Ground whereon to ere 3 qnd build the fame, and for enabling the Honourable and Reverend Maurice Crojbie, Dean of Limerick, to fell or make Leafes in Perpetuity, of Ground in the City of Limerick, whereof be is fehced in Right of his Deanery, and to purchafe a Houfe and Offices in the faid City, for a Deanery Houfe, as in Marmes. therein fet forth.	Page	263

CHAP. LX.

An AS to enable certain Perfons^o make a Navigable Canal from the Grand Canal at Oflorjlown towards Naas, and into the adjacent Country.	265

4

CHAP. LXI.

An A3 for the Improvement of the City of Dublin, and the Environs thereof by the better Paving, Lighting, and Cleanfing the fame.	278

The Twenty-fereDth Year of GEORGE III.

CHAP. XV."

An A3 to prevent tumultuous Riftngs and AJfembltes, and for the more effiedual Punifiment of Perfons guilty of Outrage, Riot, and illegal Combination, and of admintftering and taking unlawful Oaths.	336.

CHAP.

»Google.



s

CONTENTS,

CHAP. XXt

An Aft to extcrnl the Powers given by Law to certain Perfons% of making Leafes of Lands, for the Purpofes of building arnf carrying on the Linen Manifafiure.	Page	341

CHAP. XXI.

An da for regulating the Prefentments for making the Publici Roads in the County of Down, and appropriating a Pro* portion of a Balance now in the Hands of the Treafurer of fetid County, towards the Repairs of the County Court* • Houfe.	3‘H

chap; XXII.

An A8 to render more effeQual an AS, entitled, An AS for the more fpeedy and eafy Recovery of fmall Debts \n the Manor Courts within this Kingdom, and for regulating the Cofts of Proceedings for that Purpfe therein.	34$

CHAP, XXIII.

An da for the further Jnereafi and Encouragement of Ship? ping and Navigation*	34I

CHAP. XXV.

An Aft far promoting the Improvement of Ports and Harbour; ffl this Kingdom.	^	371

CHAP. XXVII.

An AS to prevent the firing, Jetting, or otherwife improperly (Bfpcfmg of Mediterranean Pajes.	374

CHAP,

CONTENTS,

CHAP. XXVIII.

An A3 for regulating the Produd'ion of Manifejls, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Pra dices in obtaining D aunties and Drawbacks, and in the clandejline re-landing tf Goods.	^ Page	376

CHAP. XXX.

An AQ for dire ding the Actuation of the Funds granted Ay Parliament, for promoting and carrying ot^In landNavigations in this Kingdom, andfor the Purpofes therein mentioned.

39*

CHAP. XXXI.

An Ad to amend an Ad, entitled. An Ad for the further Im* provement and Extenfion of the Fi/heries on the Coq/ls of this Kingdom.	409

CHAP. XXXII.

An A3 for the better Colleflion of his Majefty’t Revenue aripng • from Forfeited Recognizances.	419

CHAP. XXXIV.

An A3 to prevent the Stealing of Dogs.	424

CHAP. XXXV.

An Ad for the Prefcrvation of the Game.	426

CHAP. XXXIX.

An A31§ explain and amend #n Ad paffed in the Twenty-ft nth Tear of his prefmt Majefiy's Reign, entitled, An Act for amending and carrying more cjfcdually into force the feveral Laws now in being for regulating tbs publick Gaols and Pri-fans throughout this Kingdom»	434

CHAP.

CONTENT*.

CHAP. XL.

sin Aftfor the better Execution of the Law, and Prcfervafm V the Peace within Counties at large.	Page	438

chap. xll.

An AS for amensfytg and making perpetual an /ft, entitled, An ASfor buying agidfelling all Sorts of Corn and Mai, and athfT Things therein mentioned, by Weighty and for the more ejft Sited preventing of Frauds committed in the buying and felling thereof	*	445

CHAP. XL II.

An AS to prevent Frauds in obtaining Bounties under feverp), Laws now in force for the Encouragement of Agriculture, and for rendering the Carriage of Corn to the City of Dublin left expenfive.	447

CHAP. XLIV.

An Aft to explain and amend an Aft paffed in the Eleventh atid *' Twelfth Tears of His p efent Majejly,' entitled, An Aft for Fudging fuch Poor as Jhall be found unable to fupptrt themfclvcs by Labour, and other wife providing for them, and for refraining fuch as Jhall be found able to fupport themfehti by Labour or Indujlry fr.m Begging.

CHAP. XLVI.

An Aft for ejlaklijhing Market furies in Cities*

CHAP. XL IX.

An Aft for amending an Aft, entitled, An Aft for diftbarg* ' ing certain Arrears of Quit, Crown, and Com of don Rents which have been growing due for Twenty Tears Jajl fafi on the Terms, end in the Manner therein mentioned.

*	'	.	457

CHAP*

45*

453

CONTENTS.

CHAP- Lll.

Atl Aet U puttijb more eJfbSually Perjbns who Jhall Steal any old Lead, Iroh Bars, or Rails, cr Iron or Brafs Knockers.	Page 45	8

CHAP. Lttl.

Ah A3 far preventing the wilful DefruQion of Turnpike Gates, and for the letter fecuring the Payment of Tolls at futh Gates.	460

CHAP. LV1L

Art AS for amending an A3 made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Tears of His prefent Majefy's Reign, entitled. An A3 for Badging fuch Poor as fhall he found unable to fupport them-felves by Labour, and other wife providing for themf andfor refraining fuch as fhall be found able to fupport themfelves by Labour and Indufry from Begging, and alfo to amend an A3 made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Tears of Hit prefent Mayfly's Reign, entitled, An A3 for amending an A3 made the laf Sejfton of Parliament, entitled, An A3 for Badging fuch Poor as Jhall be found unable to fupport themfelves by Labour, and otherwife providing for them, and for retraining fuch as Jhall be found able to fupport themfelves by Labour or Indufry from Begging*	4 61

CHAP. LIX.

Ah A3 for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road from Dublin to Dunleer.	467

CHAP. LX,

Ah AB for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge in the County of Kit* duret, and to the Twenty-one Mile Stone Wfward of the /aid Bridge.	487

CHAP.

f

CONTENTS,

The Twenty-eighth Year of GEORGE III*

CHAP, XIII.

An A3 to explain and amend an A3 pa fid tn the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Tears of his prefent Majejly*s Reign, en* titled, An A3 for ejlablijhing a PoJl-OJice within this King* dom-	.	Page	511

CHAP. XIV,

AS to amend an A3 paffed in the lajl Sfjton of Parliament, for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road from Dublin to Dunleer*	5	16

CHAP. XXIV.

An AS for repeating an A3 made in the Thirty-third Tear of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, entitled, An A3 for the EleSion of the Lord fifties, and alro for the Election of a Lord Juftice and Governor of this Realm ufpji the Event, and In the Mansur therein mentioned,	fig

CHAP. XXVII.

An AS tp explain and amend the Kkv relative an the Goafs of this Kingdom,

to the Ffhcries

5*3

CHAR XXVIII.

An AS to continue and amend an AS paffed in the Fifth Tear pf His late Majcjlfs Reign, entitled. An AS for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Neweaftle in the County of Limerick, to the City of Limerickt and from thence to At City of Cork*	5*4

CHAR

contents.

CHAP. XXIX.

An AS for the belter ofeertairung the Tithes of Hemp.

Page S2S

CHAP. XXXI.

An AS for the Amendment of the Law in certain Particular « therein mentioned\	525

CHAP. XXXII.

An AS to repeal an A9 peffed in the Twenty-eighth Tear of tb* Reign of King Henry the Eighth, entitled, Jn AS of Appeals ^ and to enable the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeperfft^ §r Lords Comm 'ijf oners fbr the Cujlody of the Great Seas of this Kingdom, for the Time being, to ijfue Commiffions If Appealfrom the Courts ttf the Arch-bykops within the Jams.	51&

CHAP. XXXV.

An ASfor the better fecu ring of Pur chafers tf Lands, under Decrees in Courts of Equity.	5 2 It

CHAP. XXXVI.

An AS to explain and amend an A3 made in the Fifth and Sixth Tears of His prdmrt Mayjly, George the Third, entitled, An A3 for tbfj/fouraging the Cultivation, and for the better Preservation of Trees, Sbrubs} Plants, and Roots.	529

CHAP, xxxvir.

An AS for the better Prefermation of Sheept and the more fptedy DeteSion Of Sheep Stealers.	531

CHAP.

CONTENTS.

r

CHAP. XXXVHL

An AS for ufng the Court-Hovfes of Counties at targe, and Counties of Cities where fttuate within the PrecinQs of the fame Counties9 for the Purpofes of both Counties, and for declaring that Gaols for Counties at large, fitvale with-in Counties of Cities, Jball he deemed Part of fuch Counties Mt large*	Page	53*

’chap. XXXIX.

An AS for building a new and convenient Gaol for the Counts of Cork, and for other Purpofes relative to the faid County,	5	3J

CHAP* XL,

jin AS for the further Payment of the Debts of the late C r-poration for promoting Inland Navigations in Ireland, by tcSifying an OmiJJion in the Schedule annexed to ihe Aft of l(fl SeJJion, entitled. An a Q for direSing the Application of the Funds granted by Parliament for promoting and carrying on Inland Navigations in this Kingdom} and for the Purpofesm therein mentioned,	.	$49

CHAi>. XLl!,

jtn	Ad for continuing the	Ads relative to Banlrufts, and for

reviving, continuing, and amending certain Temporary Statutesv

CHAP. XUII.

An AS for mak ing a Navigable Canal from the Town of Ma-lahide in the County of Dublin, to the River of Fieldjlo xvn in the faid County,	559

CHAP"

digitized by

Google

C0STEST3.

CHAP. XLVIL

M Aft to explain and aniend an Aft pajfed in the Twenty-/eventh Tear of the Reign of Hisprefeht Majefly, entitled. An .ft for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge in the County of Kildare, and to tfc Twenty-one Mile Stone Wejl-*tvard of the j'aid Bridge.	Page	$54.

CHAP* XLVIJt

An Aft for extending to the Roads leading to Dublin through Raheny and Clontarf the Provi/iotis of an 4ft pajfed in the TwentyJixlh Tear of His Majefly’t Reign, entitled. An Aft for making, widening, and repairing the Road leading from DuhTtn to Mai abide, and for erefting Turnpike Gatesf and receiving I oils thereout, in Aid of the Barony Preferments, and for appointing Truflees for carrying the faid Purpofcs into Execution, and alfo for continuing the faid /la.	559

CHAP. XL1X.

^ An Aft to explain, amend\ and render more ejfeftual an A ft pajfed in the Twenty-fixth Tear of the Reign of His preftnt Mayfly, King George the Third, Entitled, An Aft to eftablifh the Bufinefs of a Pawnbroker, and to autborife fuch Perfons as Jhall be duly qualified to carry on the fume, to lend Money on Pawns cr Pledges, and to retetve Inter eft at a higher Rate than htretofore was recoverable by Law.	573

CHAP. L.

An Aft for better /applying the City of Dublin with Watery and for extending the Powers of Grand Juriesy with Re-fpeft to the Roads lying within the County of the faid City.	587

A COL-

A	'	<

COLLECTION

’	OF

STATUTES, &c.

77-

The Twenty-fixth Year of GEORGE JIL CHAP. XIV.

An AS for making, widening, and repairing publicI Roads in	Amended a 6

the County of Dublin, and for repealing Parts of fevcral ^	^

Ads formerly made for that Purfofe,

WHEREAS it is neceflary that fome alterations fhould be made in the ads of Parliament hereto-.fore pa(T<d for making, widening, and repairing the public roads in the county of Dublin, and to avoid the confufion "that may arife from a multiplicity of ads of Parliament relative to the fame fubjed, it is expedient to repeal all parts of the fald ads which are not hereby excepted, and to frame one ad of Parliament for the fame purpofe: therefore, be it enaded by the King's mod excellent Majefty,

*Tiy and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual aiid temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this ad, fuch parts of an ad palled in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled,

An ad for more effedually amending thepubhch roads, as i elate to the county ot Dublin, except the daufc for repealing the ads of Parliament thereby repealed; and aifo an ad paffed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Majefty, entitled. An ad for making and amending public roads

Vol; VIII.	A	in

fuch piru of 5G. 3. c. 14. as relate to co. Dublin, except the repealing claufe,

and 13 & 14 G. 3 c »» ex-ccp: as haein.

A

Digitized by-

.Google

life YJ flr

If. ?.c. 44* «• ccytSs herein.

Y$4ei6G. 3. c. la

repeated.

Nothing in ?J be 16 G. 3. c. lo to exonerate the harony of Saint Sepulchre’s from payment of taxes herein.

The twentyfuth Year of George III.

in the eounty of DtshRi, and for regulating the affffng, op* plotting* atii levying of money in the county of the city of Dublin', except the claufe or claufes thereto, which conftitutc and form the baronies of Saint Sepulchre’s and Donore, out of the barony of Uppercrofs, and afeertain the number of acres, by which the refpedive baronies of Saint Sepulchre’s, Donore and Uppercrofs, are to he rated by the treafuitr in the apportioning of all money prefented to be raifed on the county at large; and except the claufe therein, which enads, that the half barony of Rathdown (hall be called and known by the name of the barony of Rathdowif, and except the claufe or daufes therein which relate to the regulating the affefling, applotting, and levying of moticr in the county of the city of Dublin, and except the clauK brdailies therein Which relate to the prefentmcht of money, which may be recovered from Charles Alder, his executor* or adminiftrators, or from his fureties, their executors or adminiftrator^; andalfo an ad palled in the nineteenth and twentieth years of his prefent Majefty, entitled. An ad to amend an ad for making and amending pubhek roads in tie court-ty of Dublin, and for regulating the applottmg and levying of money in the county of the city of Dublin ; except fuch claufe or claufcs therein as relate to the carrying out coal afhes, horfe dung, or rubbifti, on cars boarded with frame-work, an<J except fuch claufe or claufes therein as r late to the failure of William Bayly, late treafurer of the faid county, and to the application of whatever fum may be recovered from the faid William Bayly, or any of his fureties; and except fuch claufes therein as repeal any claufe or daufes in the ad of the fifteenth and fixteenth of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad for paving tfse Jlreets, lanes, quays, bridge,t, fmtares, courts, and alfeys, within the city and county of the city of Dublin, ani other purpofes relative to the faid city of Dtdd'm+ and other places therein particularly mentioned; and Jor ase-tending the provi/ions of the faid ad to the baronies of Saint Scputibrds and Donore, be repealed, and made null and void.

II.	Provided always. That nothing in the faid ad of the fifteenth and fixteenth of his prefent Majefty contained (hall be conftrued to extend to the exonerating of the land-holders or inhabitants of the barony of Saint Sepulchre’s from paying the proportionable part of the taxes, or afieflments which fhall be prefented on the county at large, according to the table in this ad herein after preferibed ; any thing contained in the faid recited ad to the contrary thereof in any wife not with (landing.

III.	And whereas great difficulties are occafioned bypre-fcntment8 for levying money upon the county of Dublin,

3

fie t&tntyJtxl% Teeor pf George III*

bring made at the four general dinner feffions of the peace for the fald county, and at the four terms at the coun of King’s-beoch: be it ena&ed by the authority afore fa id* xhat from and after the palling of this ad> it (hall not be lawful for any grand jury of the* county of Dublin to pre-fent, or for the judges or juftices of any court to allow any prefenunent for the railing or levying any money off the County of Dublin at large. Or off aoy barony within the faid county, except atEaffer, and Michaelmas term in every year; and at every fuch term the clerk of the crown, or hi* deputy, (hall in open court, previous to the adminiftcring* the oath of a grand juror, frrear on the holy evangdifta each jperfon called as a gtand juror, true anfwcrs to make to fuch tfdeftions as (hall be demanded of him, touching his quZlifi* cation in eitate as a grand juror of the faid county, and (hall then demand whether he is feized and poffeffed, or in receipt of the rents of *n eft ate In fee* Or for life or lives, in land*, tenements, < r hereditaments, fituate within the in id county, of the deal yearly value of fifty pounds, over and above all rent and charges payable out of the fame, and in what ba» rony or baronies fuch eitate or freehold 1 es j or whether he ts next in remainder or reverfion to an eflate in fee, for life or live*, In lands, tenement*, or hereditaments, fituate within the faid county, of the clear yearly value of one hundred pounds, over and above alt charges payable out of the fame, and in what barony or baronies fuch eitate or freehold lies; or whether he is poilVficd or in the receipt of the rent! of a kafehold intereft or lezfehold ioterefts in lands in the faid cotiftty of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, Over and above all rent and charges payable out of the fame, for a term whereof twenty one years at the leaft are unex* jpired; and in what barCny or baronies fuch lands lie, or Whether be holds and occupies, and is liable to pay Cefs for two hundred acres of land at the lead in the (aid County, and in what barony or baronies they ate fituated; and no perfott (hail be admitted to take the grand juror’s oath for the County of Dublin, at either of thefe tehns, unlef* by* his anfwer to iuch of the Paid que&ions as (hall be fo demand* ed of him, he (hall appear to hive feme One of the qualifications in refpe't to eitate in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the (aid county, which (hall be fo enquired of.

IV.	And for the purpofe of giving the grand juror* time, carefully to infpe& into the bufineU of the cotlnty 5 be it enacted by the authority afbrefaid, That every affidavit to ground a prefentmCttt or to account for work done, (hall be lodged with the feCretary of the grand jury, four days at leaft before the firft fitting day of each term in which fuch A *	prc«

No \ tefent-racntiuco Dublin, except at Eafter and MU

Affidavits (bf rrefemments, 8rc (hall be lodged with the fetretary 4 days before the term, as herein.

Digitized by

4C	tterrify•flxth Tear §f Gecfrgelll.'

preferment (hall be applied for, or account offered, and* every perfott lodging an affidavit to ground a prefentment/ or to account for work done, (hall pay to the fecretary the fum of one (hilling and one penny, to enable him to keep an office and clerks, and to provide proper books and paper ; and every perfon lodging fuch affidavits, may, if he thinks proper, demand from the faid fecrctarv, who upon demand, (hall give without fee or reward, an acknowledgment in writing, that he had received fuch affidavit and account ; and every affidavit fo lodged, (hall by the faid fecre-	I

tary be clafled regularly to the county at large, or the ba-	I

* tony to which they belong, and a lift (hall be fo made of ! them when xlafled ; whicji lift, together with all fuch affidavits, (hall by the faid fecretary be delivered to the grand | jury on the firft fitting day of the term next after fuch affidavits have been lodged with him, and it (hall not be lawful for any grand jury to receive any affidavit to ground a preferment, or to account for work done, except fuch as (hall be inferted in fuch lift, and fo delivered to them by their fit-•retary on the firft fitting day of fuch term.

©verfemto V. And be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That he appointed,	** (hall be lawful for the grand jury of the faid county at

as herein.	any Eafter or Michaelmas term, to prefent two or more pro-

per perfons as overfeers to condu&, fuperintend, and fee executed, any building, or the making any new road, or foot path, or the repairing, widening, or making fences to, or levelling, or (lopping up of* any old road or foot-path, or for the removing of any old bridge, in confequence of any preferment of a grand jury of the faid county, in either of thole terms, and to allow the overfecr or overfeers, who (hall be by the faid grand jury appointed to attend, and (hall accordingly attend the execution of fuch Work, to retain out of the money to be preferred for fin h work, twelve pence for each pound of the money fo preferred that he or they (hall expend iu the execution of fuch work ; and that on the defire of any overfeer to be difeharged from the office, or *on proof that any overfeer to be fo appointed, is an improper perfon, or negledts to execute his duty, or the truft repoled in him, it (hall and may be lawful for the grand jury of the faid county in any term, to remove fuch overfeer, and to appoint another fit perfon in his place; and alfo, that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid grand jury at any term,

-	to appoint an overfeer in the place of any overfeer who may

happen to die before the work which (hall be prefented (hall be executed ; provided that previous to the removal of any fuch overfeer, the fecretary of the grand jury (hall give notice in writing to luch overfeer, that he muft at a time in fuch notice to be fpecificd, not left than three days after the 4 i	fervice

niniti^rlhv G00gle

Tht twentyfixth Tear ^George III.

^exvice of fych notice, attend the grand jury, to anfwertl$£ complaint agaiuft him ; and if‘fuch perfon (hall bedifcharg-cd by the grand jury, it (hall be lawful for the clerk of the crown to erafe the name of fuch overfeer out of the original prefentment, and to infert in its place the name of the perfon to be appointed overfeer, in ’the (lead of the petfoii To to be removed, and notice (hall be fent by the fecretary to fuch perfon that he is fQ djfmifled : provided, That no overfeer (hall be dilmifTed after any part of the work has beei* executed: and provided alfo, That no treafurer, nor col^ le&or of the public money, infpe&or, nor fecretary, no^ if the preferments (hall be for any building, anj mafon, bricklayer, or carpenter (liall at any time be appointed an overfeer.	~	'	*

, VI. And whereas the prefentments of money by the grand juries for faid county, of late years have ariferf td a very coufidcrable fum ; for the purpofe of limiting""'the* amount of money, and to fet forth for what purpofes only^ the grand jury of the county of Dublin (hall prefect any[ money to be raifed dr levied on the faid couhty^atlajge^o? on any of the baronies within the faid courtlybe it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That front and aftet'fhe pafffin# of this aft, the grand jury of the county x>f‘Dtimin, at £ach Eafter and Michaelmas term, may prefent upon the county at large all fuch fuins as they (hall deem neceflary for building, re-building, or repairing court-houfes, gaols, >vork-houfcs, or houfes of corredlion, bridges,, walls to embank and keep the fea from any public roads, 6r to fupport any part of a publick road, or to protect paffengers from dangerous precipices or quarry liwles lying at the fide of any road or bank pf earth from falling in upon a road, or for pipes, fewers, or gullets; provided, That it (hall not b? lawful for the grand jury to prefent money to build any new coiirt-houfe, gaol, work* houfe, or houfe of correction, bridge, or fea-wall, or new road, unlefs it (hall appear to them by the certificate of the foreman, or twelve of the grand jury ^f the preceding term, that the affidavit to ground fuch prefentment had been laid before them, together with the plan, elevation, and ellimate, and that they approved thereof, but it (hall be lawful for the grand jury at any Eafter or Michaelmas term, to prefent for the repaii# of any court-houfe, gaol, work-honfe, or houfe of correction, or fea-wallr or bridge, though no plan, affidavit, or eftimate had been laid before the preceding grand juiy : and provided, That if any bridge or fea-wall, or wall to fupport ?ny road be the boundary, or if the road which it is tofup-port be the boundary between the county of Dublin and £ny other county, it (ball not be lawful for the grand jury

t9

i

A. D,

Chap. ‘14,

, PrefentTici/ii may be made ior the pur poles, as Herein.

Digitized by

A. D. 178*

Chap. ,14,

Or«*aj*rrto

«f poiot * pcrfan to accept from fir Nicholas JLawlcfs, a convey awe of fo much of G«i-lnwa-hill, at deemed tuffi eject for eie&icg I county gaol, fi^c. at herein.

Tie	Year	of	George	III,

to prefent more than one half of the fum that ftich bridge or wall Anil have been eflimatcd to coft, an 1 no affidavit accounting fw>r the money expended in executing fuch prefent-spent fhall be allowed by the grand jury, unlcfs it (hall appear to thejn by affidavit, that an equal fum had been granted by the county adjoining, and had been expended in building or repairing fuch bridge or wall,

VII.	And whereat the prefent gaol of the county of Publin is fituated in a low unhealthy place, and ia in every Ijefpcct inefficient to oontain and keep fecurely the number of perfons that are frequently committed thereto, on which account the piand jury of the county have prefented the fum of nine hundred fifty-three pounds fixteen (hillings and two pence, to be levied upon the county, and applied towards crewing a new and commodious gaol after a plan by them approved, the eftiirate thereof amounting to the fum of feven thousand feven hundred and thirty-xeven pounds twelve (hillings and ten pence j and as that part of the com* iron of Kilmalnham in the lordfiiip or manor of Kilmnin-lam in the faid county of Dublin, and known by the pame of Gallowfehill, is deemed the mod airy and convenient (cite for a county gaol, and as fir Nicholas Lawlefs, baronet, to whom the lordihip or manor of Kilmair.bam now appertains, has genercufly propofed to permit a new gaol for the faid county to he there erefled : he it ena&td by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for the grand jury of the faid county, by prefentment at any of thp lour terms, to authorize and appoint any perfon or perfons whom they (hall think proper, to accept from the fafd fir Nicholas Lawlefs, his heirs or affigng, an effe&ual conveyance or afiuranpe to fuch perfon or perfons, his or their heirs for ever, of fuch part and fo much of the faid common of Kihnainham called Gallows-hil), as fuch grand jury (hall by fuch presentment exprefs to be necefiary or convenient fpr the purpofe of erefting and building thereon fuch county gaol, and making convenient and necefiary approaches, yards and offices thereto, fubjedf to and under the yearly rent of one pound tterling, payable unto the faid fir Nicholas Lawlefs, his heirs and afiigns for ever; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid fii Nii cholas Lawlefs, baronet, his heirs pr a|figns, by deed indented, and tp be enrolled within fix months after the execution thereof, to make fuch effectual conveyance or afitir-pace of the faid pretniffes to fuch perfoo or perfons, his and their heirs for ever, at and under fuch yearly rent at aforefaid, upon truft, and to the intent and purpofe, that ©q the prcmiScs fo to be conveyed and affured^ there may

TAr	Tear Gwiye UL	f

be*rc&e& built, md made, fuch county not, mitbcoove* A* IX nient and neceflary approaches offices and yards thereto.	1?86>

VIII.	. Provided, That no land to be fo conveyed or af- Chap. 14. fured to filch* perfon or perfons for fuch purpose at aforefaid,

(hall make or be reputed to make fuch perfon or perfoos	make

His or their heirs or affigns or any. perfon or perfona under veyedt^^ftw-him, them, or any of them, claiming or deriving as free? holier, holder or freeholders to any intent or porpofe of far what* foever.

IX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrefafd.	The rent of Tnat from and after the execution of fuch conveyance of ^ U*7 annum ■ affurance by the (aid fir Nicholas Lawlefs his heirs or

affigns, the faid annual rent of one pound fterling (haft he chofa.^wl^.

levied upon the county of Dublin, by prefentment of the

grand jury of the (aid county at Eafter term in every year,

and be paid to the faid fir Nicholas Lawlefs baronet, his.

heirs or affigns.

X.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefoid,	?*.,

That after the faid new gaol (hall be fo ere&ed, it (hall be efted, the lawful for the gran i jury of the faid county at any Eafter old may fee

or Michaelmas term, frith the confent of the court of fold, &c. King’s Bench, to prefent the old gaol of Kilmainham, and the ground upon which it (lands to be fold by public; cant, and the money, arifing from fuch foie to be paid into the bank of Ireland for the ufe of the county, or to pro*, font the faid gaol to be a marihalfea, work-houfe, or houfe: of correction for the faid county; and it (hall be lawful for the grand jury, at any Eafter or Michaelmas term, to^aid^romTkiT prefont one main or pipe of the bore of three inches to be ^ai^ntfee laid in the mod convenient line to convey water from the new gaol, Grand Canal to the faid intended new gaol, and accordingly as hexem. at all times to convey water through the fome, and to pre* font at each Eafter term, a fum not exceeding twenty pounds to be raiftd upon the county at large, and paid aa a rent to the company of undertakers of the Grand Canal for the ufe of the water to be fo Conveyed, if they (hall demand the fame; but it (hall not be lawful to lay any fuch main or pipe into the faid Canal without the confent of the faid company of undertakers ; provided, that if the fum to be agreed upon as a com pen fat ion (hall not be fo psefented, it (hall be lawful for the foid company of undertakers of the Grand Canal to prevent the foid water from being taken for the ufe of the foid gaol, fo long as fuch compensation (hall remain unprefonted by the grand jury or grand juries of the foid county, or if it (hall appear to the grand jury of the foid county, that any other water can he more conveniently conveyed.through pipes or by a water courfe, to fupply the foid intended gad upon more rcafonsbk or equal terms*

then

Digitized by Google

&

Perfon* ar-

fjieved by fitch p^pes or water courfe,, may enter a travcifc;

ohftni&ing tV laying Jueh pipe®, -or the*-waking the \rar*r courfe, penalty 5L

dcflroylng or j-iiuring the pipe or water «n»rfe. &cc. penalty 50I. or 1 year** iuiprifon-Lient.

The twenty-ftxth Tear of George III.

then, and in that cafe, it (hall b* lawful for-the grand* jury to prefent at each Eafter term the fum that they may agree : for to be railed upon the county at large, and paid to the proprietor or proprietors of any fuch water for the life of fuch water, and to prefent at any Eafter or Michaelmas term, fuch pipes to be laid or water courfe to be made to convey fuch water to the intended new gaol, and to raifc the amount of the expence of laying fuch pipes, or making~fuch water courfe upon the county at large

XI.	Provided always. That if any perfon or perfons fhaH think they may be injured by the palling of fuch pipes or .water courfes through their lands, they may at the faid term, or the term immediately following, enter in open court a traverfe to the faid prefentment, and the grand jury trying fuch traverfe (hall true verdiA give, whether any and what damage willarifcto the perf.m or perfons fo travelling, and the verdiA fo found (hall be conclufivc to the party or parties, and either in the fame or the next fucceeding term, the grand jury of tlie faid county may prefent fuch fum fa found, to be railed upon the county at large and paid to fuch traverfer or travellers, and upon the fum fo found be-> ing paid or tendered, it (hall be lawful for the overfeers op perfons employed by them, to proceed to caufe the faid main or pipe to be laid, or water courfe to be made $ and if any perfon or perfons (hall obftruA the overfeera, or the perfon or perfons employed, laying fuch main or pipe, or making fuch water courfe, and (hall be conviAed thereof before any one juftice of the peace for the faid county, either upon confeflion of the party accufed, or upon the oath pf one credible witnefs, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be paid to the treafurer of the county infirmary for tlve life of the infirmary, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of the perfon or perfons fo offending upon the warrant of the jullice of the peace before whom complaint (hall be made; and the better to ,preferve the faid pipe or main, or water courfe, when laid or made, if any perfon or jM?rfons (liaH wilfully deftroy or injure any part of the laid pipe or main or water ccurfc fo as to prevent the water from regularly and fully flowing to the faid gaol, or (hall infert any cock or pipe into any part of the faid main, or make any cut to divert the water to any other purpofe, but that of fupplying the faid intended new gaol, and (hall ujfon indiAment at any quarter feflions to be held in and for the county of Dublin, be conviAed thereof, he, fhe, or they (hall be committed to the county gaol, and (hall there remain in clofe confinement for one year, or until he or fhe (hall pay a fine of fifty pounds, ono }ialf thereof to the treafurer.of ihc cqunty infirmary for ah*

/	~	ufc

9

The twentyfixth Tear of George IIL

ufe of the faid infirmary, and the other half to the perfon or AT D. perfons who (hall difeover and caufe the faid offender or of* 1786. fenders to be con rifted.	Chap. 14-

XII. And whereas it would be a confiderable faving of	——* the public money if all materials ufed in ereding expenfive Pan of efti-butidings were purchafed for ready money, and the workmen n^d expeiice regularly paid ; it (hall be lawful for the grand jury at any ^ advanced^* * term to prefent and the court to allow, where the eftimate overfeers,

for the building fuch work (hall exceed the fum of one huri% as herein, tired pounds* fuch jpart of the fum prefented at any Eafter or Michaelmas term, for the purpofe of ereding any fuch building as they may judge proper to be paid, in advance to the overfeers prefented to conchid the execution of fuch works, to enable them to purchafe the materials upon the bed and mod advantageous terms, upon the faid overfeers filtering into a recognizance before the court of King’s Bench in double the fum fo to be • advanced, conditioned that they will apply the money fo to be advanced for the purpofe for which the fame was prefented, and none other; and that they will'at the next and every fuccecding term, until’the whole of fuch money (hall be accounted for, bdlly and truly account for fuch money in manner and form by this ad? required, or to be required by any law which hereafter may be made relating to the fame $ and that they, their heirs, {executors, or adminiilrators (hall pay to the treafurer, dir the time being, of the faid county of Dub-Jin, any balance or part of fuch money which (hall not by Juch account appear to have been applied for the purpofe aforefaid, upon an order for fuch payment being made by -the faid .court of King’s Bench, and due fervice of fuch order.

XIII.	And be it further enabled, That fuch overfeers Ovrrfemt© /.iall at fuch times as aforefoid, lay before the grand jury

and the court, a juft and fair account in writing of all and court -n ac-every the expenditures and expenditure of fuch money fo to count of ex-<be advanced to them, and the particular purpofes for which re«<bturc», ficc. the fame was expended, and the quantities and prices of asllcrcys-each material bought therewith, and fuch account (hall be verified by affidavit in writing at the foot thereof, to l-c ..made In the faid court of King’s Bench, in open court by one of the faid overfeers, and (hall (late, that the whole of -the money fo expended, was fo expended for the foie pur-pofe of executing the work purfuant to the presentment; and when any fuch work (hall be ftnifhed, and the accounts of the overfeers approved and palled by the grand jury and the xourt, ia the form direded by this ad, it (hall vbe ordered by the court, that all fuch recognizances fo entered into,

^ball at the next Eafter or Michatlmas term be vacated,

and

Digitized by

to

A. V.

1786. Cha1,4.

Tba twmtp/M TZar ef Gtof^BE

and tfeey'(hall be vacated accordingly, if no complaint (hall be laid befoie the grand jury, and the couit loJiidentlyy proved to grou >d a.i order of the court to the contrary p and providrd, that if there be any baance unexpended, a certificate of the treafurer of the county (hall be laid before tire grand jury and the court, (Vttir.g forth, that he had! received the (kid balance, and placed it to the credit of the county v and it (hall be lawful for the grand jury at eadfc Eafter and Michaelmas term, to prefent on the county fifty* pounds, to be paid to the treafurer of the county it firmary* towards the fupport of the faid infirmary; ten pounds to the fecretary of the grand jury, for his attendance at the feveral terms; and any fum not exceeding ten pounds to the officiating chaplain for attending the priioners in the gaol of Kilmainham or work-houfes, and feeing the county bread di&ributed to them ; and any fum not exceeding fit* teen pounds for the apothecary, for his attending the pri-loners, and providing medicine* for them ; fix teen pounds to the clerk of the peace for his falary, and keeping the re* cords of the turnpike roads; and any fum not exceeding twenty two pounds to the clerk of the peace for difchsrg-ing prifoners tried at the quarter feffions without fees 3 and any fum not exceeding twenty two pounds to the clerk of the crown for difeharging prifoners without ftes, tried at the terms or com millions of general gaol delivery; four pounds eleven (hillings to the cryer of the court of King's Bench; four pounds eleven (hillings to the cryer of the quarter ftfiions ; four pounds eleven (hillings to the court keeper of the court of King’s Bench 3 four pounds eleven (hillings to the fecretary of the quarter feifions for attending the grand jury, and drawing their preferments; and any fum not exceeding ten pounds to the (heriff for diif-charging the prifoners without fees, tried at the terms, commimons, or quarter fefiions ; twelve pounds ten (hillings to the gaoler of Kilmainham, or county gaoler for his falary ; and any fum not exceeding five pounds to the gaoler of the county gaol for difeharging without fees, all prifoners that were in his cuftody when tried at the King’s Bench, commiflions, or quarter fefiions; and a fum not exceeding ten pounds as a falary for the keeper of any work houfe or houfe of corre&ion that may hereafter be eflahliih-ed in the county feparate from the county gaol; and a fum not exceeding ten pounds to the fub-(heriff of the county, for building and providing gallows’s, bolts, (hackles, or pillories, and attending the execution or punifhment of criminals ; and a (urn not exceeding four pounds as a rent for the guard room at Kilmainham,

XIV. At4

Digitized by

tfbe twentyJtxtb Year qf Georgy lit	|!**

XIV. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaitf, That	A•

it (hall be lawful for the grand jury at ench Ealtcr and Mi- 178& chaelmas term, to prefcntr on the county at large, aft fuch Chap. 14. , fums as to them (hall appear by aifi. avit to have been necef-larily expended for draw for the prifoners in the county Grand jury gaol, or work-houfe, or houfc of correction, for bread for the prifoners, for tranfpmting convt&s, for tranfmitting funded» prifoners charged with capital or other public offences, to or herein; from gaol to gaol, not exceeding fix pence per mile, for conveying prifoners to trial or execution, or any neceflTary petty exptmces attending the gaol, grand jury room, and judices hall at Kilmaihham; and that to enable the grand	^

jury toprefent proper fums for thofc purpofcs, there (hall be £oUobc laid before the grand jury, by th£ gaoler of the faid coun- laid before tha ty, at each Eafter and Michaelmas term, a calendar of his grand jtny; gaol fince the lad Eafter or Michaelmas term, with the date of the committal and difeharge of each prifoner, and a weekly lid of the prifoners ferved with bread, figned by the chaplain 5 and it (hall be lawful for the grand jury at any	fom, necd&-

Eafter or Michaelmas term, to prefent on the county at ry to carry on large, all fuch fum or fums as (hall be ncceffarily expended jijiccuuons, by perfons appointed to conduft any fuit for the recovery of *Cm public money, or for profecuting colle&ors or condables that (hall not account for the public money they are to collect, or for profecuting any overfeer accufed with having	v

falfely accounted, or for defending any preferment for making any new road that (hall'be traverfed, and which the grand jury (hall have dirc&ed to be defended,

XV.	Provided, That it (hall appear to the grand jury

and to the court, by affidavit fworn before one of the judges PcndKurc* of the court of KingVbench, that fuch fum hath been faithfully expended, and that the bill of cods had been taxed by the proper officer of the court in which fuch fuit or fuitt fhall be carried on or defended.

XVI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Preferments the grand jury at every Eader and Michaelmas term, may fa new roads, prefent any fums that they may find necefiary to be levied

off any barony (the barony of Saint Sepulchre's excepted) for laying out, torming, levelling, and moulding any new road, or new foot-path through any part of the barony; and to prefent fuch new road, or new foot-path to be shade.

XVII.	provided, That fuch new road or foot-path, (hall Such road hot pafs through the deer-park of any perfon, or through not to P*fj any field or garden enclofcd with a wall five feet high at mention-lead, built with lime and done, or bricks, or through any c<j.

Jioufe or office built with lime and done, or bricks, or ffoough any dwelling-houfc of twenty feet in length, and -	fourteen

Digitized by kjOOQle



w-	The	twentyfixth	Tear of George III.

Ar D* fourteen feet in breadth in the clear ; or through orcharditrf 1786. fix years growth, unlefs the confeut in writing of the owitrr Chap' 14. and occupier be tirft obtained; and it (hall be lawful for the grand jury at the faid terms to prcfcnt any old road to be widened, by taking down or removing any ditches or fences, and to prefent on any barony (the barony of Saint Sepulchre's excepted) fuch fums as they (hall find neccffary to widen or level any old road, and to make ditches or fences in the place of any that (hall be taken down in order to widen any old road, or to gravel any new road or foot path, or to repair and gravel with fmall ttohes, or gravel any old road or foot-path, or to make fences to enclofe on either 1	fide,	any new road, or build and enclofe a fufficient barony

pound and habitation for a pound-keeper, or to ered flocks at the requell of any magiflrate refiding in the barony, or for ilandard feales and weights for the ufe of the barony, or for the flopping up any old road, or for .mile Hones or finger-pofls from the caftle of Dublin upon any of the great roads herein after named.

XVIII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the grand jury fhall not make any prefentment for the levying any fum of money, either on the county at laive or any particular barony, For executing any kind of w'ork, unlefs an affidavit, fworn before a juflice of the peace of the county, to ground the. prefentment in one or other of the follow ing forms as nearly as the cafe may require, fhall be laid before them ; that is, if the prefentment is to be for ere&ing any court-hoyfc, gaol, work houfe, houfe of correct ion, bridge or w all, to embank and keep out the fea from any read:

Form of affi- County of Dublin to wit, u A.B. and C. D. do each CTe-aireJny	for	himfelf fwe/tr, that he ij pffijfed	fjiate of

court-liouic &c. ffiy pturuh a year in the county of Dublin, and that they believe t	it is ntceffiry to build a	at

in the /aid county ; and that they caufed the annexedplan, chva* iion, and ejlintate to If made by E. F. who is Jh tiled in work of that bind, and to the brjl of iheir judgment it is a reafunable (Jlimate, and that they believe the work could not be executed in a proper and fubjlantial manner for a efs fum	and if the

if for repair affidavit be for the repairing any of the above works, or inpiuth work*, for building any pipe, ltwcr, gullet, or common wail to *tc. the aitcra- fUpp0rt any part of a road, iuftea.d of the words, “ is pof-b^nude lnM1 Meti °f freehold ejlatc of fifty founds a year” there fhall be 9	infer!cd the w ords, “ holds, occupies, and if liable to pay cefs

fur ten acres of land in the barony of	" and

x infkad of the words, “ build q	"	(hall be in-

luted the words, “ repair thf	99	and	the w'ords

'	plan)

if far a new

if for a ntw road or foot

Tie MMr^y&iHTeaf ^'George III.

*pldn, elrotititot and" (hall be omitted, and the annexed <eftt. mate (hall fet forth the quantity of each particular work ne-<e(Tary to be done, and price of the workmanlhip by the perch, fquare yard, or foot, according to the nature of the yrork, and the price feparately of every material to be ufed, with the place from whence each is to be drawn, and the distance thence to the intended work ; if the affidavit be to ground a prefentment for a new road, inftead of the words road,

14 is neceffiary to build a	at99 there (hall be

Jpfertcd the words “ wotdd be very vfeful and neceffary for jbe public to open a new road from	to

in the parijb of	;M	and indead of the

words, 44 plan, elevation," there (hall be infcrted the word, t‘furtjey if the affidavit be for a new foot-path, indead if for*foot of the words, u build a	at	99 there path,

fhaU be inferted the words, w make a new foot-path on or by the fide of the road leading from	to

and the words, “ plan, elevation, and9 (hall be omitted; knd to every affidavit to ground a prefentment either for a new road, or a new foot-path, after the word **fum99 (hall be added, 44 and that they caufed a notice to be left at the kali-tation of every perfon holding or occupying the lands through * which the feud intended road or foot-path is to be made, at leafl twenty days brfore the date of the affidavit, which notice did Jef forth that application would by them he made to the grand jury the fir/l day of the next term, to prefent the faid road or foot-path to be made, and that they caufed a fimilar notice that application would for \hat purpofe he made to the grdnd jury, to be pojled on the church-door of each parj/b through which fuch road or foot-path is intended to pafs, on the Sunday next before the application was made to the grand jury, if there is a church in which divine fervice is performed, and if not, in fome con-fpicuous place in the parijb where notices are ufually pojled ; and the annexed edimate if for'a new road, (hall fet forth that

it is an edimate for making a new road 44 from	...._ ^........

in the barony of	to	in	the	what	it	fhall	fct

barony of	99	and	(hall particularize forth.

the intended breadth of the road, and the number of

perches that it is to pafs through each town land in eadh

barony, together with the fum it -will require to lay it out,

to make level, and monld it through each town kind; and

the fum neceffary to make feqces on each fide through each

town land.

if the annex* edeftimatc be for a new road.

XIX.	Provided always, That no prefentment (hall be prefentment* • snide for gravelling any fuch new road for fix month* after it for gravelling fhall have been fo made, levelled, moulded, and accounted in 6 months, for; and the annexed effimate, if for making a new foot- wherein

path,

M

Affidavit for* loot path by two, holding each »o acres.

The twmtyftKth TeOrjfCmotgt tit*

path, 'mtA contain the intended breadth, the number

perches in length, the place it commences, and where it ends, and the diRance from the caRle of Dublin, particti<* laming the town lands, and parifh it it to.pafs through, and the fum necdfary to make fuch foot-path, with Riles it through fields, or at the fide of the road without Rilet# with the diRaqec of the gravel pit, the town-land that fuch

?>it is on, and in whole occupation, and the.price that it ufficient for drawing Rones or gravel by the cart-load, of at leaR ten hundred weight, or the car-load, of at fcaR fire hundred weight*

XX.	And provided. That if the affidavit be to ground a presentment for a foot-path, it may be made by two per* font holding each ten acres of land i and if the affidavit bo to ground a prefentment for gravelling and repairing anf road or foot-pith it (hall be -in the following form, at actf as the cafe will admit x

Form of sffi davit, if for gravelling and repairing any road or footpath.

44 County of Dublin. A* B* of	pul	G.D. of

do each for hmjelf fwestr, Thai be holds and tt liable to pay cefs for ten acres of land in the barony of and that they have lately meafuttd perches of the road from	to

which Jaidperches are between	on the

land of	in the paAfh of	and

on the land of	in	the	partjh of

and are all in the barony of nr are bounded on onejide by the barony of	or

the cou dyjof	and the other Jiit by the barony

of	and that every part of thefaia perches is

tiow	feet	wide,	between the dit.hes, drains, or

fences, and is fufficietuly level fer a carriage to pafs throughout the whole of faid width, and that it will require in the whole the fum of	being at the rateof

fillings by the perch, including gverjcirs wages, at one filling in the pound, to repair the faid	perches

.with gravel or fmallfonts,	feet wide, which

tn their opinion is a fuJLient width, and which they verily be-lieve is the leaf Jim the (aid	perches can be fuf-

fciently repairedfor, and that the gravel pit or quai ty mof am* venient and proper toufe ie on the town land of mow in the occupation of	and	is	the diftance of

perches from the greater part of the faid perches to be repaired, and that we compute that it will require cart loads of gravel or fmallfonts, weighing each ten hundred weight, at the leaf, or	car*

loads, weighing at the leaf fve hundred weighty to repair each -perch, onewith the other, and ikpt we con/tdcr	pence

P"

Thetwmtyjisetl Tatar of George III.	tj

jftr cnrt-load, or	fence per car-load, % te 8 A Ii*

tea fanatic and fufficient pritc for drawing the Jlones or gravel to	1786.

make the food tefak” If'the affidavit be to ground a pre- Chap. 14. fenttflent to gravel and repair a foot-path, the word "road9* V— fhall be omitted, and the word •* foot-fath” inferred, and if to gravel the words, “ or are bounded on one Jide by the barony of	1	^ogt*

or county of	and on the other Jide

by the bai^ony of	99 (hall be omitted, andalfo

the words, “ between the ditches, drains, or fences, and is fuf-fici ently levd for a carriage to paft throughout the -whole of the Jaid width” (hall be omitted: provided, that if the footpath to. be repaired, be more than three miles from the Cattle of Dublin, the price per perch for gravelling and repairing (hall not exceed two (hillings, or three (h'llings, if the foot-path be within three miles of the faid Cattle, or fix pence per fquare yard for paving any foot-path that (hall be prefented to be paved ; and if the affidavit be to ground a affidavit for preferment to widen any old road, every part of the affida- widening an old vit for gravelling and repairing a road after the words M one road-JtUIing in the pound” (ha11 be omitted, and there (hall be added, a to widen tie faid	perches	to

feet which we think is neeejfary to It don% and $0 make	perches of fences tn the room of thofe

that Jball betaken down, and that we caufedo notice to be left at the habitation of every per (on whofe ditches or fences are ne* ceffary to be removed, twenty days before the date of this ajida-vif, which notice didfit forth, that application would be made to the grand jury of thejirjl day of the then next term, to pre* fent the find road to be widened, by taking down and removing he fences, walls, or boufes on the lands of	!9

XXI.	Provided always. That if the occupier of the Occupier may land (hall defire to make fuch fence himfelf, the overfeer make the fence, (hall pay to the occupier the fum prefented for making as herein, fuch fence, as foon as he (hall compleat the fame according to the preferment; and provided, that it (hall not be law^

Ful for any overfeer to take down any fence, or to fill up **y gripe of a ditch, in order to widen any road, unleis m prefentment had been patted for that purpofe, or a written leave had been obtained, by fuch overfeer from the occupier.

XXII And provided alfor That it (hall not be lawful No wall $ for the grand jurjr to prefent, or the judges to allow any fat high, dwel-prefentment to widen any old road, by pulling down any ling-houfe, Scc. wall of five feet high, built with lime and ttone, or bricks,’ to he pu.led or any part of any dwelling-houfe, out-houfe, or office, or dcrdngany^ld fence to a court-yard, garden, or orchard, except the part road, except to be wutaaed is within fix miles of the Caftic of Dublin, « herein.

and

Digitized by v^ooQle

7be twentjfixth Teat of George III.

and il part of one of the great roads following, that is lay, the road from Howth to Dublin, through Ratheny and the Black Quarry; the road from Skerries and Mala* hide to Dublin, by Coolock and Balgriffin ; the road from Naul to Dublin, through Glafnevin ; the road from Slane to Dublin, by Saint Margaret’s and Finglas; the road from Ratoatli to Dublin, by CardifPs-Bridge ; the road from Lucan to Chapel-ixod, by Knock maroon-hill; they road from Bleflington to Dublin, by Tallagh; the road from Wicklow to Dublin, by Rathfarnham ; the road from Powcrfcourt to Dublin, by Dundrum and Miltown ; the road from Wicklow to Dublin, by Donnybrook-bridge ; the road from Dalkey to Dublin, by Baal's-bridge and RingVcnd, or any of the turnpike roads leading into the city of Dublin; and provided, that where any road is propofed to be widened to a greater breadth than twenty-one feet, the affidavit to ground fuch prefentment, (hall be made by two fireeholderi, pofTefTed of at lead fifty pounds a year, in fee, or for life, in the county; and in fuch cafe; after the words €i which we tliink is neceflary to be done,** (hall be added the words, “ being within fix miles of the Caftle of Dublin, and on the road from	by

to Dublin which road named in fuch affidavit, (hall be one or other of the roads herein before particularly mentioned.

. XXIII. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That where any road is bounded on each fide by different baronies, the baronies in the county, only one half of the fum neceflary to be expended, (hall be laid upon each barony, and the affidavit to ground fuch prefentment may be made by perfons occupying ten acres of land in either barony, if the prork to be dooc, does not by this a & require the affidavit to be made by freeholders; and if the road be meared on one fide by any barony of the county of Dublin, and on the other fide by any other county, then the money prefented (hall not be expended, unlefs an equal fum is prefented by fuch other county, and expended upon the wprk.

XXIV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall not be lawful for the grand jury to prefent any .	old road to be flopped up, unlefs there is another road to

^	anfwer the purpofes of fuch old road, and that an affidavit

oath „	to ground fuch prefentment, was Lid before them in the

folio wing form:

County of ^ W E A. B .of	and C. D.	of

Dublin- )	do	each	for	himfelf fwear, that w

and each of us are pojffftd of a freehold in the county of Dublin, of ai leaf fifty founds a year, and that we confuler that

part

Whcn»he

baronies, expence to be divided, tec.

Noprefeat-tneot (or (topping an old

Oath.

The twentyJtxth Tear of George III.	tj

fart of the old road from	to	lying

between	on	the town land of	and

on the townland of	to	lb	ufelefs at a

road, and proper to be Jlopped up, there being another road that etnf evert the purpofe of the part we think Jhould be Jlopped up ; and that fx days before the date of tbit affidavit, we caufed a notice in writing to be left at the habitation of every perfon occu+ pying the lands through which the part of the road we fropofe to have flopped up pajfed ;

Which notice fet forth, that application would be made to the grand jury on the firft day of the then next term, to prefent the faid part of the old road to be Hopped up; and if any part of a toad (hall require to be levelled, or obftruc-tions to be removed, in order that wheel-carriages may fafe-ly pafs over every part of it, there (hall be laid before the grand jury, to ground the presentment, a feparate affidavit, exprefling that they think it neceflary to level and remove fuch obftru&ions, and an eftimate of the expence (hall hfc annexed thereto.

XXV.	And be it enafted by the authority afonefaid.

That every fum of money prefented to be expended in exe- pended, (hall}!

) cuting any kind of work in the county of Dublin, (hall be	***

accounted for as nearly as the cafe will tdmit, in one of the following forms; and all affidavits accounting for money expended, (hall be fwom before one of the judges of the court of KingVbench, or before two juftices of the peace of the county; and in cafe the juftices are not together, the laft juftice before whom the overfeer (halh appear, (hall fwear him true anfwer to make to fuch queftiona as he (hall a(k refpe&ing his affidavit, and (hall then demand, If he had . read the affidavit ? were the contents true ? and whether	^

that was the hand-writing of the other juftice ? and over every fuch affidavit there (hall be an exaft tranfeript of the prefentment; and if the preferment was for-any building, the affidavit (hall be,	{

I A. B. of	being one of Forrn 0f

do fwear, that I caufed to be executed the work purfuant to the davit, if pr*-above prefentment, and the plan and eftmate laid before the fcutment d« tat grand jury and the court, faithfully and honefly, and that the a building* annexed account is true in every particular; and that I have paid, or JIand indebted, and am fable to pay for executing the work, the fum of	which,	with	the	wages the

law allows me as attending overfeer of the work, amounts to the fum of	and that the work, to the bef of my

jud< merit and opinion, is performed in a workmanlike and fub+

Jlantial manner ;

Vou VIII.	B	XXVI. And

Money <

f

Digitized by Google

„ The twmttyfixth Tear of George JI1.

XXVI.	And provided, That if the account be for the repairing any building* or fo* making any new road, or new foot-path, or levying or removing obftru&ions in any road, the words, “ and the plan” (hall be omitted $ if the preferment be for repairing and gravelling a road or foot-path, or making fences, the affidavit (hall be,

♦orm of affi- / A. B. of	being	one	of	the	above	over*

davit, if for re- jeers, do fwear, that I have faithfully and honeJUy caufed to veiling a roa^or	txecu^ the above preferment, JlriSly adhering to the dir ft-

footpath, or tiom of the grand jury exprjfcd therein; and that I regularly making fences, attended the work, and that the annexed account is true in every particular, and the work effectually done; and that I have paid* or fland indebted, and an\ liable to pay the fum of

which, with the wages, the law allows me as attending overfeer of the work, amounts to the fum of the annexed account rejerred to ;

if for building Jf for building, or repairing a building, (hall (rate every ftate*every n>»* matcr*^ ukd, P^acc Jt was brought from, the price tdial ufed, &c. paid for it, and the fums paid for carriage, the fums paid, or agreed to be paid to the mailer workmen by the perch,

• *	fquare, yard, or foot, or days, according to the nature of f

the work, and the meafurement, if meafureable, and the oveifeers wages ; if the account be for road work, it (hall be in columns after the following manner:

An alteration.

Naraot

Names of the Cart or Car • Owners and Labourers.	Number of Carts or Cars employed.	Number of Days that Labourers worked.	Number of Loads each Cart or Car drew.	Price of Drawing per Load.	Price of Labourers per Day.	Totals.
				-		

G

bO

bJO

8 1 .5 •



JS

co

£

J?

a

o

.a % uO

Ml

.So ^

g s « frg «

|w3 M

SIS’!*!*

CS f? CJ O'fti O-

jS H’5 z

bo

.£

*•5

G

13

G

r

The twenty-Jixth Tear of George III.

90

The twenty fixth Tear of George III*

A. D.

1786. Chap. 14.

Addition to Ac affidavit of the accounting overfeer ;

if for gravelling a road;

XXVII.	And provided always. That there (hall be added to the affidavit made by every accounting overfecr the following words ; M and that no cart or car wax employed hy vie in the Jaid work, that had not wheels, Jhod with Jlralces at the leajl three inches broad, and Jet on with low-headed nails or bolts, and nuts and if the account be for gravelling any road, the following words ; “ and that all the faid work was executed between the twenty-fifth day of February, and the twenty-ninth day of September, in the year	and

to the bcjl of my belief, every cart-load of jlones or gravel drawn, weighed at leajl ten hundred weight, and every carload at the leajl Jive hundred weight	and provided that every

other overfeer appointed in each prefentment, (hall make the Following affidavit:

,	(<	I	A.	B.	or	we	A.	B.	and	C. D. the ether overfeer or

other over-	overfeers, do Jwear, that I or W'e have ear fni'y examined the

Jeer s affidavit.	annexed account, and the work fivsm by E F. to have been

executed, and to the bcjl of Mj or Our opinion, the work has been well and property executed, and 1 or IVc dj lelievt the particular items of the account are re'finable, and the account jufi and honejt. ”

No carts or

cnj« to be employed, except as heieiu,

*if a perfon refining 111 the

vof.ef-fed of a freehold oi aocl. a year, deiires to be appointed an overfecr fox repairing and gi availing a roul. n*vl v/ill expend one lot ti.ot the jum neceflaiy, the other rl»r» c fourths only (hall be prefer,t-id,

and »n ft-eh cafe ti c affida-v t V.ii.l ,»e as herein.

XXVIII.	Provided alfo, That it (hall not be lawful for any overfeer to employ carts or cars by the day to draw gtavcl to any road, but that carts or cars may be employed by the day to remove obtlrudlions, or materials from one part of the road to be made or repaired, to another, or by an overfeer prcfented, to keep in repair, and free from nui-fanccs, any number of perches not exceeding fix hundred; and except, that if any perfon being pofitffed of a freehold eiUtc of two hundred pounds a year in the county, and reading in it, fhall caufe to be, lodged with the fccretary of the giand jury, on or before the effoign day of any Enfler or Michaelmas term, an affidavit in the form herein before direded, for the repairing and gravelling any road, and (hall defire to be appointed an overfeer alone, or joined with any other overfeer, on condition that he will expend of his own property one fourth part of the fum that is fvvom to be necc(Tary to make the fa’d repair, then it fhall be lawful for the grand jury to preient the other three fourths of the money to be expended by fueh perfon in repairing with grawl cr fmnll (lanes the (aid	perches

feet wide, conditioned, that he fhaM expend of his own proper money, a (nm equal to one third of the money fo presented; and in that cafe any thirg in this acl contained . to the contrary notwithiTundlug, it mall not be necefT.ry to lay any account before, the g»and jury, or any affidavit, but

in

£k>ogle..

The tpsentyftxtb Tbar of Gcorgc III.

in the following form under the tranfcript of the prcfent-mcnt:

** I A. B. do fwear that 1 am pofj'cjftd of a freehold eft ate ^ of two hundred pounds a year at the leaft in the county of Dublin> and that I have faithfully and bcnftly caufed to be expended\ the fum of	and the	fum of

of' my own property , in making the repair, purfuant to the abj-ve prefntmemwhich money may be expended at any time of the year.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-{aid. That if any overfeer that a&ed' or attended the execution of any presentment, fhall happen to die, or by any fatality be rendered incapable of making the proper affidavit, any otht r of the overfeers, or any two perfons, each occupying at leaft forty acres of land in the barony in which the work was prefented to be done, Setting forth by affidavit the particular circumftances, and that they had viewed the work, and that they had juft reafon to think that A. B. had faithfully and honeftly expended the fum of

in executing, or towards executing the work, purfuant to the prefentment, thegrand jury and the court may allow the money to be paid ; and if any of the overfeers that did not attend the execution of the work (hall die, or by fteknefs or fatality, cannot view the work after it is executed, upon fuch circumftances being made appear by affidavit to the grand jury, and the court, the affidavit of the other over-fecr, if there were more than two, or if there were but two, the affidavit of the a&ing overfeer fhall be Sufficient.

XXX.	And in order to prevent unneceffary fums being levied : be it enacted, That every prefentment that is not executed and accounted for in two years, from the ftrft day of the term it was prefented at, fhall be ftruck off the query book ; and »all presentments for works to be done, made by the grand jury, fhall as near as the cafe will permit be in the following form, if for any building;

Affidavits to he made in cafei of death, fick> neb, 6cc. of overfeer*.

Prefentmcat not executed, &c. in a years, to be ftruck oft the query book.

County of 1 IVE prefent	to be ex* Form of	pre*

Dublin, Jf pended by A. B. and C. D. to build	fencments.

purfuant to the plan find eftimate laid before us and the court, and approved.

If for repairing any building, the word “ buiLP* and the words, “plan and” fhall be omitted, and the word “ repair” fhall be inferted in the place of the word “ buildit it is for making a new road, or foot-path, the barony fhall be in the place of county of Dublin> and the word “ build” fhall

Digitized by Google

A. D.

1786.

Affidavit of two houie-keep-CTs of Doqoic fufficicnt

Overfe-.r appointed to keep in repair, and fret from nui-fanccs, Ac. as herein.

fnma expended hy fuch overfeer, fliallbcprcfented as herein.

The twenty Jt*ib Tear of Georg* III.

be omitted, and in place of the word ltp'a99 (hall be inferted the word “ affidavitand if for repairing and gravelling a road or foot-path;

“ Barony of	WE	prefent

to be expended by A. B. and C. I), to repair with grave! or

fmallfionest	feet wide,	perches

of the road from	t)	between

on the towriclands of	in	the

part/b of	and	on	the	town-land

of	in theparifb of	the

gravel to be drawn from the quarry or pit on the town-land of now occupied by	99

And in a fimilar manner for any other kind of work, or for paving not exceeding nine pence per fquavc yard, where any part of a barony is now or (hall hereafter be a ftreet.

XXXI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That every affidavit to ground any preferment on the barony of Donore, may be made by two houfe-keepers, paying each ten pounds a year rent.

XXXII.	And be it enafled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for the grand jury at any Eafter term, to prefent for a time, not exceeding one year then next en-fuing, an overfeer to keep in repair, and free from nui-fances, any number of perches, not exceeding fix hundred, and to empower fuch overfeer to expend fix pence for every perch, if within fix miles of the caftle of Dublin, or three pence if at a greater di(lance: provided, That no perfon (hall be fo appointed, unlefs he (hall lodge with the fecretary of the grand jury, on or before the effoign day of the term, a requell figned by himfelf to be appointed, fpccifying the road, the diftance from the caftle of Dublin, the number of perches, the pariffi and place they begin at, and the parifti and place they end at, and they (hall be all in one barony, except the road be a mearing between two baronies in the county, and in that cafe, half the money expended (hall be prefented on each^ barony: and provided. That the grand jury may next Eaflcr term, when the year from the firfl day of the teim in which fuch overfeer was appointed, (hall be ended, or at any fucceeding Michaelmas or Eafter teim, within two years from the time of fuch overfeer having been appointed, prefent fuch fum as (hall be expended by fuch overfeer upon the following affidavit and account, under a tranfeript of the presentment, appointing the (aid overfeer being lodged with the fecretary.

“ / A. B.

/

Digitized by *



The tmmtyfixth Year of George lit.

u I A. B. do /wear that I have faithfully and honeflly A# D. caufed to be expended the fum of	purfuanf	1786.

to the power vefltd in me, and that 1 believe the annexed eiffi- Chao. 14. davit and account made by A. B. or A. B. and C. D. to be V-**-*S	+J'

true, he §r they being the perfons 1 confided in to execute the work.”

And every perfon or periona fo employed, (hall jnakc the Affidavits of Mowing affidavit:	P^* employ-

0( I or *we A. B. or A. B. and C. D.* do fwtar that tha annexed account is true in every particular ;7	.

which account (hall feparatdy fet forth the charge for labout for cars or carts, or for any particular work. Or material, and every fuch appointed overfeer may caufe the repairs to be made at any time of the year.

XXXIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, and k fhall be lawful for any juflice of the peace of the county, to appoint under his hand and feal, aq. overfeer that can read and Write, to expend any film not exceeding five pounds in repairing any bridge, public fewer, or houfe of corre&ion ; and any fum not exceeding twenty pounds in repairing any feffion-houfe, gaol, or weir-wall, embanking the fea, within the county, which may be fuddenly damage •d; ojr a fum not exceeding forty {hillings in repairing any hole or bad fpot in anyroad which may happen by a fudden fall of rain or other accident.

XXXIV* Provided, That no money Thall be prefen ted by the grand jury for the payment of any fuch overfeer, unleik the juftice making the order, (hall under fuch order make an affidavit before fome other juft ice, as nearly as the nature of the cafe will admit, in the following form:

Joftice of peace may appoint an over-fee> for the pur-pofe herein.

f* / A. B. do fwear, that / am a juflice of the peace for Affidavit <& the county of Dublin, and that 1 am pcfrjj'ed cf a freehold fuch juftice. eflate of one hundred pounds a year at the ieaft, clear ever a-id above all rent and charges payable cut of the fame in the Jaid county ; that upon viewing the	which

was fuddenly damaged, I was of opinion that to delay the repair thereof to the next prefenting term, would be dangerous and a detriment to the county, and that 1 agreed with A. B. that he fiould be paid the fum of

for repairing the faid	which	1	confldercd

to be a rtafonable price ; and that / have viewed it flnee tire repair has been made, and thqt the work was well executed ;

Ond thtit 1 made no other order for the expenditure cf public money in the faid county fince the lafl prefenting term”

XXXV. And



H	The	Hventy-fixth	Tesr	qf	George	III.

A. D. XXXV. And Pereas doubts in refpe& to applotmcnts 86. of .public money on different denominations of lands, arife p. 14. in the mind* of many perfons who are appointed to applot \S**~Y**mJ the money prefented by the grand jury, by reafon of the difference between the real number of acres contained in fuch denomination, and that mentioned in the ancient table, by which the county preferments have been applotted, and which was formed on the relative value, and not the a&ual number of acres in the diftrift or parifh: for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That for the pur-pofe of juftly proportioning the fums that each barony or diftri& are to pay, the county /hall be confidered as divided into one hundred and fourteen thoufand fix hundred and fifty Jeven parts, of which each barony (hall be confidered as containing the following number of parts.

BARONIES.

Divifonofth*

county for the purpofe of ap« plotting.

Of Upper-crofs Nether-crofs NewcafUe	*

Balrothery Rathdown

Cafllenoch

Coolock

Saint Sepulchre’s Ponorc	«

*9°4*

-	13610

-	1480a

*3845

12437

-	10109 . 1635?

.	157*

2890

TOTAL 114657

XXXVI. And the fever al baronies ftall be futMliYided in the following manner;

flarany

The Uuuulffixtb Tear of <Jeorge IIL		25 A. IX
Barony of Upper-croft,	Parts.	1786.
		Chap. 14.
Tallaght	5*35	
Clondalkin Parifh *	2080	
Clondalkin Town •	2038	
Rathcool Town -	124?	
Rathcool Parifli - -	*359	
Kevin's Without, South-fide of the Circular Road	1790	
Rally more Euftace -	2000	
Milltown Dunlavin •	1400	
Ballybought » -	840	
Tipper Caven -	1000	
Shankil -	1001	
Dalkey • - - *	158	

Total of the Barony 19042

Bardny of Nether-croft.

Swords	-

Ftnglafs	-

Lufk -

Clonraclkin	-	-

Portrane -

Town and Liberty of Swords

Parts.

3535

2023

37*7

2333

705

1227

Total of the Barony of Nether-croft	13610

Barony of Newcaftle.

Newcaftle

Saggart

Kilmatalway

Eflcer

Rathfarnham

Lucan

Kihnainhui

Ballyfarmott

Palmerftown

Cruats

Crumlin

Parts.

2000

2000

1500

1500

1200

1200

1200

500

70a

1800

1200

Total of NtwcafUe 14800

Barony

Digitized by L,ooQle

Tie twt&rfxii Tear rf George III. Barony of Balrothery.

26

A. D.

1786. Chap. 14.

Balrothery

Bal&dam

Holmpattick

Weft Lufk

Eaft Luflc

BaHydungan

Naii

Weft Palftown

BaUymadam

Gareftown

Hollywood

Bally boghfll

Palmerftown

D unabate

Parti.

3000

,99I

1063

i845

2501

4Jo

1411

884

1726

2072

*599

1892

851

1560

Total of Balrothery 23845

Barony of Rathdown.

Monkftown

Bonr/jHiok Tan nee Kffl

KOlaney

KiDgoUnn

Old Conaght

Whfte Chinch

Rathmichael

Tallow

Kikenutn

Parts.

**53

648

2591

2030

542

750

700

1500

460

*5*3

450

Total of-Rathdowo 12437 .

*-

Barony

27

The twentyJtxth Tear qf George III. Barony of Caftlenock,

Caftlenock

Ma’ahodart	-

Killfillaghan # The Ward	-	-	^

ClonGHagh	-	-	-

Cloghnan	-

Chapeiizod

Parts#

346S

2198

1448

7*9 161 j 362 292

A. D.

1786. Chap. 14.

Tot?l of Caftlenock 10109

Barony of Coofock#

Kfllofary

Kilbegh

Saint Margaret's

Santry

Cloghran

Malahide

BallgrifFen

Portmarnock

Howth

Rathenny

Coolock

Grange Gorman

Clontarf

Clonturk

Glaffnevin

Kingfally

Balldoyle

Killefter

Artain

Parte.

90O

$06

1140

2360

994

606

540

1020

1772

440

1199

450

535

8co

600

*339

450

l5°

557

Total of Colock 16352

Barony of Saint Sepulchre’s.

Patrick’s-Clofe	-	-	^

Kevin’s within . -	-	•	.

New-ftreet and Poddle

Part of Kevin’s without north of the Circular-road

Parte.

424

306

642

20fr

Total of Saint Sepulchre’s 1572 ^ Barony

Digitized b\

Google

A. D. 17 86. Chap. 14.

Ditto

The twntyjixth Tear if George 111.

Barony of Donore.

Parts.

2890

High-conftablc to he prt-fexued, a» herein.

High confta-ble empowered to till his luccefTor he fworn, flee. a«* herein ;

fub-conftables.

XXXVII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the grand jury of the county at every Eafter quarter feflions, (hall prefent a proper perfon to be high conftable for each barony, except the baronies of Saint Sepulchre’s and Donore, and if any perfon fo prefented to be high-conftable, or in cafe of his death, any perfon to be as herein after direded, appointed high-conftable of any barony, (hall refufe to ad as high-conftable, or (hall negled to take the proper oaths to qualify himfelf to ad as highw conftable, before a juftice of the peace of the county for ten days after his appointment as high-conftablc, (hall be no-tified to him by the high-conftablc in being, if there be any high-conftable in being, or if there l>e not, by a certificate of the clerk of 'the peace to be delivered to the perfon fo appointed by any of the fub-conftables of the barony, fucli perfon fo refilling to ad, dr to take the proper oaths, fhall be fined by the judges of the court of King’s-bench, or by the jyftices of the next quarter feflions, in the fum of twenty pounds, which fine (hall be eitrea£ed into his Majefty’s court of exchequer

XXXVIII.	Provided always* That every high-conftablc (hall be confidered as the high-conftable of the barony, until the perfon appointed to be high-conftable in his place be fworn into office, and the fub-conftables of each barony are required in cafe of the death of any high-conftable, to give notice thereof to the firft grand jury of the county that (hall be fworn, whether it (hall be at the term, quarter feffions, or conimiffion of general gaol'delivery, who after receipt of fuch notice, fhall, £nd are hereby authorized and empowered to prefent to the court a fit and proper perfon refident in the barony, to be appointed high-conftable until the next Eafter quarter feflions, which appointment (hall be notified to him by a certificate of the clerk of the peace, to be delivered to the perfon fo appointed by any of the fub-conltables of the farfie barony ; and the faid grand jury of the county at every Eafter quarter feffion, (hall likew ife appoint out of the refident inhabitants in each barony, four proper perfons to be fub-conftables for each barony, Saint Sepulchre’s and Donore excepted, to prtferve the peace at fhe quarter feflions, and at eledions, and upon all occafions, in the faid county,. and who at all times (hall affift the barony colledor to diftrain the effech'of any perfon or perfons

refufing

The tnxxntyjixtk Tear of George III.

refuting to pay the proportion of any cefs, which by the applotters of the parilh or diftridt fhail be charged upon him, her, or them ; and it fhail be lawful for the grand jury at every Eafter and Michaelmas term, to prefent the fum of three pounds, to be raifed on the barony for each of the faid fub-con (tables, provided that fuch fub-conftable fhail lay [mi Mkh^lniai before the grand jury a certificate of the clerk of the peace, tcrm for that fuch fub-conftable had taken the oaths that petty con- fub-conftabie. ftables are by law required to take, and that he had at the quarter feflions at which he was appointed, or at the next adjournment thereof, qualified himfelf according to law, and likewife a certificate from the colledtor or cofiedtors of the barony, that fuch fub-conflable had within one week after his fo qualifying himfelf, given to him a notice in writing, containing his name and place of abode in the barony, and that he was appointed one of the fub-con (tables of fuch ly, and that he had attended whenever he hpd been calleu upon, or had notice given him by the colledtor to attend, in order to diftrain any perfon refilling to pay the public cel’s, which certificates fhail be given to the cogitable, by the clerk of the peace and collector, without fee or reward.

XXXIX. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, Collector* to That the grand jury of the county at any of the terms, be appointed, may appoint a proper perfon or perfons to colledt the money prefented to be raifed upon each of the baronies, the baronies of Saint Sepulchre’s and Donorc excepted ; but it fhail not be lawful for the treafurer of the county, to deliver any warrant to empower fuch perfon to colledt, until he fhail have entered into a recognizance with two fufficient furetie9 to be approved of by the grand jury, in fuch fum as the grand jury fhail diredt, not lefs than the fum which the faid grand jury is by this adt empowered to prefent on fuch barony in any one term, conditioned that he will to the ut-moft of his power, colledt the publick money prefented to ' be levied, and do every thing that by this adt colledtors are required to do ; and that he will from time to time pay to the treafurer of the county, all fuch fums as he (hall colledt of the public money ; and that he will four days at the kalt before the efToign day of each Eafter and Michaelmas term, if not prevented by ficknefs, clofe the account of his warrant 5 and that he will then deliver to the treafurer the warrant, and all the original applotmenta, together with a lift of the defaulters of that warrant, and an account verified by affidavit, fwom before one of the juft ices of the peace of the faid county, of all the fums he had received under fuch warrant, and alfo of all the fums he had received, if any, from the church-gardens or Perions empowered and

diredted

3]. to be pre-

Digitized by v^ooQle

30

Tit twenty-Jixtb	Tear of George I1T.

A. D.

1786. Chap. 14.

Colle&or demanding money after the day appointed for giv-mgmp his warrant,

the penalty.

is. in the pound to collectors.

direded by this ad to levy arrears of fnch warrants; and that after the treafurer (hall have given credit to him in the account for fuch arrears, and for all (urns that he fhall have from time to time paid on account of that warrant, he will then pay to the treafurer the balance, and every fuch recognizance (hall be depofited with the proper officer of the court of exchequer, in like manner as the recognizances entered into by treafurers are required to be depofited, by the aft of the thirteenth and fourteenth of his perfent Majefty for the better regulating the office of county treafurers.

XL. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any colledor (hall demand, or receive from any perfon, any fum of money, under colour of fuch warrant, after the day that by this a d he is direded to return it to the treafurer, and (hall be convided thereof upon indidment in the court of King’s-bench or commiffion of oyer and terminer, he (hall be rendered incapable of being a collcffpr for ever after, and (hall fuffer imprifonment in the coun^gaol for any time not exceeding one year.

XLI. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for the grand jury at every Eafler and Michaelmas term to prefent as wages for each colled or, the fum of one (hilling for every pound that it (hall appear by the certificate of the treafurer, that fuch colledor had colleded and paid to the treafurer fincc the lad presenting term, not including fuch fums as (hall have been colleded by any church-warden, or perfon to whom a lift of arreais had been returned purfuant to this ad, for which fums no eoljedor fhall have any poundage or wages; and provided, that if any colledor (hall appear to the grand jury to have negled-ed ftridJy to perform all and every thing, that by this ad the colledors are direded to do and perform, then and in that cafe, it (hall not be lawful for the grand jury to prefent any fum as wages for fuch colledor, for having colleded and paid in to the treafurer any part of the amount of that warrant, any thing Herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding; and in cafe the grand jury of the county (hall not have appointed a colledor of any barony, or that the perfon appointed colledor (hall net have entered into the recognizance required, the warrant (hall at the times that the warrants are by this ad direded to be delivered by the treafurer, be direded and delivered to the high confta-ble of the barony, who (hall be confidered as colledor for that warrant, and (hall purfue the (Ups that colledors arc empowered and direded by this ad to take, and (hall colled and pay to the treafurer the fums he (hall colled, but fiich high-coLiable fhall not be entitled to a presentment of

one



T

. Pyfog^

Tie Hventfjixtb Teir tf George 111.

one {hilling1 for every pound he (hall fo colled and pay in, unlefs he (hall before he (hall begin to colled, enter into a recognizance before one of the judges of the court of KingV bench, in a fum equal to the fum that fiich warrant requires him to levy and colled, and (hall procure two fufficient fure-ties, to be bound each in one half of the amount of the warrant, conditioned that fuch high-conftable (hall do and perform every thing that a colledor would have been bound to do and perform had there been a colledor.

XL1I. And provided always, That if any colledor or high-conftable (hall happen to die, or by any accident be rendered incapable of colleding and accounting with the treafurer for the amount of the warrant delivered to him, the fureties of fuch colledor or high-conftable (hall be deem* ed to ftand in the place of fuch colledor or high-conftable, fo far as to complete the colleding and accounting with the treafurer for the amount of the warrant delivered to fuch colledor or high-conftable, and every colledor, high-conftable, or their fureties, as the cafe may be, are and (hall be. empowered by writing under their hand and feal, to appoint one or more perfons to afEil and colled as deputy colledors, for whom they (hall be accountable: provided, that it (hall not be lawful for any colledor or high-conftable by them-felves, or any deputy or afGfting conftable, to take any diftrefs without (hewing, if it (hall be demanded, the war* rant of the treafurer, and the applQtment made purfuant to this ad.

XLIII. And for the better colledion of the fum that (hall be prefented to be levied by the grand jury: be it en-aded by the authority aforefaid, That within ten days after the laft day of every Eafter and Michaelmas term, the treafurer of the county (hall iffue his warrant direded to the colledor of th^ barony, if there be a colledor, and if there be not a colledor to the high-conftable of the barony, which warrant (hall fet forth the fum prefented by the grand jury to be levied off the barony at large : and any uncofteded arrears of the laft warrant that (hall be prefented to he ap-ylotted upon any particular parifh or diftcid, and (hall fet forth the proportion that each parifti or diftrid of the barony (hall be charged with according to the table of the county fet forth in this ad; and provided. That the total of all the fums charged upon the different pariffies or dik trids (hall not amount to a greater fum than the full fum prefented to be levied off the barony, excepting the unavoidable encreafe occafioned by proportioning the fum on fo many parilhes or diftrids; and every colledor or high-conftable to whom fuch warrant (hall be delivered, (hall within ten days after the receipt thereof, deliver or caufe to

2	bt

Sureties empowered to colled in cafe of death. Scc. of colledor or high-conftable*

Tceafuref to iffue his warrant within xo days after term,

Digitized by Google

ja	'The	twntjjixfh Tear of George III.

A.	D.	be delivered to the fenefchal, if the diftrid be	a manor* if

1786.	he (hall be refident therein, or if he doth not	refide there-

Chap. 14. in, or if there be no fenefchal, then to either of the church-warden* of each parifh or denomination of land or pared of a parifh, or denomination of land, or	precind of

any liberty or jurifdi&ionm entioned in fuch	warrant, or

if there be no fuch churchwarden, or if he does not refide therein, then to any principal reiiding inhabitant, a fair tranfeript of fuch warrant figned by himfelf, and at the bottom or back of fuch tranlcript, he fhall defire the fum required by fuch warrant to be applotted equitably upon the faid manor, parifh, or denomination of land, or pared of a parifh or precind of any liberty or jurifdidion, and the leaving fuch tranfeript at the place of abode of, or delivering it to any fenefchal, church-warden, or principal refiding inhabitant, as the cafe fhall happen, (hall be attefled by the oath of the perfon leaving or delivering it 5 and alfo, by the oath of one credible witnefs before any juflice of the peace of the county if necefTary, and every perfon to whom fuch tranfeript fhall be delivered, is hereby required under the penalty of forfeiting five pounds to poll up within three days after he fhall receive fuch tranfeript on the door of the church, or if there be no church in which divine fervice is performed, on the ufual place of polling notices in the faid manor, parifh, or denomination of land, a notice figned by himfelf, which notice fhall fet forth, that “ the landholders and inhabitants of	art	hereby required to

meet at	on	the	day of

to choofe two or more perfons to applot the fum of required to be levied upon	by	the	warrant of the

treafurer of ibis county and the day appointed for the meeting (hall be within feven days after polling fuch notice, applotters to and at fuch meeting the landholders and inhabitants then be chofen, prefent fh«ill choofe two or more perfons to be applotters;

and the perfons fo chofen fhall after adding ten fhfllings to the fum required to be applotted, applot the fame fully and juflly, as foon as they conveniently can, and making two fair copies or tranfeript8 of their applotment, fhall make oath before any juflicc of the peace of the county, which oath fhnll be recorded on the back or at the bottom of each tranfeript, that they have made the faid applotment fully and juflly, according to the bell of their* (kill, without fa-to deliver vour, affedion, or malice to any perfon, and fhall within fourteen days after being fo chofen, deliver one of faid ment ?n 14 days, tranferipts or copies of their applotment, if demanded, to to the perfons the colledor or perfon empowered to colled the fame, filch herein.	colledor	or	perfon paying to the applotters ten (hillings for

their trouble ; and the applotters fhall within the fame fourteen days depofit the other tranfeript or copy in the hands 3	of

The twentyfixth Tear of George Ilf.

of the perfon, or in the hands of the executor or adminiftra-tor of the perfon by whom the notice of the meeting of the land holders had been polled, under the penalty of forfeiting for every day they (hall omit to deliver the fame, after the faid fourteen days the fum of ten (hillings, to be recovered l»y civil bill, at the quarter feflions for the faid county, by any perfon who (hall fuc for the fame, and the colledor or other perfon empowered to colled the fame, on receiving fuch full and fufficient applotment, is hereby authorized and required to levy the faid money according thereto; and in cafe no full and fufficient applotment (hall be returned within twenty four days after fuch tranfeript of the warrant was left at the ufual place of abode of, or delivered to the fenef-chal, church-warden, or principal refiding inhabitant, fuch colledor or perfon empowered to colled the fame, may and (hall applot fuch fum himfelf, and having made oath before any juftice of the peace for faid county, that according to the bed of his (kill he had made the faid applotment without favour, affedion, or malice, he may colled the fame from the landholders and inhabitants of fuch manor, parifti, or ' denomination of land, by dklrefs and fale of the goods of all perfons refufing to pay.

XL.IV. And whereas feveral perfons in different parifhes Colleftorito of this county have illegally oppofed the colledors of the deliver to county cefs, by which arrears have accrued, that if not pro- chui - h war-vided for, the treafurer cannot pay thofe perfons who are name** appointed overfeers: be it enaded by the authority afore- Qf perfong in faid, That every colledor or perfon empowered to colled, arrear, Icc. twenty one days before the firlt or effoigri day of every Eaf-ter and Michaelmas term, if there (hall be any fums in ar-tear, which he could not colled, (hall deliver, or caufe to be delivered to either of the church-warden9 of any parifti, or parcel of a parifti, or denomination of land, or precind of any liberty or jurifdidion, wherein fuch arrears are due ; or if there be no fuch church-wardens, or if they do not re-fide therein, then to any principal refiding inhabitant, a lift of the names of the perfons fo in arrear, with the fums due by each of them refpedivcly, as alfo a lift of the unoccupied premiffes, if any, on which no di ft refs could be found, together with the Turns due on faid premiffes, with an affidavit to the following effed, as near as the circumilances of the cafe will allow :

County of) I A. B. collector or high conjlable of the barony of | an Dublin. )	do	favear	that	the	annexed	lijlcontains vitas herein,

a trite account of the perfons in arrear, on account of the county ccfs cf	term lajU in the parijh of	or	dif-

trifl of	and of the fums applotted upon them, and

Vol. VIII.	C	alfo

£4

fuch lift to he polled within three days,

V?h a notice of rtucLtrg herein j

the perfon

holding fiK'h

meeting empowered to levy the Itrtns dne, Sec.

ri

The twenty fixtb Tear of George III.

aljb of the unoccupied premiers within the faid par 't/h of or dijlricl of	on	which	no	difirejs	could	be fc ind,

together with 'Jx fjnu due on the fmd prernijps, and that / have djns every thing in my power to levy.the funie without effect * having been ojpofed hi the execution oj my fylke, or hot having found any dfbxfs on the premijes to anfwer the cdCnty cefs, or aligning the true and only canfe thereof, as the cafe may happen to he ; and every per foil to whom fuch lilt (hall he delivered, is Itereby required to poll up within three days after the leaving or delivery thereof, on the door of the church, or if there be no church in which divine fervice is performed, on the ufual place of polling notices hi the px-riih, or denomination of land, a copy of tlie faid lift, together with a notice ligncd by himftlf^ that a meeting is to be hrld on the	day of	next,	at	the hoar of

twelve o'clock at noon, at feme place within fuch parish or denomination of land, to he in fuch notice fpccificd, whudi day (hall he within lix days after the date and polling of fuch notice, and requiring the Several perfona fo m arrear to appear at'fuch trecuug, and pay the a rears fo due by them to the perfon pnftiug the noiicc ; and Inch perfon lo polling the fail notice, (hall attend at fuch chy, hour, and place accordingly, and theie remain until the hour of two o’clock in the afternoon of the fame day, imlefs all fuch arrears (hall be fooner paid to him; and from and after the holding of fuch meeting, the prrlbn polling fuch notice is hereby ^powered to cail one of the barony fub-coti(tables or any p?.r:fh conftable, or con liable of the precinfk, or denomination of land, and any number of the inhabitants to alftit him to levy the fum due, by dillrefs and file of the good* and chatties of the perfon fo in arrear, together with oik: (hilling for the conftable’s trouble in taking and felling each did refs ; and if any perfon to whom fuch lift (hall be fo delivered, (hall neglect to poll fuch notice, or to go to and remain at Inch place of meeting as here n before directed, or if any conftable or inhabitant (hall relufe to a Ifni the faid perfon, and (hall be convi&ed thereof before any juft ice of the pence of the county, by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or on confcfiion, the perfon lo convicted (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, to be levied by diitrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of fuch perfon, by the warrant of the jufticc, which fum (hall be diilributed by the minifter and church wardens, in bread or coals, to the poor of the faid pnrifh, did rid-, or denomination of land ; and the collector (hall in twelve days after the d"liv»ry of any fuch lilt, gall upon the church warden, or principal redding inhabitant to whom the faiu lift was directed, ar.v: dial) receive from him fuch fums as he may have

' . received ;

i

Digitized by Google

The twcntyfixth Tear of George III,

received ; and if fuch church warden, or principal redding inhabitant, (hall negleA to levy fuch arrear, and to pay it to the colle&or, then the colledor (hall deliver a lift of all fuch arrears to the treafurer of the county, four d&ys at the Icaft before the effoign day of each Eafter and Michaelmas term, certified by an affidavit in the following form, which the treafurer fhall lay before the grand jury.

County of ?	/ A. B. do f wear, that the annexed account ie

Dublin. ) true in every particular, and that I delivered, or caufed to he delivered, the lijls therein mentioned to tbs church • warden or principal raiding inhabitant (as the cafe may he) of eetcb partjh, or denomination of land therein mentioned ; ami that I ha*H not Jince received from the faid churchwarden, or . principal refiding inhabitant, fas the cafe may be) or from ary other ptrfon, any of the faid arrears, excepts thofe marked fa this hfi, as having been received by me ; and that the remain&r fill is due.

XLV. And all fuch lift* (hall feparatcly fet forth the fums due on each and every denomination of land that is in the warrant, and all fuch anreara (hall in that term be presented by the grand jury to be levied off fuch parifti, manor, or denomination of land at large, and not upon the particular perfons returned in arrear particularly.

XLV1. And whereas it has been found difficult to get the preferment* made upon the baronies of faint Sepulchre’s and Donore, either applotted or levied, on account of the fmallnefs of the fume, and the number of perfons who are to pay the fame, though they might be eafily collected by the perfons who receive the watch tax, or nunifter’s dues in the faid diftrid*: be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the treafurer of the county (hall in ten days after each Eafter and Michaelmas term, caufe warrants to be delivered to, or left at the houfes, or place of abode, of the fenefchal or deputy; fenefchal of the liberties of Thomas-court and Do-aore, and of the liberty of faint Sepulchre’s, and the fenefchal or deputy fenefchal of the liberty of the dean and chapter of faint Patrick’s, which liberty is part of the barony of faint Sepulchre’s, and contains the d'ftrid of Patrick’s clofe; which warrants lhaH fet forth the fume that are to be raifed upon their different diftri&a, and (hall require the fame to be paid by fuch fenefchal, or deputy fenefchal, to the faid treafurer, four days before the effoign day of the next Eafter or Michaelmas term ; and in cafe any of the faid fenef-chais, or deputy fenefchals, to whom fuch warrant (hall be dire&ed, (hall negled to pay the amount of the faid warrant to the treafurer, on or before the time appointed, and com.

C %	plaint

35

A. D. 17 86. Ohap.

Suc;h arrears to be levied off the parifh, fictf. at large.

Treafurer to caufe warrants to be delivered to the fenefchal, &c. of the liberties herein mentioned, fetting forth the fums to bt raffed.



#

56	The	twenty	ftxtb	Tear	of	George III.

A. D- plaint thereof be made to the jaflices of the court of King’s-1786.	bench, it (hall be lawful for the faid court to iffue proceH

Chap. 14.	agsintt filch fenefchal, or deputy fenefchal, for the amount

of the warrant, and each and every fuch fenefchal, or deputy fenefchal (hall have full power, and full power 13 hereby given*to him immediately upon, or as foon after the receipt of the faid warrant, as he {hall think proper, to appoint two inhabitants of the diftrid, to applot the amount of the warrant upon the fevcral houfeholders, and landholders, if there be any in the faid refpc&ive diftridfs, together with twelve pence in the pound as payment for the perfon or per-fons who (hall collect the fame ; .and the perfon fo to be appointed {hall applot accordingly ; and the faid applotters fhall at the foot of the applotmcnt make affidavit before a lattice of the peace of the county, that they have, to the beft of their judgment, applotted the fame equitably and julily*

; t cording* to the mode ufuallv followed in the applotting rirmey to he raifed upon the faid dittrift, and the applot-runt, with fuch affidavit, {hall within fourteen days be delivered to the fenefchal who appointed them to applot the kme, tinder the penalty of forfeiting ten {hillings for every <Jay they fhall negle& to return or to deliver the fame, after the faid fourteen days, to be recovered by civil bill at the quarter feffions for the county, by any perfon who (hall fue for the fame ; and it fhall be lawful for the faid fenefchals, or deputy fenefchals, to iflue their warrants to the perfon, whether collector or church warden, who ufually collets or levies either the miuiftcr's dues or watch money in the faid diftitcis, commanding or requiring them to levy the (um fo applotted, and to pay it to him fifteen days before the nett Katter or Michaelmas term, ns the cafe may he 5 and the fenefchal, or deputy fenefchal,,when he fhall have received it, after deducting the amount of the treafurer’s warrant, {hall pay the remainder to the perfon or perfons who colled-td, in proportion to the fums that each perfon has collected as payment for his or their trouble in collecting, and every collector or church-warden {hall have the fame powers to levy the fum fo applotted, by fale of the goods and chatties of all perfons refilling to pay the fame, that the fcveral col-ledlors of the baronies of this county have by this a& within their refpc6t;ve baronies; and in cafe any colle&or or chinch warden, to whom fuch warrant is dircdlcd by any fenefchal, or deputy fenefchal, firall refufe or negledt to levy the motvjy, and pay it at the time appointed in the warrant, it lliall be lawful for fuch fenefchal or deputy fenefchal to iffue liis warrant to the marfhal of the liberty, or to any con liable of the diilridf, impo.vcring and commanding him

to

11^1

Digitized by t^ooQle

The twenty Jixtb Year of George III.

to levy the fame by fale of the goods and chatties of the perfons fo refilling or negledling to colledi and pay to him the fame.

XIA7II. And whereas the impofiibility of getting the feveral fums heretofore prefented on the baronies of faint Sepulchre’s and Dunore, either applotted or collected, has caufed confiderable arrears to become due by thofe baronies, which if not provided for, the treafurer of ttyecounty cannot have money to pay the overfecra who have been appointed to execute the publick works : and whereas many of the perfons who fhould have paid the faid moqcy are dead, and many have left the faid baronies : be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for the grand jury at the next Eafter or Michaelmas term, to prefent the fum of one hundred and fifty three pounds and feven pence due by the barony of faint Sepulchre’s, and the fum of two hundred and twenty four pqunds eighteen (hillings and two pence due by the barony of Donore, being the amount of the arrears due by the faid baronies for the feveral cedes from the firfl day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, to the firft day of Mjchaelmas term, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty one, to be levied off the county at large, and at the next Eafter or Michaelmas term, and every fuccecding Eafter and Michaelmas term, it /hall be lawful for the grand jury to prefent to be levied off laid baronies, fuch portion of the arrear that has become due from faid baionies, in and fubfequpqt to Michaelmas term one thoufand feven bundled and eighty ope, as the faid grand juries (hall think fit, until the whole fum fo in arrear fhall be raifed and levied off the faid refpedtiye baronies.

XLVIII. And whereas arrears have become dpe by th^ feveral other baronies of the county, which, if not provided for, the treafurer cannot have fufficient money to pay the fums that have been prefented to be expended : be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it lhall be lawful for the grand jury, at any Eafter or Michaelmas term, after the paffing of this act, to prefent fuch portion of whatever fum any of the other baronies is in arreav at the palling of this act, as tlie faid grand juries fhall think fit, to be raifed off fuch barony on which the fums fo in arrear were originally prefented to be raifed, until the whole arrear of fuch barony lhall be difeharged ; provided that the whole fum prefented to be levied upon any barony at large at any term, fhall not exceed the fum herein after limited for the court to fiat or confirm upon each and every of the feveral baionies.

XLIX. And

153I os. ;d. due by barony of St. Sepulchre’s,

224I. 189. ad. by Donore,

to be levied off the county at large, till the whole is paid.

Arrears due by any barony levied as herein.

Digitized by uooQle

Orerfeers empowered to b.r grave],

&c.

Not lawful to take any except as herein.

U”hen doubts arile whether gravel, &c. thrown tip by the lica, be nc-cefTary as a bulwark, Sre. it (hall lv dtcidol as herein.

The twenty fixth Tear of George III.

XLIX. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That any overfeer or overfcers appointed under this act, (hall be empowered to die for, raife, and carry away any gravel, ftones, fand, or other materials, either in the county of DubEn, or in any adjoining county, which may be wanted fbr the building, rebuilding, enlarging or repairing of any feffion-houfe, gaol, workhoufe, bridge, gullet, pipe, or wall, neceflary for the fupport of any road, or for making, repairing, or preferving any road or foot-path in the county of Dublin.

L. Provided however, That it. (hall not be lawful for any cverfeer to dig, raife, or carry away, any gravel, ftones, fund, or other materials, except fuch loofe gravel or other ftones as may be thrown up by the tide from any beach or iea fhore, which beach or fea (bore is a publick read, or a bulwark, or defence to any town, ground, or publick road adjoining the fame : and that if any perfon (hall be convicted thereof, on the oath of any one credible witnefs, before any juftice of the peace of the county, he (hall for ever)’ fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five (hillings for every cart-load or car load of fuch gravel, ftones, fand, ot other material io dug, raifed, or carried away.

LI. And whereas doubts may arife whether any gravel, ftones, fand, or other materials thrown up by the tide, be neceflary as a bulwark or defence to any town, ground, or publick road, it (hall and may be lawful for any neighbouring juftice of the peace, at the requeft of any overleer, to fummon three fubftantial freeholders of the neighbourhood, to view and determine in the premifles upon oath, and if the majority of them (hall find that fuch gravel, (tones, fand, or other materials are not neceflary as a bulwark to any town, ground, or publick road, it fhnl) be lawful for the overfeer to make ufe of the fame, without incurring any penalty ; and provided, that it (hall not be lawful for any overfeer to dig for any gravel or ftones, or to open any gravel pit or quarry in any deer pari:., garden, orchard, haggard, or yard, or in the planted avenue, walk, or lawn belonging to any houfe, without the confent in writing of the owner or occupier, or nearer to the next fide of an high road or foot way than fifteen feet, or on the fide of any road, fo as to make fuch road dangerous for paflengers or carriages; and if any perfon (hall obftruft or prevent any overfeer, or the perfons employed by any overfeer in executing any publick prefentment, or in digging for, railing, or carrying away any materials, fuch as ftones, gravel, or fand, that (hall be neceflary for any publick work, fucli perfon (hall upon con-vi&ion, by the oath of one credible witnefs, before any juf-ticc of the peace of the county, forfeit for every fuch offence.

Digitized by

Google

39

The twentyfx/h Tear of George III. *

fence, a fum not exce ding five pounds, to be levied, together with the charges, by diftrefs and fa!;* of the goods of the offender, by the warrant of any fuch juft ice cf the peace $ which forfeit or fine fhall be paid to the treafiirer of the county infirmary, for tlie ufe of the infirmary.

LII. And whereas difficulties arife in deter mining what is an adequate coropcnfation to be paid to the owner or occupier of the land for the damage that may be dqne by digging, raifing, and carrying away gravel, ftones, fand, dr Other materials, by the order of any overfeer for any public!: work.: be it cna&ed by the authoiity aforefaid, iliat at the requeft of either the overfeer or occupier of the land from whence any fuch mater, .is have been or are to be drawn, to any neighbouring juftice of the yc.-ce, fuch juf-tice fhall iflue a furtimonsto the parties to c.rne before him, with each a fubftantial houfeholdcr as their aibitrators, at a certain time to be therein named, and fuch jufticc naming a third fuch hoi fcholder, he fhall fvvear them to be ap-praifers, to determine what is a reafonable price to be paid per fcore of cart-loads or car-loads of fuch gravel, fand, floncs, or other material?, according to the value or rent of the ground, and likewife to determine a rea foil able fum for any damage that may be done by paffiug through the land, in order to draw fuch gravel, fand, ftones, or other material, and the award of fuch three per Tons, or any two of them in writing under their bands, and the fum to be fp awarded, (hall be final, and may be recovered from fuch pverfeer by civil bill, at the quarter feffion of tlie county.

LIII. And be it en^ed by the authority aforefaid, That if it fhall appear to the judges of the court of KingV bench, by the oath of two credible perfons, at any term V’ithin one year after any query, or any prefentment by which money was granted has been difeharged, that the grand jury and court were deceived by any affidavit for dit charging fuch query, and that the money was not expended agreeable to tjie prefentment, the court of King’s-beqch jnay notwitbflanding fuch query w*as difeharged, fine, or ifTne procefs in fuch cafe, againft the overfeer or overfeers mentioned in fuch prefentment, as if the* qu$ry had not. been difeharged, or the grand jury may direct fuch overfeer pr overfeers to be profecuted for wilful perjury.

LIV. And be it ena&ed by the authority afprefaid. That if the colle&or or high conftable of any barony fhall ^ke diftrefs upon the premifles of any perfon refufing to pay his, or her proportion of the publick cefs, fuch collector, high conftable, or perfon empowered to colledt, taking fuch diftrefs, fhall pofl a notice in writing by him figned, on the ufnal place of notices being polled in the pa-

rifh

A. D.

I7«*S.

A juft Ire of p-.i.-e, and t!ircc houfe-holdcri to determine w! at is a reafonalde price for grave’, &c. and tor damage cone.

Penalty on deceiving the grand jury and court by an affidavit for dif-charging a query.

Notice to be polled when diftrefs is taken, of the time of (ale, fcc.

Digitized by Google

40

The twenty Jix:b Tear of Georgclll.

A. D. rifh or diftrift where fuch diftrefs was taken, fetting forth, 1786.	that upon the feventh day following, he would fell fuch

Chap. 14.	diftrefs by publick cant at that place ; and it (ball be lawful

For fuch perfon who took fuch diftrefs, then to fell it to the beft bidder, and after deducing the amount of the cefs, and one (hilling in the pound for his trouble in making fuch diftrefs, and one (lulling per night for the charges of keeping fuch diftrefs, if a bcall, he (hall return the furplus, if any, to the perfon from whom fuch diflrefs was taken; and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall bring or caufe to be brought, any replevin or replevins, or any other procefs of law, to recover any diftrefs fo taken, that then and in that cafe, the colleftor, high conftablc, or perfon mahing fuch dif-v	trefs,	(hall be enabled to fupport fuch taking, by avowing

on the authority of this aft ; and if the perfon or perfor.s bringing or cauling to be brought, fuch replevin, (hall he r.on-fuitcd, or a verdift be againft him or them, or judgment upon a demurrer, then and in that cafe, he, (he, or they (hall pay treble cofts, and if any perfon or perfons (hall aflault any colleftor, high conftabte, or perfons empowered bv this aft, to take any diftrefs in the execution of this aft, and (hall be convicted thereof upon indictment at any quarter fclfion, or commiffion of gaol delivery for the county, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fmn of ten pounds, and (hal! be committed until fuch fines (hall be paid, and (hall give fuffieient fureties to keep the peace for five ycais ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall refeue any diftrefs taken from any perfon by this aft empowered to take fuch diftrefs, he, (he, or they (ball upon conviftion be fined in the fum of five pounds over and above all penalties by law to be in-flifted upon perfons guilty of pound breach, arid every fine in either cafe (hall be paid, one half to the perfon who (hall profecute fuch pcrlons, aud the other half to the treafurcr of the county infirmary, for the ufe of the infirmary.

Perfonsag- LV. And be itenafted by the authority aforefaid, That grieved by j»re- ft (hall be lawful for any perfon who (hall think himfelf or cnTcr a'travcdc htrHclf aggrieved by the prefentment of any grand jury of the county of Dublin, to enter one or more traverfe or travel fes to fuch prefentment, either in the term in which fuch ’ prefentment (hall be made, or within eight days next after the tail day of that term, which traverfe or traverfes (hall be tried at the next term; and if the jury who (hall try fuch traverfe or traverfes (hall not confirm fuch prefentment, then and in that cafe, it (hall not be lawful for any overfeer to proceed to execute fuch prefentment; provided that fuch traverfer or traverfers (hall give fuffi-cient fccurities before the court of King’s-bench, if the

traverfe

The l<wenty-fixth Tear oj George III.

traverfe be made in open court, or before one of the judges of the faid court, if the traverfe be entered within eight days next after faid term as aforefaid, to pay double colb, in cafe the jury to try fuch traverfe or tfaverfes fhall confirm the prefentmeut; and provided alfo, that if fuch traverfe be not made in open court, notice thereof in writing fhall be given by the traverier to the treafurer of the county on the fame day of the entry of fuch traverfe, who (hall inform the overfeers thereof; and if fuch traverfe be to any prefentment for making any new* road, or widening any old road, or making any new foot-path, the jury wdio try fuch traverfe, fhall true vetdid give, whether any, and what damage will accrue thereby to fuch perfon fo traverfing, which verdict fhall be conclufive, and upon the fum fo found for damages, being paid to him or her, or depofited with the treafurer for his or her ufe, it fhall be lawful for the overfecr to proceed and lay out or make fuch new road or foot-path, or widen fuch old road purfuant to the pre-fentment without the interruption of fuch perfon.

LV T. And to avoid the expence aud delay of fuch traverfe : be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the grand jury of faid county at Eafter and Michaelmas term, fhall be authorized and empowered from time to time to treat, contrad and apee with the feveral owners, proprietors, occupiers, and perfons interefted in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, through which fuch new road or foot-path is to be made, or fuch old road is to be widened, for the lofs or damage fuch owners, proprietors, occupiers, or perfons intcreiled, or any of them, fhall or may relpec-lively fuitaiu thereby, and that any agreement fo .to be made fhall be conclufive to the perfon who makes fuch agreement; aud the grand jury at any Ealter or Michaelmas term, fhall be empowered to prefent the fum or fums fo found by faid verdict or verdicts, or agreed upon to be paid for damages to be raifed upon the county at large, or upon the barony or baronies through which faid road or foot-path fhall be made or widened in proportion to the length they fhall be fo made or widened through each barony.

LVI1. And for the more eafy auditing the accounts of the county : be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in forming the query books for the county of Dublin, the clerk of the crown fhall place the queries for the county at' large, and for each and every barony Separate, and diftin-guifh the terms at which they were prefented, and tot them up at the foot’ of each term, and fhall file and keep amongfl the records of faid county, all affidavits, maps, plans and eftimates made purfuant to this ad, and fhall within two

days

Grand jury to contract with owners, $ec. of land, 6cc. for the damage they may fuf-

Form of the ^utry hooks.

Digitized by L,ooq le

The toventyfixth Year of George III.

A. B.

1786. Chap. 14.

Every icol. the treasurer receives (hill be paid into the bank.

days after each Eafter and Michaelmas term deliver to the treafurer of the county without fee or reward, copies of all fums in that term prefented to be expended, or to be paid, and all queries anfwcrcd at that term, diftinguifhing in what terms they were prefented, and fhall two days after every Hilary and Trinity term deliver to the faid treafurer lifts of all queries anfwered at that term, diftinguifhing at what term they were prefented, all which lifts (hall be figned by the clerk of the crown, or his deputy, and for every default thereof that he fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be recovered by any perfon who (hall five for the fame by civil bill, and every treafurer of the county fhall upon demand give copies of the preferments he fhall receive from the clerk of the crown to any of the overfeers mentioned in fuch preferments without fee or reward.

LVlIl. And whereas notwithflandlng the fccurity by recognizance that the perfons cle&ed to be treafurers of the county of Dublin, ana their fureties, are by law obliged to enter into, difficulties and delays have arifen and may arife in recovering the publick money on the death, refignation or removal of a treafurer, to the great lofs of the county, and the injury, difappointment and diftrefs of the feveral perfons who on being appointed overfeers expend their money in executing the preferments of the county : it is nc-ceflary to ena&, and be it cuadted by the authority afore-faid, That from and after the palling of this ad, as often as the prefent treafufer of the county, or fuch perfon who fhall at anytime hereafter be eltded treafurer of the county, fhall receive from the feveral colleclors of the publick money, or from any of them, a fum or fums of money amounting in the whole to one hundred pounds, he or they fhaH within three days after the receipt thereof, pay it to the cafhier of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, and fhall receive from him a receipt or acknowledgement purporting that he had received fuch fum to be placed to the account and credit of the county of Dublin, and fuch

fum or fums fhall remain ip the faid bank, until drawn out as by this adt i3 hereafter dire&ed.

Treafurer to LIX. And be it further enadfced by the authority afore-keep the barony faid, That the faid treafurer, and every fuccceding trea-books°U&7 furcr, fhall keep and continue the feveral barony and county *	*	books	in the fame form and manner as they are now kept,

or any other book or account, that the grand jury from time to time may judge neceffary, and may diredl to be kept, and fhall produce them to the grand jury on the firft fitting day of each terra, to be by them examined, which v	books	fhall be elofed and made up to the effoign day of that

term.

LX. And

The twentyfixth Tear of George III.

LX. And for the better and more regular auditing not only the treafurer’s accounts, but the accounts of the fevcra! colle&ors and the expenditure of the county money by the feveral overfeers: be it ena&ed by the authority afprefaid*

That within fix days after the pafiing of this the trea-	^	^

furer of the county (hall caufe an advertifement to be pub- publiftiedwith-lifhed In the Dublin Gazette, fignifying that A. B. who in fix days after was foreman, and the feveral per (on s who were fworn grand P*®n8 heerof ' jurors for the county at Michaelmas term, one thoufand fe-ven hundred and eighty four, (hall aflemble in the grand$ury room, at the court of King’s bench, on the day therein to be appointed, which day (hall be within ten days after the date, and publilhing the advertifement, at the hour of one of the clock, to ele& a fit and proper perfon to be in-fpe&or of the publick accounts of the faid county, and the faid grand jurors, or any twelve or more of them being fo convened, (hall accordingly proceed to ele& by a majority of voices, a fit and proper perfon to be fuch infpe&or, and the foreman, or in his abfence the perfon who (hall be highr ell in the lift attending/ (hall prefide ; and if the grand jurors fo attending ftiall happen to make an even number, and are equally divided in their votes, the perfon prefiding fhall have a double or calling voice, and immediately after the ch^ifun the foreman or perfon prefiding fhall fign a certificate, that purfuant to this adl A\ £. of was duly elc6lcd infpedlor of the publick accounts of the ci/uuiy of Dublin ; which certificate fhall be lodged with the cL;k uf the crown, to be kept amongft the records of the office, and the perfon fo ele&ed before he fhall take upon him the execution of the office, fhall make before one of the judges of the court of King’s bench, the following affidavit, which fhall be depofited with the clerk of the* crown, and fhall be filed with the certificate of the ele&ion.

“ I A. B. being eltfted to .the office of inJfeBor of the pub-	Infpeaor’s

lick accounts of the county of Dublin, do fwear, that as long as oath-1 Jhall continue to be infpeflor, I will execute the duties of that office as by law dire Bed, impartially and to the bejl of rry pbiltties without favour, pique, or partiality, and that I am feifed and pofeffed to my own ife and bin fit of a freehold ejlate of one hundred pour As a year in the barony of	in	the	county

of Dublin, clear and over and above all charges payable out of the fame•

LXI. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That j)Uty of the the duty of the faid infpe6lor fhall be to receive from the infpcAor, &c.

.	cafhier

Mnfir. fn k.

Digitized by kjOOQle

44  A. D. 1786 Ch^p. 14.	The twenty fix. h Tear of George III.  cafhier or other officer of the bank of Ireland, an account figned by the (aid cafliier or proper officer, which he is hereby required to give on demand, dating the balance in the bank to the credit of the county of Dublin, on the eflbFgn day of each and every term, which account (hall fet forth the balance fli uck on the cfToign day of the preceding term, and the amounts of all receipts and payments made, fjbfequent to it, and which account the infpedtor fliall compare with the treafurer’s books and vouchers, and having ascertained what part of the faid balance belongs to the county at large, and to the refpe&ive baronies, he fliall lay it before the grand jury on the firfl fitting day of each term, and fliall perfonafly attend at the court of King’s bench on the firft fitting day of each and every term, if not prevented by ficknefs or unavoidable accidents ; and if fo prevented (hall depute and fend in his place a perfon for whom he fhall be anfwerable to receive all affidavits to ground pre-fentments, which he fhall examine, and report any error therein ; and all affidavits accounting for the expenditure of money that (hall have been delivered to the grand jury, and after having received from the clerk of the crown the affidavits on which the preferments accounted for were grounded, which the clerk of the crown is hereby dire&ed to deliver each term on demand to fuch infpe&or, he fliall annex them together, audit and compare them, and fliall lay them with all convenient fpeed before the grand jury, together with any remarks that may occur to him, to be examined by the jury, and to be allowed or difallowed by them ; and all fuch affidavits, together with the preferments that the grand jury fhall make, fliall be laid before the court of King’s bench, on the fitting day next but two before the laft day of term, and all fuch accounts and preferments fliall be returned by the clerk of the crown, to the infpe&or, who fliall on or before the laft day of the term produce to the grand jury engraven drafts in the form following, payable to the perfons who fworc to the expenditure of the money, and whofe accounts were allowed, or to whom money was prefented to be paid, and which was allowed by the court.
Fbtm of a di*it au tiic  bae*.	No.  T0 the governors and company of the bank of Ireland, pay to or his order, the fum of which place to the account of the county of Dublin. Term 178 C. D. irfpedor of the county accounts.

A1*

£oogle

The twenty fixth Tear of George III.

All which drafts (hall be figned by the foreman, and the in-fpedtor (hall deliver them to the treafurcr of the county of * JZ>ublin, to be by him handed to the perfon in whofe favour they were drawn on their figning the proper receipt in the county book, and upon delivery of the drafts to fuch per-fons, the treafnrer (hall counterfign them with his name, and the day of the month and year; and fuch draft fo drawn and countcriigned ihall be to the faid governor and com* pany of the bank of Ireland, or their caftiier, full and lawful authority to pay the contents thereof to the drawer or his, or her order, out of the monies fo as aforefaid to be paid to them by the faid treafurcr, on account and to the credit of the county of Dublin.

L.XII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That in each term when the treafurer of the county ovcrf^eri^fiec. (hall lay his accounts upon oath before the grand jury, he to be laid before (hall produce to them the receipts of the overfeers whofe thc giand jury, accounts were allowed, and thofe of the perfons to whom 5ec* any money was prefented to be paid, and which was allowed by the court or the drafts of the infpedtor, if they have hot been demanded, and at every Eafter and Michael* mas term after the accounting affidavits and the presentments empowering any overfeer to expend any fums in executing any publick work, (hall have been hated by the court, the infpedtor (hall make out an account for the	infpe&orto

county at large, in which he (hall make the county deb- malcc out an actor for the amount of all fuch fums as have been at; former count ** crc,n* terms accounted for, and that have not been demanded, and for the amount of all fums (landing on the query-book the brft day of that term for the county at large, and that may be accounted for, ard for the amount of all fums that were. prefented and hated that term, and (hall give the county credit for fuch part of the ca(h in the bank as (hall belong to the county at large, and after having (truck the balance (hall proportion it a* near as may be upon the feveral baronies, and (hall in like manner make out a feparate account for every barony, adding to the debit fide the proportion of the fum that the barony is to pay, which was prefented on the county at large that term, and having (truck the ba-	,

lance at the foot of each barony account, the grand jury on the lad day of the term, (hall prefent thofe balances to be raifed off the feveral baronies, and (hall at the fame time lay before the couit the feveral accounts ligned by the in-fpcctor.

L.X1II. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, Srm^tobe That it (lialJ not be lawful for the court in either of the laid preieutcd in preleu ting terms, to allow prefentment to raile money on the baiocy as

baronies *



Digitized by

Google

The vmtntyjtrnh Yu* §/ Georgt III.

A. D. 17S6. Chap. 14.

bardnie* at large, exceeding in the whole m eaeh bartfov the following firms, that is to lay,

BARONIE.S.

Of Upper-Crof* Nether-Croft Newcaftlc Balrothery Rathdown Caftlenodt Coolock

Saint Sepulchre’* Donore

£■'	X.	<L
95*	1	0
«8o	10	0
740	0	0
U91	5	0
6ti	*7	0
JOJ	9	0
817	it	0
78	is	0
1+4-	10	0

Total £5732 ty o

Arrears to be LXIV. Provided always That it lhall be lawful for the fiated, dec. court to fiat over and above thofe feteral fums, all arrears that the coiledors lhall return, a* is directed by this ad, and which the grand jury lhall pfefent to be levied off the dif-trid or parifh where fuch arrears became due, m addition to the portion fuch dillrid or parifh is to pay of the fum presented at that term to be applotted ; and the infpedor (hall on the laft day of each term, deliver to the clerk of the crown all fuch affidavits and accounts as he fhall have received from the grand jury or the clerk of the crown, together with the county accounts, and the fcveral barony accounts that were laid before the court, that they may be preferVed amongft the records of the office.

Treaftrer to LXV. And be it further enaded by the authority afort-•pen an office, fowl, That every treafurer of the county lhall open an office on the fourth day after the laft day of each term, in forae . part of the city of Dublin, or the liberties adjoining, and fhaH keep it open from ten in the morning until three m the afternoon, for eight days fucceflively, Sunday excepted, in order to deliver drafts upon the bank, to all fnch perfons who (hall be entitled to them; and upon the death, refig-fcation, or removal of any infpedor of the publick accounts Off the county, or of any fecretary, the eledion of an officer in the place of fuch infpedor or fecretary fhaH be made by the foreman and grand jurors of the next preceding Erf-ter or Michaelmas term, as it lhall happen to be, and lhall be made and certified in the fame manner and ?n the like tiutnber of days as is herein before direded for the ck&ion aff an infpedor of publick accounts.

LXVI. And

The teotntycfixth Tear of George HI.

47

L.XVI. And whereas the falafy at prefent by law efta- A. D. blidied for the treafarer of the county of Dublin is made- '	1786.

quate to the expence, hazard, and trouble of the office :	Chap. 14.

be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for the grand jury at each Eafter and Michaelmas term, to prefent a Turn not exceeding one hundred potmds, to be raifed off the county at large, to enable the grand jury	Treafurer’s

to pay a falary to the treafurer for fix months, and a draft kUry, for one half of the fum fo to be presented, (ball in the term in which fuch prefenttnent (hall be made, be drawn by the foreman of the grand jury, upon the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, in favour of the treafurer or his order, and a like draft in the next fucceeding term, the contents of which drafts the faid governor and company or their cafhier are to pay, and to charge the fame to the debit of the faid County ; and that it fhali not be lawful for any grand no prefent-jury of the faid county at any time to prefent, nor for the court to allow any fum of money to be raifed for, or to- j^Jlttare ex-ward, payment of the falary of the treafurer, unlefs the amined, &c. grand jury at the preceding term (hall have examined into his accounts of the term immediately preceding it, and (hill have certified fuch their examination, with their opinion thereupon, tigned by twelve of (aid jurors at the lead ; and that the grand jury at each Eader and Michaelmas term may prefent a fum not exceeding fifty pounds, to be raifed off the county at large, to enable them to pay a falary to	^

the infpettor of the county accounts, and that fuch drafts fpCc£0^ ° as before directed in refpedt to the falary of the treafurer,

(hall in the fame terms be drawn by the foreman of the grand jury, upon the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, in favour of the infpe&or or his order, and paid by the faid governor and company, or then* cafhier, and charged to the debit of the faid county.

LXVIL And whereas the fum of publick money that will at aliy tmu- hereafter red in the hands or power of the Ces o/trcafurer treafurer can be but very inconfiderable, it fhali on the paf- and his furctics fing of this a& bfe lawful for the .officer ef his Majcfty’B to delivered up, court of -Exchequer to deliver up to the prefent treafurer of the county, and to his furetres, the recognizance that they entered into, to be made null and void, notwithftandmg any chwfe or chiufcs contained In an acl made in the thirteenth and fourteenth of his prelent Majedy, entitled, An *8fir the better regulating the office of county treafurer, which fo for as it relates to the hours and time of opening his office that are therein dire&ed to be kept by the treafurer of die county of Dublin, or to the recognizance that he and his two fureties are direded to be bound in, (hall be and is hereby repealed and made null end void: provided, that the faid

treafurer

z

Digitized by

Google

48

A. D. 1786, ' Chap. 14.

ftcurity to be given by trei-luicr in future.

Affidavit of treafurer.

Overfeer to give notice to 1 iihiholders t6 <cour the drains, See.

The twenty-fixtb Vear of George III.

treafurer and evef*y perfon that (hall hereafter bcele&ed trea-furer of the county of Dublin, (hall give fecurity by recognizance with two or more fufficient fureties of landed property, to be approved of by the grand jury at the court of King’s Bench, jointly and feparately in the film of two thoufand pounds, condi,tinned that fuch treafurer (hall well and truly execute the office of treafurer, and (hall account for all fuch fuim of the pu'olick money, as (hall come to his hands, and (hall pay them into the bank of Ireland, within fuch time as by this ad is direded; and that the box, and all the books belonging to the county, and the feveral bi\~ lonies* Ihall upon his demife, reilgnation, or removal from the office, be delivered to the perfop who fliall be eleded treafurer in his place immediately after the eledion ; and provided, that every treafurer (hall before he enters upon the office, before one of the judgts of the King’s Bench, make the following affidavit:

/ A B. being defied treafurer of the county of Dublin, do fiuear, that I •will jujlly and honejlly execute the office of treafurer of the faid county, ami tbit as often as I receive from the feveral collectors or high conjlable, or any collector or high rm-Jlsble, a fum or fums of money amounting in the •fvhole to one hundred pounds of the public money, I •will pay it or cavfe it to be paid unto the bank of Ireland at by ad of Parliament is required.

LXVIII. And be it enaded by the authority aforefiid, That every overfeer may give notice to the owner or occupier of any land adjoining the road he is auvunud to over-fee or to keep in repair and free from nuifrices, to fcourhis drains or ditches, or to cut or clip the hedges at the Tides of fuch road3 at a height not exceeding five feet, timber trees therein excepted, which, if the owner or occupier (hall ncgled to do within ten days after ferving fuch notice, any jullice of the peace of the county, upon complaint of fuch overfeer and affidavit of the fervire of fuch notice upon the owner or occupier may by warrant under his hand and feal, empower the overleer to have the drains and ditches effectually fcoured, or the hedges cut or clipped, timber trees therein excepted, and to levy the expences attending thcroon off the goods and chatties of fuch owner or occupier, together with one (hilling and fix pence per day for every day inch overfeer fliall be employed in attending and overfeeing fuch work ; provided that no fuch notice ihall be given from the fifteenth of June, to the lifteenth of September ; and if the owner or occupier of any land or houle adjoining any publick road, (ball lay or fufferto be laid upon anv

5	part

The touentyfxtb Tear of George III.,

49

fort of any road oppofite to bis or her land or houfe, any duna^ill, dirt, mbbifh, or other nuifaucc, and (hall negledt for forty eight hours to remove the fame, after notice (hall be given them by any oveifeer or any other perfon, or (hall ncgleft to make fewers or pipes for the free paflage of any water that may be obftru&ed byjany (loppage in the ditch or drain of his or her land, or by the palling of cattle into his or her land, or to his or her houfe from fuch road, fo as to ki* jure fuch road fort^ eight hours next after fervice of fuch notice perfonally, or at his or her houfe or ufual place of abode, then and in that cafe, upon complaint being made to any juftice of the peace, he (hall iffue his warrant or fum-moils, requiring the party or parties to appear before hia* at a certain place and time therein to be mentioned to an* fwer the faid complaint, and the faid juftice (hall then in the prefence of the party complained agamft if attending, br if they do not attend, and proof be made of the regular feu-vice of fuch fummons, proceed to examine into the matter of the faid complaint, and if it (hall be manifeft to the faid juftice upon fuch examination by confefiion of the party, or upon oath of any one credible witnefs, that the (aid complaint was well founded, fuch juftice (hall fine the occupier or owner of filch land or houfe in any fum not exceeding ten (hillings for each and every day the faid nuifatices (hall be fuffered to remain unremoved, after the forty eight hours within which he or (he (hould have removed or abated the faid nuifance, and which fine, if not paid, (hall be levied on the warrant of fuch juftice by any conftable, by dif-trefs and fale of the goods and chatties of the offender, and the money ariling by the fale, after deducing the fifle and expences of making the diftrefs, (hall be paid to the owner, and every fuch tine (hall be applied by fuch juftice in manner following ; firft to defray the cxpence of removing or abating the nuifance, and the remainder, if any, io bread to the poor of the parifh or di(lri£l, to be diftri-buted by the church wardens or any principal refiding inha-

A, D.

1786, Chap. 14.

bitant.

LXIX. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That no perfpn (hall en.lofe any part of any road or waftc tbclonging to any road within the faid county of Dublin, by adding the fame to hi*9 or her field, or groufti, nor (hall dig any pit on the fide of any road within the faid county ; nor (hall build any houfe, except where a houfe now (lands, or part of a houfe, wi hin fixteen feet of the center of ary road within the faid county of Dublin, except the fame lie3 within a market-town; nor (hall build any limekiln, or ere& any wind m il within twenty yards of any publick road within the faid county ; and if any (hall be fo built or

Vol. VIII.	D	.	dug

Enclosing any part of the road, or digging any pit thereon, or building any houfe except as herein.

Digitized by Google

5°

The t'wtnfy-Jjxth Tear of George III.'

A. T>.

178 6. Chap. T4-

Perfons com-imuing any of the matters herein, forfeit 2c*. &c.

dug hereafter contrary to this a&, it (hall be lawful for any two jufticcs of the peace by their warrant, to ordrj fuco houfe or part of a houfe* or lime-kiln, or wind-mill, or in-clofure to be pulled down, or pit to be filled up, and all neceftary expencc attending the pulling down, and removing fuch nuifance (hall be levied upon the warrant of fucli juftices, by the diflrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of the owner: provided, that if any perfoo or per tons (hall think themfclves aggrieved by fuch order of fuch jufticcs, upon tendering or depofiting the fum ot’ ten pounds in tbc hands of any juft ice of the peace of the county, with a*t appeal againft fuch order to the jufticcs at the next quarter feflions, fuch order (hall be fuperfeded, which appeal (hall be tried by a jury at the next quarter feflion 5 and if upon the hearing of fuch appeal and trial* the verdift be to confirm the order, -the ten pounds fo depofited (hall be applied to abate, pull down, and remove fuch houfe, part of a houfe, kiln, mill, or enclofure, and all reafonable cofts (kill be adjudged by the court againil either the appellant, or the jufticcs who made the order, according as the verdid (hall be.

LXX. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any uerfon (hall draw any timber or boards, or (licks, or mill-ftone, without fupporting the fame entirely .upon a carriage, on any road within the faicfcounty, whicK was made or repaired by presentment, or (hall keep any cur-dog, maftiffr or bull-dog, at any houfe within fifty yards of any road, without having a block of wood of the weight of five pounds at the leaft, faftened to the neck of every fuch dog, or (hall injure any of the hedges, walls, or fences inclofing any road in laid county; or (hall burn any weeds, or bricks within one hundred yards of any road, or (hall cut any turf, or make any turWlack within twenty feet of the center of any road ; or (hall pull down any part of any bridge, or injure any mile-ftnne, or finger-poft, or fhall put up any fign poft, or may-bufh within ten feet of any road, or leave any car or cart in the night time, between fun-fet and fun-rife, on any part of anyroad, without leaving a paflage of twenty one feet at the leail in the clear, or (hall lay any turf, dung, dirt, draw, rubbifh, er the figuring of any ditches, or drains, or other filth, or any ftones or timber, upon any road, or (hall leave the car cafe of any dead horfe, mule, or afs, or other bead, or (kin any dead horfc, mple, or other beaft on any road, or within one hundred yards of the center of any road, or fhall lead or drive any car or cart with timber, boards, or iron crofs-way3 on fuch car or cart, which (hall proje& beyond cither fide of fucli car or cart, or (lull turn the couidc of any water upon any road, 4	fi)



1

j

Digitized by Google

TJje twentyfxth Tear of Georg* II*.

fo as to injure it, or fcrape the gravel off any road, except Hough or mud that (hall be thrown up for the purpofe of letting off the water, or repairing the road by an overfcer, or per foil aftirtg under the authority of the grand juries of the laid county, or (ball winnow any corn upon any road, or /hall fteep or dry any flax within one hundred yards of any road within the faid county, fuch perfon fhall upon con-viftion by the oath of one credible witnefs, before anyjuftice of the peace of the county, forfeit a fum not exceeding twenty (hillings, to be levied by dillrefs or falc of the goods and chatties of the offender, and any juftice of the peace, ruay order any dog that (hall be kept contrary to this aft, to be kfiled ; and if the occupier of any land (hall lay, or occupiers of < atife to be laid, or fuffer to be laid upon his land, within hnd, offending three miles of the city of Dublin, or within one mile of herein, forfeit the towns corporate of Swords and Newcaille, for manure or any other purpofe, any offals, or blood, or the feraping of (laughter lioufes, or of (hambles, or the emptying of privies, without immediately covering the fame with fuch rjuagtiiv of lime or earth as fhaU be fufficient to prevent any’ annoyance therefrom, and (hall upon view of anyjuilice of the peace, or upon the information of one credible witnefs upon oath, be convifted thereof, he (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings for every fuch offence; and it (hall be lawful	5mj

for any perfon to take and . carry away all fuch turf, dirt, may take away dung, draw, or rubbilh, com, filth, fcouring of any ditches lurh or drains, or (tones, as he (hall find to be laid as aforemen-	*5	ilerc*n*

tioned, upon any part of any road, and apply the fame to his own ufe ; and if any perfon (hall lay any dung or dirt, laying dang coilefted from the ftreets of the city of Dublin, 6r liberties or dirt of the thereof, nearer than twenty yards to any toad within three	city, as	herein,

miles of the call la of Dublin, or nearer than twenty-one	**	pcr

feet to any road at a greater diftance than three miles from * the fame, and (hall upon view of any juftice of the peace, or fendchal of any manor within their refpeftive jurisdictions, or upon the oath of one credible witnefs, be convifted thereof, fuch peifon (hall forfeit the fum of fix pence fpr every load fo laid down: provided, that the owner or occupier of any field or garden, (hall be at liberty to lay down within the fame, fo much of the fcavenger’s dirt as (hall be fufficient to manure the fame for one year, without incurring the penalty ; and if any perfon (hall ride or drive any riding, dec. horfe, bead, or cattle, willingly or unneceffarily upon any on the fppt-path foot-path, fuch perfon (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the	IOt*

fum of ten (hillings, if convifted thereof by the oath of one credible witnefs before any juftice of the pea^e of the county, or upon the view of fuch juftice, which penalty (hall be levied by warrant of fuch juftice, by diftrefa and falc of Da	the

Digitized by (^ooQle

51

A. D.

1786. Chap 14.

Trcafurer, &c. not to be 00 a jury.

Juftices to pot thi* ad in force, 5rc. as herein.

Mode of proceeding when work if* to be

done, as herein.

Thi twenty-fxth Year of George III.

the boric, bead, or cattle, fo ridden or driven upon fuck foot-path ; and it (hall be lawful for any perfons to ftop any horfe, or beaft that (hall be ridden or driven upon any foot- j path, and to take fuch horfe or bead to the next, of any juftice of the peace, there to be detained until the owner (hall be acquitted, or (ball pay the penalty.	I

LXXI. And be it enafted by the authority afordaid, ! That it (hall not be lawful for the (heriff of the county to return upon any pannel for any jury in the county of Dublin, any perfon who (hall be cither treafurer, infpe&or of the accounts, fecretary of the, grand jury, or colle&or of any barony.

LXXII. And be it ensiled by the authority aforefaid, That his Mfcjcfty’s juftices of the peace of the county, art	j

hereby authorized and required to put this a& into execu-	1

tion, and to adminifter the feveral oaths herein before dired- 1 ed to be taken without fee or reward ; and that it (hall be lawful for any perfon of the profeffion called quakers to make affirmation inftead of the feveral oaths and affidavits j required by this alt, which affirmation (hall exprefs as nearly I as poffibk, the fame words as the feveral oaths and affidavits ; and if any perfon (hall forfwear himfelf or herfelf, or being a quaker, make a falfe affirmation, and (hall be thereof convi&ed by due courfe of law, he, /he, or they (hall fuffer the pains and penalties which by law are enalted againft perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt peijury.	|

LX XI11. And whereas difficulties frequently arife when applications are made for presentments to repair roads, or to exceute other public works, which ufually have been and ought to be repaired and executed at the joint expence of the county of the city of Dublin, and the county of Dublin, or at the joint expence of the county of the city of Dublin, and one or other of the baronies of the county of Dublin : be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Thit as often as any affidavit to ground any preferment for any work that ufually has been executed and ought to be executed at the joint expence of the county of the city of Dublin, and the county of Dublin, or at the joint expencc of the county of the city of Dublin, and any barony of the county of Dublin, (hall be laid before the court of King’s-bench, on the firft fitting day of any Eafter or Michaelmas term, the court {hall charge the grand jury of the county of the city of Dublin, and the grand jury of the county of Dublin, to meet in imc room at a certain time to be named by the court, jointly to read and confider fuch affidavit, and. to make preferment thereon, if they find the Work nlceflhry to be done ; and every preferment figned by twenty-four of fuch jurors fo meeting fhall be allowed by * -	the

♦

Digitized by

Google

9

I

The twentyftxth Tfar tf George HI.

the court, and the money fo prefented fhajl be levied n the ufual manner, one moiety thereof upon the county of the city of Dublin, and the other moiety upon the county of Dublin, or one or other of the baronies of the county of Dublin, as the cafe ma]*be.

LXXIV. And whereas it would tend to preferve the avenues leading to the city of Dublin, and keep them In better repair, if the grand jury of the county of the city of Dublin, were empowered to appoint overfeers to keep »q repair and free from nuifances,' thofc parts of the roads that are within the liberties of the faid city: be it enaded by the Grand tor* authority aforefald, That it (hall and may be lawful for the to appoint an grand jury of the county of the city of Dublin, at any overfeer fen Ealler or Michaelmas term, to prefent for a time not ex-, ceeding one year, an overfeer to keep in repair and free from ** water and all other nuifances, any number of perches not exceeding fix hundred, and to empower fuch overfeer to exr pend any fum not exceeding one (hilling £»r every perch \ provided that no perfon (hall be fo appointed unlefs he dehre* to be appointed, and (hall in writing fpccify the road an4 the plaw where fuch perches begin, and where they end} and provided, that tlie grand jury may at the next Eailer or Michaelmas term, when the year from the firft day of the term in which fach overfeer (hall be appointed (hall be ended, or at any fucceeding Eailer or Michaelmas term, within one year, prefent fuch fum as (hall be expended by fuch overfeer, upon an affidavit or affidavits accounting fo? the fan^ in the manner that overi&rs appointed by tbf grand jury of the county of Dublin are by this ad directed to account.

LXXV. And whereas overfeers in the county of Dublin have full and ample power to oblige owners and occupiers of land adjoining the feveral roads, to fcour and draw off the water out of their feveral ditches from the faid roads ; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral overfeers of roads appointed by the grand juries of the county of the city of Dublin, (hall have the tome power as thofe overfeers in the county of Dublin have.

LXXVI. And whereas it is enabled by an ad palled in the nineteenth and twentieth years of his prefent Majcfty, entitled, An aS to empower grand juries to contraS for keeping public roads in repair, That the provifions of the faid ad (hall not extend to the county and county of the city of Dublin : be it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to g™d jury or and for the faid grand jury of the faid county, or county of ^c^ocontraa the city, for their feveral dill rids refpedively, or the truf- for keeping in tees of any of the turnpike roads leading to the city, to repair the roads contrad with any perfon or perfons, body or bodies corpo- M herein.

rate

19&10G. 3.

c. 18.





The twenty fixth Tear of George 111,

rite for any fum or fums of money to be expended in repairing fuch roads as are fituated between the limits of th^ city of Dublin, and the circular road, an^ that the faitf grand jury of the county, or county of the city, (hah pre-lent fuch fum or% fums for the fail? ptirpole as they respectively (hall think proper ; provided fuch annual fum or furr a. (hall not exceed by the perch fuch rate as has been prelentcd many one year, during thefe lall ten yeais, for any perch of each of the faid roads refpeftively, any thing contained in the faid aft to the contrary not with (landing.

Application of LXXV1I. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, ^C*	one mol*ety of all forfeitures and pecuniary penalties

inflifted by this ad, and not otherwise applied, (hull be .. paid to tKe perfon who (hall convift the ofteuder with full Coft, and the remainder (hall be paid to the tieafurer of the county infirmary, for the benefit of the infirmary ; and i£ any perfon convifteef of any cfTence by this aft (hall not be able to pay the penalty, if (hall be lawful for the jutlice of

Jhe peace, before whom fuch perfon was convifted, to fend uch perfon to the gaol of the county, there to remain at .hard labour for fuch time as the juilice (hall think proper, hot exceeding one month.

Fftfentmem* LXXVIII. And be it enafted by the authority aforcfaidr ihide before That all preferments made before the pacing ot this aft* to bc^xccfited *	exccute(l» levied/ and accounted for according to

&e. according* the forms prescribed hy the adls that are hereby repealed, to former act%r and not according to the forms prefcrlbcd by this aft, and that (f any fuit (hall be commenced again# any ^rfon or perfons for anything done iirpurliiar.ee of this aft, that in every fuch calc the aftion or fuit (hall be co;m«ie»t^d w ithin • fix calendar months next after the faft was committed, a net not afterwards, and (hall*be laid in the faid county of Dublin and not elfewhere, and the' defendant or defendants iu fuch aftion or aftlons (hull and iT.ay*plc«d the genual iiTue, and give this aft ai.d the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to b# had thereupon, and that thd fame >vas dune in furfuance and by the authority of this rft ; and if it (halt appear fo to have been dene, or that fuch action or fuit \va > brought after the time before limited, or in any other comity or place than in the county of Dublin, tliat then the jury (hall find for the defendant cr defendants, arid upon ftich verdift, or if the plairitifF (liall be hon-fuited or dii-C»nli<>Oe his aftion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if oti any demurrer judgment (hall be given again#* the plaintiffy the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cells, and have the like remedy for the A fiiblhkawf. fame, as any defendant or defendants hath have in other cafes by law, and this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and •‘ « •	«	take®

The twentyfixth Tear of George III.

taken to be a publick adt, and be judicially taken notice of as .fuch by all judges, jultices, and other perfon3 whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fam£,

ss

A. ,D.

x 7 86.

CHAP. XVI.

An Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourfe between this Continued Kingdom and the United States of America.	annually.

FQ R facilitating trade and intercourfe between this kingdom and the United States of America; belt enadted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and conient of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no manitett, certificate, or other document whatfoever, (hall be required for ,any (hip or vefiel belonging to the faid United States of America, arriving from thence at any port in this kingdom, or upon entering or clearing out from any port in this kingdom, for any port or place within the (aid United States, excepting fuch bonds as are required to be taken duly to export, and not to re-land any goods entitled to a drawback or bounty ; any law, ilatute, or cuilom to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That in any cafe where a certificate is required to difeharge any fuch bond entered into for the due landing fuch goods within the faid United States, fuch bond (hall and may be difeharged upon a certificate under the hands and feals of aijy officers, who are or may be appointed by the faid United States, or any of them for that purpofe ; and if it fhiril happen, that there fhall not be any officer fo appointed, then and in fuch cafe, fuch bond fhall and may be difeharged upon a certificate under the hand and feal of any magiftrate of the faid United "States, or any of them, certifying that there is no fuch officer at fuch port or place, and that oath hath been majde before fuch magiftrate by the matter or other perfon haying the charge of fuch (hip, that the goods for which fuch certificate is required were duly landed by himVithin the faid United States.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all goods, wares, and merchandizes, being the growth or production of any of the United States of America, may be imported diredtly fiom thence into any of the ports of v	this

Digitized by

Google

Tie twntyfxti Tsar of George III.

tills kingdom, cither in British, Irifh, or American (HJjys* by’Britifh or Irifh fubje&3, or by any of the people inhabiting in and belonging to the faid United States, or any' of them, and that the goods, wares, and merchandizes afore-faid, (hall and may be entered and landed in any port of this kingdom, upon payment of the feme duties as the like articles refpedively are or may be fubje& to, if imported by Irifh fubje&s in Irifh fhips from any Britifh ifland in the Weft Indies, or plantations in America, and no other, not-withftanding fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, or the (hips in which the feme may be brought, may not be accompanied with the certificates or other documents heretofore required by law.

IV.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefeid. That for (hips clearing out from any of the poits of this kingdom to any of his Majefty’s Wed Indian idands, which (hall take on board any of the articles following, that is to fay, rum, fugar, molafTes, coffee, cocoa-nuts, ginger, or piamento, to be carried from thence to any part or place within the United States of America, any bonds and fecu-rities taken for fuch (hips, (hall and may be cancelled and difeharged upon the like certificates, as are hereby required to difeharge any bonds given in this kingdom for the due landing any other goods in the faid United States of America.

V.	A nd be it further enafted by the authority aforefeid. That all bonds and fecurities which (ball have been taken fince the fecond day of July, one thoufend feven hundred and eighty-three, for any (hip clearing out for any of his Majefty’s Weft India idands, (hall in like manner be cancelled and difeharged upon the like certificates as herein before dire&ed.

VI.	Provided always. That this afl (hall continue and be in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufen^ feven hundred and eighty-feven, and no longer.

i

’ CHAP.

7'he	twentyfixtb	Tear tj (Seorge IIL

CHAP. XVII.

ASMa to explain find * nend fin Aft haJfiJ in this Kingdom in the eigb h Year of the Rc gn of Her late Myefty Queen Anne, entitled. An eft for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange, and malting Prcmijfory Notes more oh-

ligatory.

XX^HEREAS by the find ad it is enafled, That for protv fling all inland bills of exchange in this kingdoth, a fum not exceeding two (hillings, (hall be paid to the public notaries for fuch proteft: and whereas the faid payment of two (hillings for each proteft made payable to the faid public notaries by the faid ad, is inadequate to the trouble attending the fame, and fmee the palling the (aid ad, fcveral damp duties have been impofed, which the pub-lick notaries are obliged to advance, to their manifeft lofs and inconvenience : and whereas there is not any payment direded by law to be made to them for protefting foreign bills of exchange, or noting bills of exchange: be it therefore enaded by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the feveral publick notaries of this kingdom, (hall be entitled to demand, receive, and recover the fum of four (hillings for protefting any foreign bill of exchange whatsoever, and the like fum for protefting any inland bill of exchange, exceeding the amount of twenty pounds; and the fum of two (hillings and fix pence for protefting any inland bill of exchange, not exceeding the amount of twenty pounds; and the fum of one (hilling and fix pence for noting any bill of exchange, over ana above all (lamp duties which are or (hall be payable thereon.

II. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That this ad (hall be deemed, taken, and allowed in all courts of juftice in this kingdom, as a publick ad, without fpecially pleading the fame.

By Sth Aime, js. was payable on proteft ng any inland bill of exchange.

public notaries (hall henceforth receive for protefting, as herein.

A publick a£h

CHAP.

*...

Digitized by

Google

Amended 32

G. 3 c. 35. f-18. Scc.54.8cc.

6th of An&c,

f. 20.

3G 3. c. 15

md fuch parts of former »d* f» herein, repealed.

Perfons here* in named, are appointed the ^Corporation.

The twenty fxtb Tear of George III.

CHAP. XIX.

An Ad for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering rt3 Port and Harbour more commodious.

WHEREAS the laws now in force for cleaning ant!

improving the port and harbour of Dublin, and the river Anna Liffey, and for regulating the condud of the mailers and owners of (hipping referring to the faid port and harbour, in the throwing out and taking in of their ballad, and for fecuring of Ihips and vertels trading to the faid harbour, have been foi;nd inefFe&ual: be it therefore cna&ed by the King’s meft excellent Majelly, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritunl and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aiTerr.bled, and by the authority of the fame. That an ad parted in the £xih year of the reign of her late Majelly Queen Anne, entitled. An aB far dcatfing the fort, harbour, and river of Dubbin* andfor ereding a ballaf-office in tlx faid city ; and alfo one other ad parted in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majelly, entitled, An all for vcjling further powers in the lord mayor, Jhcriffs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, and for the fecuring of Jhips trading to the port and harbour of Dubliny and alfo fuch part or parts of all and cveiy other ail $nd ads of Parliament now in force in this kingdom, as veils or yell any power or authority whatfoever relative to any of the matters aforefaid in any perfon or perrons, body or bodies politick and corporate, be, and the fame are hereby from henceforth repealed.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-/aid, That the right honourable the lord mayor and (herirts of the city of Dublin for the time bring, together with the right honourable the lord vifeount Rane-lagh, the right honourable John Fpllcr, the right honourable John Beresford, the* right honourable fir John Parnell, baronet, the right honourable John Monck Mafon, George Sutton, efquire, Robert Black, John Patrick, Arthur Bryan, Lcland Crolllnvaite, George Maquay, Ifaac Weld, Jofeph Sandwith, John fiendrick, Jofcph Wilfon, John Cat let on, Robert Lloyd, efquires, and alfo the following aldermen of the faid city, that is to fay, alderman James Hamilton, alderman William Alexander, ar.d aider-man Henry Howifon, be and are hereby appointed or.e J:ody corporate and politick for carrying into execution the purports clF this ad, and as fuch fhall have perpetual fuc-Ldlien, anti be capable of fuirg and being fued, and iball

' *	be

Digitized by

Google

Money, 6cc. which at paffing this a£t were

veiled in faid corporation, as hcreiu.

Debts now

•	* The twenty fix th Teafof George III.

be called and known by the name of. The corporation for preftrvtKg and improving the port of Dublin^ and (hall have a common feql.

III.	And be It enaded by the authority aforefaid. That

nil and every fum and furns of money, goods, chattels, tfltcls, eftates, ami property of what natuie or kind foever, ^ ^ which by virtue of, o i under the faid feveral hereinbefore	jnthe

mentioned aits, or any of them, were immediately before lord mayor, ficc the paffing of thk ad, veiled in the faid lord mayor, are hereby (herirTs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, or in auy other perfon or perions whatfoever, for the ufes and puvpofes m the faid ads mentioned and contained, or any of th . be, and the fame are hereby from henceforth veiled in I lie laid corporation Hereby appointed, to and foi the feveral ufes, intents, and purpofes direded by this ad, and that *hc fame, and all and every the books of account, miputes^ vouchers, fecurities, papers, evidences, and writings whatsoever, relating to the fame, be immediately after the paifc ing of this ad, delivered to the faid corporation by the faid lord mayor, iheriffs, commons, and citizens, their proper officer or officers, or fuch other perfon or perfona as ihall have the cuilody thereof.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority owJn aforefaid, That all and every' juft debt and debts, which h^c^orward be hath or have been contrad cd under or by virtue of any ad deemed »hc

o; pds of Parliament, and is or are now due and owing by debts of faui the fafd lord mayor, iherifTs, commons, and citizens of the ° rPOIutian’ city of Dublin, to any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick cr corporate, for or on account, or in refped of any mitter or thing in the faid ads, or any of them contained, or of arty money borrowed by the faid lord mayor,

Iheriffs, common?, and citizens of the city of Dublin, ruder or by virtue of ar.y ad or ads of Parliament for car-tying into execution the purpofes of the faid ads, fhall be and continue a charge and lieu upon all and every the faid money, goods, chattels, eftatea, ar.d property', and alio upon all and every the future payments, rates, duties, and re venues, to arife by this ad, and (hall be the debts of the faid corporation hereby appointed, in like manner as bdforc the paffing of this ad, the fame were the debts of the faid lord mayor, fherifis, commons, and citizens 6f Dublin, or of the matter of the bajlaft-office ; and the faid lord mayor, iheriffs, commons, and citizens, and matter of the ballaft-office, are hereby difchafgtd to all iutents and purpofes from the payment of every fuch debt. '

V.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That

the members of the faid corporation hereby appointed, or ;	fome

Firft meeting.

m

t * *

Digitized by

Goo<

6®	Tbe twentyfxtb Tear of George III. *	,

A. D. fome three of them, do and (hall meet and aflemble them-1786. fclves at the Royal Exchange in Dublin, on or before the Chap.	firft day of May next, and do and (hall at fnch meeting, ap-

*	point and conftitnte ooe office in fome proper and convenient

* baHaft office place in the faid city, which from thenceforth (hall be called lobe appointed. #n(j	fey thc name cf 7^ ballajl office of the port of

Dublin ; and that each and every of the members of the faid member* to corporation (hall, before they' or any of them' proceed to take oath here* execute the purpofes of this aftj take and fabferibe the fol-“•	lowing oath or affirmation :

I A. B. do folemnly promife cndfvoer, That I will faith-fnllj and impartially according to the hejl of my {kill and knowledge, execute the fever a I powers and trufls committed to me* in and by an aft of Parliament now in force in this king-dam* entitled, dn aft for promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendering its port and harbour more commodious, without favour or affeftion, prejudice, or malice ; and / do alfo fo-lemnly j'wear, that I have not entered, and that during my being a member of the corporation appointed by the faid aft. Will not enter into any contrail dsreftly or indireftly, for executing the purpofes of the faid ai:, or any of them, or for fup-ptying any material for carrying on or executing the fame, nor will I be engaged in any fi urity for any perfon or per-fans holding, or who /hall hold any office by virtue of the faid aft, or for any perfon or perfons entering into, or who fhall enter into any contrail relating to the execution of any part of the faid aft.

So help me Grd.

Which oath or affirmation any three or more of the faid members are hereby empowered to adminifter to each other, and the fame is to be entered in a book to be kept particularly for that purpofe.

No deem- VI. And be it further enafted, That no aft of the mem-cd an a£t of the Qf ^ corporation (hall be deemed an aft of the N^membersbe ^a,<* corporation, unkfs there fhall be at the lead three mcm-oot picfent. bers of the faid corporation duly aflembled prefent at fuch aft, and that the aft of the majority of the members pre-fent not being fewer than three, at every meeting duly aflembled, (hall be, and be conhdered as the aft of the (aid corporation.

May meet VII. And be it'further enafted by the authority aforefaid, froper Cy m "Fha* from after fuch time as fuch office (hall be fo appointed as aforefaid, the faid corporation (hall and may at fuch times as often as they fhall think fit, meet and aflemble themlelves at the place fo to be appointed, or at fuch other place aa (hall or may from time to time be appointed by them

for

Digitized by

Googl'

The tiventy-Jixth Tear rf George III.

for fuch office, and (hall and may at fuch meeting^ give and fign orders for the neceflary, current and ufual expenditures for the carrying on the general and ufual bufinefs of the (aid corporation.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation from time to time, when and as often as they (hall think neceflary, or find it expedient, by fummons to be left at the ufual place of abode of each and every of the' members of the faid corporation, to convene a meeting or meetings of the faid corporation to be held at the faid office ; which fummons (hall exprefs the purpofe for which fuch meeting (hall be intended, and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, at fuch refpcftive meeting or meetings fo to be convened as aforefaid, to give and fign orders for the payment of all extraordinary or un-ufual expenditures which they (hall find and judge neceflary for carrying into execution the purpofes of this aft, and to eleft and appoint fuch officers as they (hall think fit and proper, for the execution of the feveral matters comprized in this aft, and to eftablifli fuch falaries and allowances to be paid to fuch officer and officers, and every of them refpec-tively, out of the produce of the payments and duties herein after direfted to be paid, as to the (aid corporation (hall feem fit and reafonable, and the fame to encreafe or diminifh from time to time, as to them (hall feem reafonable, and alfo from time to time, when it {hall appear to the faid corporation, that fuch officers or any of them, (hall have been guilty of any negleft or improper conduft, tp remove fuch officers, or any of them, and to eleft fuch others in their dead, as they (hall think fit, and alfo from time to time to make and ordain fuch rules, orders, bye-laws, and regulations for clcanfing and improving the faid port, harbour, and river of Dublin, and for regulating the condttft of the maflers and* owners of (hipping reforting to the faid port and harbour, in the throwing out and taking in their ballaft, and in Rationing and mooring their (hips and veflels, and for regulating the conduft of the owners and managers of lighters, gabbards, and other veflels to be employed in .fumifhing ballaft to, and taking ballaft from fuch (hipping, and for fecuring of (hips and veflels trading to the faid port and harbour, aod for regulating and condufting the bufinefs of the aforefaid office, and for the well governing of the fail office, and the feveral officers and clerks to be employed therein, and in and about the bufinefs thereof, and for regulating the conduft of, and well governing the feveral pilots, pilot-matter, and haven-matters, to be appointed as herein after mentioned, and for appointing the place in

which

Summon * meeting whan neceflary,

fign ordars, fcc.

make rules,sc. is herein.

Digitized

Ie

62

Return* in uritin; to be nude of pro* ceedinn, acd laid before the chief governor and council, u herein.

If di {approbation be not fignified within 2i days, fuch proceedings deemed valid.

May elefl members when vacancies happen,. as herein.

Tic twntyjixth Tear of Gcofgc III.

which fuch Officer as aforefaid, (hall be fr6m time to tin-to? held, as the (aid corporation (hall judge neceffary or expedient ; all which rules, orders, bye-laws, and regulations (hall be as binding and epnelufive to all intents and purptofes# as if the fame were ecafted by this a& ; provided fuch rule*, orders, bye-laws, and regulations, ot any of them, or any matter therein to be contained, (hall not be contrary to any of the laws or ftat^utes of this realm, or to this ad, or any of the daufes herein contained.

IX.	And provided alfo, That no fuch appointment or appointments as aforefaid, of any fuch officer cr officers a? aforefaid, or of the falary or fabrics, allowance or allowances, to be paid to them, or any of them, fhall be valid ; nor (hall any rule, order, bye-law, or regulation to be made by the faid corporation, be cf any force or tfFed, unlefs a return in writing of fuch appointment or appointments, falary or (alaries, allowance or allowances as aforefaid, and a true copy of fuch rule, order, bye-law, or regulation as aforefaid, as the cafe (hall happen to be (which return or copy (hall be under the feal of the faid corporation) (hall be laid before the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, and the privy council of this kingdom for the time bein^, by delivering the fame at the office of the clerk of the pnvy council, twenty-one days at lead before fuch appointment or appointments, rule, order, bye-law, or regulation, (hall be intended to take cffeA ; and if the faid lord lieutenant, or chief governor or governors and privy-council, (hall, within the faid twenty-one days, fignify to the faid corporation at their (aid office, their difapprobation of fuch appointment or appointments, rule, order, bye law, or regulation refpe&ively, the fame (hall be of no force or ewd.

X.	Provided always, T uat if the faid lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, and privy council for the time being, (hall not within the faid twenty-one days, to be computed from the day of delivering at the office of the clerk of the council in manner aforefaid, fuch return or copy as aforefaid, fignify to the faid corporation at their laid office, their diiapprobation of fuch appointment or appointments, rule, order, bye-law, or regulation refpc&ivc-ly, the fame (hall from the time of the expiration of the faid twenty-one days, (land in full force and effedl, notwithftand-ing that fuch lord lieutenant, or chief governor or governors, and privy council, (hall not have (igniiied any exprefs approbation thereof.

XI.	And be-it further ena ^cd by the authority aforefaid, That for continuing the fucceffion of the faid corporation from time to time, when arid as often as any of the faid

perfona

Tie twenfjjixth Tear of George III.

^rrfons hereby named, or hereafter to be clewed members of the faid corporation, ihall happen to die, or refign, or re* fufe or decline to aft, the remaining members of the laid corporation, at a meeting to be Convened by publick adver-tifement in the Dublin Gazette, and in fuch other publick newfpaper in the city of Dublin, as three or more of thd faid members ihall appoint, and alfo by fummons as aforefaid, Ihall from time to time cleft, nominate, and appoint, a fit and able perfon, or fit and able perfons to be member or members of #ie faid corporation, in the room and (Uad of fuch perfon or perfons as Ihall fo happen to die or refign, or re-fufe or decline to ad, fave only, that in cafe fuch vacancy Ihall happen, either by the death or refignation, or by the refilling or declining to ad, of the faid alderman James Hamilton, alderman William Alexander, or alderman Henry Howifon, then, and in fnch cafe, the lord mayor and board of aider-men of the faid city, (hall, within twenty-one days from the time fuch vacancy (hall happen, cleft, nominate, and appoint, one or more alderman or aldermen, to be a member or members of the faid corporation, in the room of fuch of the faid aldermen who fhall fo happen to die or refign, or refufe or decline to ad, and fhall continue fo to do, when any of the faid aldermen fhall die, refign, refufe, or decline to ad, fo a3 that at all times hereafter there may be three aldermen of the faid city in the faid corporation.

XII.	Provided, That in cafe the (aid lord mayor and board of aldermen fhall omit or negled to make fuch election, nomination, or appointment as aforefaid, within the faid twenty-one days from the time fuch vacancy fhall happen, the faid lord mayor and board of aldermen fhall not afterwards have any right or power of deding any alderman or aldermen, or other perfon or perfons in the room of fuch of the aforefaid aldermen, as fhall fo happen to die, refign, or refufe or decline to aft.

XIII.	Provided always, That no perfon fo tobeelefted, ihall have power to aft as a member of the faid corporation, unlefs a return in writing, containing the name and addition of the perfon who fhall be fo elefted, fhall be laid before the lord lieutenant, or chief governor or governors, and privy council of this kingdom for the time being, by leaving ihe fame at the office of the clerk of the privy council, twenty-one days at leaf! before fuch perfon fhall, in any manner aft as a member of the faid corporation; and that .if the faid lord lieutenant, or chief governor or governors, and privy council, fhall within the faid twenty-one days, fignify to the faid corporation, at their faid office, their diiapprobation of fuch eleftion, and direft a new one to be aaadc, then fuch eleftiou fhall be void, and the laid corporation



Upon neg left of lord mayor, fitc. for a i days, it Ihall not afterwards be in their power.

Perfons to be approved of by the chief governor and council.



If difapprofca-ti*»n be not fig-ni!»ed in li days, the election valid.

Ac j membpi abfent for 3 months, (except as herein) (hall ceafe to be a member.

Former officers (except as herein) continued.

The twenty-fixth Tear of George IIL

tton (hall go to, and hold in like manner, a new ele&on for the filling up fuch vacancy or vacancies, and fo from time to time, until fuch perfon (hall be fo eleded, as (hall not be difapproved of by the lord lieutenant, or chief governor or governors, and privy council as aforefaid.

XIV.	Provided always, That if tht faid lord lieutenant* or chief governor or governors, and privy council for the time being, (hall not within the faid twenty-one days, to be computed from the day of delivering in manner afore laid, fuch return as aforefaid, lignify to the faid #orporation at their faid office, a difapprobation' of fuch elc&ion as aforefaid, the fame (hall from the time of the expiration of the faid twenty-one days, be valid and eftedual to all intents and purpofes, notwithftanding that fuch lord lieutenant, or chief governor or governors, and privy council (hall not have fig-nified any exprefs approbation thereof, and then and from thenceforth, every perfon fo to be eleded, (hall have full power and authority to ad, and do in all things comprized in this a6t, in as full, large, and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as any of the members hereby nominated and appointed.

XV.	And be it euaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any of the perfons now nominated, or who (hall hereafter be eleded a member of the faid corporation, purfuant to the powers of this a61, (hall continue to abfent himfelf from the meetings of the faid corporation, for the fpace of three calendar months, without licenfe from the faid corporation previoufly given and entered in the minutes of the, fiiid corporation, fuch perfon (hall, frem and after the expiration of the faid three months, be deemed and confidcred as having declined to aA, and (hall to all intents and purpofes ceafe to be a member of the faid corporation, and the (aid corporation (hall proceed in manner herein before dired-cd, to the eledion of, and (hall eled a perfon in the room of the perfon fo abfenting himfelf, unlefs it (hall fully appear to the faid corporation, that fuch perfon was prevented from attending the meetings of the faid corporation by ficknefs.

XVI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the perfon and per ons who by virtue of the powers contained in the faid feveral ads of Parliament hereby repealed, were appointed officer or officers for carrying into execution all or any of the purpofes of the laid ads, or any of them (fave only and except fuch perfons as were appointed, or aded as a committee or committees purfuant to the diredions of the aforefaid ads) (h.-.ll continue under the direction and controul of the faid corporation, and as if appointed by them to ad in the fcveral duties of

5	the

Digitized by LaOOQle

Tie tooenty-fod Tear of George III.

the offices and employments to which they have been respectively appointed as aforefaid, fo far as the fame are confidant with this prefent ad, unlefs the faid corporation fhall think proper hereafter to remove fuch officer or officers, or any of them, from fuch employment or employments which the faid corporation are hereby empowered to do in man* ner herein before mentioned, at any time they (hall think fit*'

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afoi*e-

faid, That the faid corporation do and (hall provide and	to*

keep from time to time, a fufficient ninpber of lighters or ^ gabbards, together with proper and fufficient workmen,

toob, and engines, for the raffing ballad in fuch part or parts of the (aid harbour or river, as fhall be by them judged expedient, and (hall furnifh all (hips and veflels wanting or acquiring ballad within the faid port with ballad, at the rate* herein after mentioned, within twenty-four hours after notice fhall be given fo to do, by the commanders or matters of fuch (hip# or other veflels, to theperfon who (hall from time to time alt as ballad-ihader under the faid corporation, fo as wind and weather (hall permit the fame to be done$ and in cafe wind and weather (hall not within fiich twenty four hours permit the fame to be done, then the faid corporation, or the proper officer or officers, who fhall alt under the faid corporation for that purpofe, fhall furnifh or caufe to be furnifhed, fuch ballad to fuch (hips or veflels refpdtively, within twelve hours after wind and weather (hall permit them (p to do.

XVIII.	And be it further enalted by the authority afone-faid. That the faid ballad, fo to be furnifhed as aforefaid,.

(hall be brought to the (ides of the (hips or veflels which fhall have occaflon for the fame, in the lighters or gabbards tp be provided and kept as aforefaid, and thence immediately thrown into fuch (hips or veflels, by the crews of fuch (hips or veflels refpclfcivdy.

XJX. Provided always. That when and fo foon as one When wharf* or more wharf or wharfs (ball be ere&cd for the faring and arc exceed, and ftoring of ballad, purfuant to the powers herein alter con- “*** thereon, tained, and that there (hall be a fufficient quantity of ballad fuX.lhdlg* in or upon fuch wharf or wharfs, for the fupplying of any along fide,

(hip or veflel wanting the fame, it fhall and may be lawful a» herein, tp and for the faid corporation, or the officer or officers to be appointed by them for that purpofe, to order and diiylfc, at their diferetion, any (hip or veflel requiring Ballad as aforefaid (fave only and except fuch (hips or veflels as (hall have discharged their cargoes below fuch of the faid whaift as fhall be ffituated the farthefl down in the faid harbour or river) to go along.fide of fuch wharf or wharfs, and take in VoL.VIIf.	£	fuch

*5

A. D* 1786. Chap. ip.

Lighter*, fce.

Digitized by

66

The toventyfixth Tear of George 11L

A* D.	fiich ballad from the fide or (idea thereof; in winch cafe the

1786.	faid corporation, or their officer or officers; featt not be

Chap. 19. obliged to furniih fiich (hip or vefEd with ballad is a lighter or lighter*.

XX.	And be it farther ena&ed by the authority afore-m he rein k*d, That the faid corporation (hall furmfb, or caufe to be

furtiifhed, at the tates herein after mentioned, to the commanders or mailers of any (hips or veflels which (hall frott time to time arrive within the faid port, laden with ballad, good and fufficient lighters or gabbards, with proper and fufficient workmen and tools for the taking and carrying fuck ballad from fuch (hips or vdTels within twenty^tmr hours after notice for that purpofe /hall be given by fodi commanders or mailers refpe&ivdy, at the a&rtfaid office, if wind and weather (hall permit ; and in cafe triad and weather (hall oot then permit the fame, then within twelve hours after wind and weather (hall permit.them fo to do.

XXI.	Provided always. That Sunday (hall n6t be accounted any part of the twenty-four hoars, or M&lv* hburs

afore l aid-

Ships to dif- XXII. And provided alfo, That when and fo fdbW as haUait tiK r	R‘n^	wharfs	as afore faid, (hall be fo built and

a» herein. ere&ed, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, or the officer or officers to be appointed by them for that purpofe, to order and diredl, at their diferttk*), any (hip or veffcl requiring to discharge and unlade b&ffift* to ilifeharge and unlade fuch ballafi at and upon fuoh wharf or wharfs as aforefaid, provided fuch fhip Of veflel caw conveniently lay her fide to fuch wharf or whatft, in which cafe the faid corporation, or their faid officer or officers, (hall not be obliged to furnifii to the commander or mailer of any fuch (hip or veflel, any lighter or gabbard for the taking fuch ballad from fuch (hip or vcfieL Matters dc- XXIII. And to the end that fuch fighter# or gabbards layiug t° fhb °r as	or	may ^ employed in ballafi to, and taking ballafi

to bcPfined * ^rom ^uc^1	or veifela as aforefaid refpe&ively, fhall not

as herein. * be longer detained in fo doings than (hall be neceffirry j be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That in Cafe thecrtW of any (hip or veflel (ball negleft or refufe to take in or call out their ballad, fo as to occaitoir any unreasonable of tui-ueceflary delay therein to any lighter or lighters, gabbard or gabbards, which may be employed under the faid corporation to bring ballad to, or to take ballad froiA fuch (hip or vcfTel, then, and in fuch cafe, the commaftdtt or matter of every (hip or veflel refpe&ively fo delaying, (hall pay, 01 caufe to be paid to the ba^lail-maller for the rime being, for the damrge which (hall be fuftaided by ftfCh delay, fuch • •	1	*	fum

The twenty-Jjxtb Tear •/'Georg* III.	67

fum or films of money as the fai'4 corporation (hall in a fum-	A. D.

mary manner finally adjudge and determine; fuch fum or	1786.

fum* of money to be levied by warrant under the feal of the -Chap. 19. (aid corporation, by fale of the offender’s goods, provided v— that fuen fum do in no cafe exceed twelve pence for every hour fucK lighter or gabbard (hall be fo unneccffarily detained, by the neglc& or default of the crew of fuch (hip or (hips, veffel or veffels as aforefaid.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- jj^xccpt from faiid, That if the matter or commander of any (hip or veffel periotn appoint^ which (hall be in the laid liarbour, (hall take or permit, or cd, or deliver-fuffer to be taken into fuch (hip or veffel any ballad whatfo- inf lt to any ever, from any perfon or perfons, fave only from fuch per- penthy6"00* fon or perfons as (hall be thereunto appointed' by the faid as herein, corporation, or (hall permit or fuffer any ballad whatfoever

to be taken from fuch (hip or veffel, fave only by fuch perfon or perfons as (haH be thereunto appointed as aforefaid, then, not only the faid mader or commander, but alfo the perfon or perfons who (hall deliver to, or take from fuch (hip or veffel fuch ballad as aforefaid, (hall for every filch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds fterling, to be paid to fuch per- * fon or perfons as (hall give information of fuch offence to the faid corporation.

XXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore. . Veffels taking faid, That the mader or commander of every (hip or veffel ^ herein *** *** belonging to Great Britain, or to Ireland, 01 to the Britifh plantations, that (hall take in ballad from the (aid office,

within that part of the faid harbour lying wedward of the

houfe commonly called the Block-houfe, (hall pay, or caufe

to be paid, to the officer who (hall be appointed by the faid	—

corporation to receive the fame, twelve penc$ for every ton

of fuch ballad which (hall be fo delivered, and (hall pay or

caufe to be paid to the faid officer, for every ton of ballad

delivered eadward of the (aid houfe called the Block-houfe,

to any fuch (hip or (hips, veffel or veffels belonging to Great

Britain or Ireland, or the Britiffi plantations as aforefaid,

fifteen pence 5 and that the mader or commander of every

foreign (hip or veffel that (hall take in ballad as aforefaid,

(hall pay, or caufe to be paid, to the officer or officer* who (hall be appointed by the faid corporation to receive the fame as aforefaid, one third part more for every ton of ballad which (hall be fo delivered to fuch foreign (hip or veffel, than what is as aforefaid directed to be paid by (hips or veffels belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, or the Britifh plantations.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That the mader or commander of any (hip or veffel out as herein, belonging tg Great Britain or Ireland, or\he Britifh planta-. E-i	.tions,

The twenty fixth Year of George III.

tionft, who (hall put out ballad within the (aid port or harbour, (hall pay, or caufe to be paid, to the officer who (hall be appointed as aforefaid, fix pence for every ton • of fuch ballad which (hall be fo put out; arid the matter or commander of every fdch foreign (hip or veffel as aforefaid, who (hall put out ballad within the faid port or harbour, (hall pay, or caufe to be paid to fuch officer as aforefaid, eight pence for every ton of fuch ballad which (hall be fo put out.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if the matter or commander of any {hip or veffel which rentm herein*"	*n	l^c ^ harbour, (h«H buy» (>r purchase, or caufe

ami the perfon or procure to be bought or purchafed, from any per(on or perfons any ballaft what (never, for the ufe of fuch (hip or veffel, or (hall permit or fuffer any ballad which (hall be fo bought or purchafed (fave only fuch as fuch matter or commander fhall pay for to the faid corporation as aforefaid) to be put on board fuch (hip or veffel, fuch matter or commander, and alfo fuch perfon or perfons as (hall fell fuch ballad, (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds each, one half thereof to be paid to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall give information of fuch offence to the faid corporation, and the other half of the faid penalty to he paid to the faidcorpota-tion, to be applied for the purpofes of this ad. faking more XXVIII And be it tnadtd by the authority aforefaid, ballaitthan told That if any fuch matter or commander of any (hip or Veffel, ballaft* mat ter is wh{ch fliall be in the faid harbour, (hull in any manner, or

Matter of

vefiei btf^tng,

from whom bought, forfeit lol. each.

ncc« flary, the matter ot fuch veflel, and all concerned forfeit lol.

For improving and cloan-fmg the faid port, flee.

by any means or contrivance whatfoever, take on board, or petmit, or fuffer to be taken on board fuch fhip or veffel any ballaft whatfoever, (fave only fuch and fo much ballad as he (hall give notice to, and inform the perfon who (hall ad as ballad-matter as aforefaid for the time being, (hall be necef-fary for fuch (hip or veffel as aforefaid) fuch matter or commander, and all and every perfon and perfons who (hall be aiding and affifttng in putting fueh ballatt oil board fuch (hip or veffel, (hall forfeit the fuin of ten pound* fterling, to be paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall give infoimation thereof to the faid corporation.

XXIX. And whereas the improving and cleaning of the faid port, harbour, and river, will be of great ufe to all (hips which-(hall refort to the faid port, and to all lighters, gab-bards, and wherries, plying within the fame, and a great and continual expence will be required to atcomplifh and cany on the works necefiary for improving and cleaning the fame 2 be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the patting of this ad, the following rates and duties, over and befides all fum and fums of money payable for ballaft as aforefaid, (hall be paid at the faid office,

to

Digitized by

Google

Tic twentyfixth Tear of George III,	69

to fueh ptrfon or perfens as the faid corporation (hall appoint A. D. to receive the fame, by the matter or owner of every (hip or 1786. veflel coming into the faid harbour of Dublin, that is to Chap. 19. fay ; for every foreign (hip or veflel, or fuch as (hall not be- V— long to any of his Majefty’s fubjc&s in Great Britain, Ire- Ships, &c. to land, or the plantations, the fum of one (hilling for every pay eve7,0>'" ton of the burthen of fuch (hip or veflel, and for every (hip a*C> aS crtUl* or veflel which (hall belong to any of his Majefty’s fubje&s (except veflcls arriving in the faid harbour entirely laden with eoals, and coafting veffels coming and trading from any part bf Ireland to the harbour of Dublin) the fum of fixpence for every ton of the burthen tf fuch (hip or veflel, on every voyage fuch (hip or veffel (hall make to the faid harbour of Dublin 5 and for every (hip or veflel arriving m the faid harbour from Great Britain, laden with cauls, and every coafter, that is to fay, every (hip or veflel coming and trading from any part of Ireland to Dublin, the fum of four pemee for every ton of the burthen of fuch (hip or veflel; the faid fe-veral and refpe&ive rates or duties to be paid on every voyage that any fuch (hip or veflel as aforefaid (hall make to the faid harbour of Dublin, which tonage (hall be computed by outward gauging of the faid (hips or veflcls refpedlively, and not otherwise; and the ballad-mallet for the time being, and all and every other officer and officers for that purpofe to be appointed, is and arc hereby empowered to make fuch outward gauge of every fuch (hip as (hall come into, or go out of the faid harbour, from time to time, as they (hall fee occa-fion.

XXV. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Wherries, &c. faid, That from and after the paffing of this aft, the pro- to pay as herein, prietors and owners of all lighters, gabbards, and wherries, which (hall be#rfually employed in the faid port, or on any part of the tffrer Anna Liffey, (hall pay to the faid corporation, the refpc&ive fums qf money herein after mentioned 5 that is to fay, for every wherry, five (hillings fine, and five (hillings per annum, during fuch time as fuch tvherry (hall be kept on the faid river, port, or harbour5 and every gabbard or. lighter (other than the lighters belonging tO the (aid ballad-office) ten flliQings fine, and ten (hillings per annum, for and during fuch time as every fuch gabbard or lighter (hall be kept on the faid river, port, or harbour.

XXXI. And whereas feveral perfons refiding on the quays on both fides of the faid river, have heretofore received from (hips coining between the walls of the faid quays, different (urns of money byway of compensation for keeping the (aid walla aad quays in repair, and for permitting (hip* to be fiafiened to rings or polls in or upon the laid walla, or quays, aad for permitting goods to be landed on t&* (hid quays,

notwithftaading

no	The twenfyjixth Year of George III.

A■ D.	notwithftanding which, the (aid walls and quays afe fre*

1786.	quently fuffered to be in a ruinous and dangerous condition 3

Chap. 19* and whereas the keeping of the faid walls ^nd quays on both fidcs of the faid river in manner as herein after is mentioned Corporation in proper repair, will be very advantageous to fuch (hips as to ^C^hc pafs up the faid river, and fuch repairs will be attended with quays in repair conftant and coniidcrable expence : be it therefore ena&ed at herein V * by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful mentioned. to and for the faid corporation, from time to time as they (hall think proper, and in fuch manner as they (hall End expedient, to repair and amend the faid walls and quays 00 either fide of the faid river, eaftward of a right line to be drawn at right angles acrofis the faid river, from the centre of the ftreet or lane called Batchelor's-Lane on the north fide of the faid river, to Afton’s-Quay on the fouth fide thereof, and fo far eaflward from thence on the north fide of the faid river, as the weft end of his Majcfty’s new Cuftom-Houfo . now ere&ing, and fo far eaftward from the faid line on the fouth fide of the faid river as the wed end of the Marine School, and by fuch ways and means as they (hall find necef-fary to render the fame convenient for the (hipping that (hall come between the faid walls.

Ships, except XXXII. And the better to enable the faid corporation to c^rs to repair and amend the faid walls as aforefaid: be it epafted therein mC** W the authority aforefaid, That each and every (hip and veffel, which from and after the paffing of this a&, (hall a£ rive in the faid harbour of Dublin, (except (hips or yeffok laden with coals, and fuch coafting vcflels trading as hpncfo before is mentioned) (hall pay to the faid corporation, or the officer or officers to be appointed to receive the fame, over and above all other payments, rates, and duties herein before appointed to be paid as aforefaid* tfic fun? of five (hillings ilcrling, for every voyage fmih (hip or teflel (ball make to the faid harbour ; and every fuch (hip or veffel hden with coals as aforefaid, and every fijch ^paftihg veffel as aforefaid, (hall Over .and above furch payments, rates, and duties as aforefaid, pay to the faid corporation, or tbefr officer as afprefaid* two flullings and fix p^nce flerlipg, for every voyage fuefi fhip or vefiel l^den with coals, and fuch cca'itiug veffel as aforefaid (hall make to the faid harbour.

Nq money to XXXIII. And be it cna£icd by the authority aforefaid* he paid to any That no perfpn (fave the faid corporation or their officers pirfon except a8 aforefaid} (halt from and after the paffing of this a&, for ft * or demand or receive From any mailer or commander of any landing goods ^‘P or vc^ >hatfpcvcr in the faid harbour pr |>ort» or for quayage,&c. from any perfon (hipping or landing* goods at or upon the faid quays or any of them, any fupi qr fumsof money whatever for quayage, or for or on pretence of keeping the

f*id

Tht tmtmtyfatb Y$ar of George III.

find walk of the fauj quays lb far as afore fa id, or any part thereof in repair, or of permitting any (hip or veffel to be fattened to the faid walls or any of them, or of permitting any goods to he landed from any fuch (hip or veffel on the laid quays or any part thereof.

XXXIV.	And to the end that the faid refpedive duties and fines payable as aforefaid, may be more effedualjy paid and levied : be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall not be lawful for the officers of his Majefty’s cudom-houfe in Dublin, to clear or dtfcharge any (hip or (hips, veffel or veffek outward bound, or to permit any (hip or (hips, veffel or veffels outward bound to fail, till the com. raander or mailer thereof, (hall have brought a di(charge from the proper officer of the balla(&>ffice already appoint, ed, or to be appointed as aforefaid, teftifying that fuch (hip or (hips, veffel or veffels has or have paid and cleared the ballad money payable by fuch (hip or (hips, veffel or veffels, (in cafe fuch (hip or (hips, veffel or veffels (hall have taken in ballad) and likewise all and fmgular the payments and duties by this ad as aforefaid impofed, which dilcharge from the (aid ballafl-m after (hall, in cafe the matter or commander of fuch (hip or veffel (hail have really and truly paid the faid ballad money, payments, and duties, be immediately granted without fee or reward, cnr fraud, or delay, upon fuch commander or matter fird making oath, (or if he be of the people called quakers, fird making a folemn affirmation) before fuch balktt-matter, or perfon authorized by the faid corporation*to ad as fuch, (which oath or affirmation fuch buHad-mafter or pet feu is hereby empowered to adminider) that fuch commander or mader has paid at the faid office, to the perfon who (hall be empowered by the faid corporation to receive the fame, the full amount of aH money paya. Me by him by virtue of this ad, for the full quantity of ballad which bad been taken into, or put out of fuch (hip or vefiei from the time of his. arrival into the faid harbour, and that he bad not during the faid time, taken in or put out more or any greater quantity of ballad than he had fa paid for.

XXXV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if fuch oath or affirmation fo to be taken by fuch commander or matter as aforefaid, (hall be falfe, fuch command, cr or mader (hall, upon being thereof duly convided by in-didment or information, fuffer tbe pains and penalties which by the laws now in being, are to be infliaed on perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if the f*id ballad-matter or perfon authorized as aforefaid to ad as fuch, (hall upon fuch commander

71

A. D.

1786. Chap. 19.

No veffel to fail without a difthargt, &c.

Penalty on perjury.

Refpfingthe dilcharge, penalty 10k

Baliaft, except hcicin, il. ptr tou.

Taking bij-laft on lioard, without due entry, penalty iol

The twentyfheth Tear of George Itl.

or mailer having performed fuch requifites as aforcfakl, re-fufe or delay to grant fuch difeharge, the faid balhft-mafter or perfon fo refufmg or delaying (hall forfeit ten pounds far every fuch refufal or delay to the matter of fuch (hip or veiicl, to be recovered by civil bill before the recorder of the city of Dublin*

XXXVII.	And whereat the mailers and commanders of (hips and veflcls leaving the port of Dublin, have frequently in order to fupply themfelves with ballad, and to evade the taking ballait from the ballad-office of the faid port of Dublin, and paying for the fame, laden their (hips and vef-fels with (treet dirt, coal afhes, dung, manure, paving (tones, gravel and rubbifh, and matters of the like nature, which fhey have fometimes entered at the cuftom-houfe of Dublin, as to be exported from the faid port of Dublin, or carried coaftways to other parts of Ireland, whereby the cleaning of the faid port, harbour and river hath been much obftraft-ed: for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the palling of this aft, there fViall be paid for ths purpofes of this aft, at his Majefty*! cuttom houie of the port of Dublin, to fuch perfon as the faid corporation (hall appoint, for every ton of ftreet dirt, coal afhes, dung, manure of all kinds, paving Hones, gra-yel, Snrl all kind of fubbifh, (fave the ballaft which (hall be furnished by the faid corporation) which (hall be (hipped, or put on board any (hip or (hips, yeflel or veflcls, within the faid port pr harbotir of Dublin, f*vc only fuch edafting (hips or veflcls, as (hall immediately before the (hipping then of, have arrived in the faid port or harbqur laden with fifh, potatoes, corn, or other proyilions, the fum of two pounds He;ling, as an additional duty, over and above any duty or duties already by law payable for the fame.

XXXVIII.	Apd be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any mafter or comrirtnder of any fuch (hip or yeflel, as aforefaid, (hall take on board any fuch (hip or veflei, any fuch ftreet-dirt. coal-alhes, dung, manors, paving-ftones, gravel, or rubbiftj as aforefaid, (fave as before mentioned) without due entry being firft made thereof, and of $he full quautity thereof intended to be (hipped on board fuch veflel as aforefaid, with the officer fo to be appointed by the faid corporation to receiye the faid duty as aforefaid, and payment of the full duty due and payable thereon, then, and for every fuch offence, fuch mafter ot commander (hall forfeit the fpm of ten pounds fterling, to he paid to the perfon giving information of fuch offence, tp be fued for, recovered, and levied as hereinafter is mentioned, and in that cafe alfo, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any of the officers of his Majefty’a revenue, and all or

any

Tie twiptyjkgtb Tear tf George III.

«ny of the officers ad mg under the faid corporation, and they are hereby required to feize and detain any fuch (hip or veffel, until, not only the aforefaid duty, and all other duties* due and payable on fnch dreet-dirt, coal-afhes, dung, manure, paving-dones, gravel and rubbifii, bat aHo the faid forfeiture of ten pounds fterling (had be paid as afore* laid.

73

a: d.

1786.

Chap. 19.

XXXIX.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, if thedumt That in cafe of non-payment of any fom charged or charge- on lighten, kZ able upon any lighter, gabbard or wherry, by this prefent he not p«td, lead, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid ballad-matter	**7 diftrefc.

for the time being, and his deputy or deputies, or any per* fon appointed for the purpofe by the laid corporation, to enter into every fuch gabbard, lighter and wherry, and to feize and didrain the mads, fails, oars, and other matters therein found, and if no fufficient didrefs can be found therein, then to feize and didrain fuch gabbard, lighter or wherry, and fuch didrefs or diftrefTes to detain and keep, until he or they be fatisfied and paid fuch fum and fums of money charged on fuch lighter, gabbard of wherry, and .which (hall be then in arrear, and unpaid ; and in cafe of knegle& or delay of, or in payment of the fum or fums of .money which (hall be fo in arrear as aforefaid, for ten days after any didrefs or didreffes (hall be fo taken as aforefaid,

4t (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid ballad-mader, his deputy or deputies,vand perfon or perfons fo appointed, ond every or any of them, to fell the didrefs or didreffes fo taken, and therewith to fatisfy the fum fo due and owing, and all reafonable cods and charges of taking, keeping, and felling’fuch didrefs or didreffes, he and they paying the-overplus anting by fuch fale, (if any ^ to the perfon or perfons who (hall work, fail, or ply m fuch lighter, gabbard, or wherry, for the ufe of the owner or proprietor thereof.

XL. And whereas frequent injury is done to the quays Breaking og and walls indofing the ford river Anna Liffey, and to the deftroying the pods, rings, and other coftveniencies which are placed in MaXtr** and upon the faid walls for the ufe of (hipping, by (hips, M herein, veffels, lighters, boats, rafts, or pieces of timber which are brought up, or font down the faid river, or by. cars, carts, horfes, or carriages which are at various times in and upon the (kid quays, or fides of the faid river: be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time after the paffing of this ad, in any manner injure or break down, or cfeftroy any part of the -faid walls or quays, on cither fide of the fsrid river eaftward of the faid line to be drawn acrofa the faid river, from the centre of the (aid flreet or lane called BatchelorVlane, or

(hall

Digitized by

Pcifuud*-mseing fajd

&C.toU proceeded againft, as herein.

7k t<ut*rfxtb r#r$£Vmm Wf..

(Wl jn kny manner ihjtut any of tpc pofts, nogs, or other matters planed therein for the uDe and eonvenkacy of (hip. ping or boats, every fuch perfon or pofon* fa* offending, for every fact offtnee, forfeit and pay a foie sot 2eU than ten fhilbngs, nor more than five pound*, fterling* one moiety thereof to the perfaa who (hall give information of the (aud offence, and profecute the fame to convi&ion, and the other moiety to the purpofes of this a£h

XLI. And whereas inch injuries are in general committed either by (hips or veffids, lighters, boats* rafts orpicccs of timber paling op or down the (aid river, or by cars, carts, hcries, carriages, or vehicles conveying goods by land upqo the (aid quays, and by rpafpn of their immediately going or paffiog from, and hot remaining in the place where fuch injury is done, the owners or managers thereof may not afterwards be found, and may thereby frequently efcapc detection and punifhmcnt, if fomc fammary mode of proceeding againft them be not provided by this* ad : be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfgn or perfons (hall ia any manner injure, break, or ftroy the (aid quays, or walls, pofts, rings,' or other rnattm, either by running againft them any Ihip, veflfel* lighter, boat, iatt, or piece of timber, car, cart, horfe, carnage, or other vehicle whatfoeycr, or otherwife, then, and in every fuch cafe, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid corpora* tion, or any of the members of the (aid corporation, upon due proof thereof made upon the oath of one or more credible witncfii or witneffes, which oath the (aid corporation, pf any of the faid members are hereby empowered and authorized to adminifter, to ifhie out a fummOns or fum-monfes to the party or parties fo charged with having of- . fended at aforelaiA, requiring him or them to appear before the faid corporation, and make defence againft the faid charge, at fuch day and hour as dire&ed by fuch fummooa qrfqmmonfes, provided the time fo to be appointed, be not left than twenty-four hours from tlie time fuch fummons or fuounon^es (hall be (erred ; and if the faid party or parties (hall not, in cafe they are refident in the city or county of £}ubUn, appear before the laid corporation, at the time mentioned in fuch fummons or fummonfes, and make his or their innocence appear to the faid corporation, that then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid corporation to fine the (aid peribn or perfons as aforefaid, and in cafe the lame (haU not be immediately paid down, tOs iflue their warrant or warrants, empowering any perfon therein to be named or appointed for that purpofe, to dif-ttain any.of the goods or chatties belonging to the (aid pexfon or perfons, and the lame to fell by publick au (Stem

ta

Digitized by (^ooQle

I

The twa*j£n& Ttqr ^Gcctfge IH .

tp the higfeeft bidder, ai^Lcu^ qf the pip4*K£ of falc 19 Jatisfy the $d jtqe, apd'sdl eflPWS* 3tb5B#9g the Jcvy* mg thereof, aqd it any furplus ihall rqpaip, to payotcr jtb lame to the qwqer or eynew of tfe? gqqdMftd chatties. !

~ XLII.# A?<*	«(c	%b ipjpiy » ^pictiid, A*J1 fee done psmag* tyk

Jby any (hip or (hips, vclfel orysfels, whpfc ap&tinuaqcc in “**F» 5*} ihe laid port or harfebqr may he qnecrtaiu : be it 4enn&od by ^	1^

tie authority aforefaid, That upon oath ip madf as afore-	^

laid, it jhail and may be lawful tor the laid corporation, or any of the laid members thereof, to ijffue a warrant or warrants to any of the oncers of his Mf^cfty’s revenue* whofc duty it is to attend (hips and veftels upon their arrival, of' departure tp or firom the poyt or harbour of Dublin, wop. ' are hereby authorjzpd and required to make Hay of the (aid (hip or ytffel, and the Dupe to prevent from failing out of the laid port or harbour, until the matter or commander thereof (hall groduqe a ^tijB&^ory certificate or. difebarge	'

; forn the laid corporation, qy tfeejr proper officer* either that uch (hip or veffcl fath been acquitted of fuch offence, or lath paid and fati^fied, if cpnvij&ed* all fines and penalties infilled by thio ad.

, XLtll. And rdi.erea# it is jpft and proper that where Perfons con-any injury (hall be done as aforefaid to the quays or walla of viOrd of da-tfff (ajd riyer* that the fame ftould be repaired by the per-fop or perfons fo injuring the fame: be it enacted by the	H

authority aforefaid, That when any damage (haU* upon oath in«fo^,fl^j} j as aforefaid, appear tb have been done to any of the quays the fame, or walls of the faid river as aforefaid, and that any perfon or perfons (hall be convi&ed thereof as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid corporation to appoint one or more mafttr-mafon or ipafons to view the laid injury which (hall he f° done tp the faid quays or walls, and upon a report made by fuch mafter-mafon or mafons, upon oath to the belt of his (kill and knowledge, of what fum of money it will require and take to make good and repair the time, it Ml and may be lawful for the faid corporation to demand from the faid perfon or perfons fo convi&ed as aforefaid, fpeh fum of mQpey fo reported to he requifite as afprefaid, to repair and make good fqch quays or walls;

Ijpd in cafe the fame (hall not be immediately paid and fa- if not imme-tisfifd, then to iffue their warrant or warrants as aforefaid, diatelv paid* and to dill rain the goods and chattels of the perfon or per-Ions fo conyi&ed, and the fame to fell and difpofc of, and U out of the produce of the faid fale, to levy the fum fo reported tp be neceflary, with the ezpences of recovering the lame, and the ovcipluf, if any, to be given to the owner or owners of laid goojis or chatties.

............... XJL1V. And

Digitized by

Google

Officers to fciseihiM, fee which they fee

The twentyfxtb Tear of George III.

XLlV. And for the more fpeedy and effectual recovery of fuch fine and fams of money as (hall be requifite to make good fuch damages as aforefaid: be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That when any officer belonging to the faid ballad-office, or.any perfon authorized by the laid corporation for that purpofe, or any officer of his Majefly’s reve-cM^tdama^c. nue8» cullom, or cxcife, (hall be prefent, and fee any injury done by any (hip, veffel, lighter, gabbard, boat, raft, or piece of timber, (lone, or package, cart, car, horfe, carriage, or vehicle, to any of the faid quays or walls, rings or pods, it (hall and may be lawful for any fuch officer or perfon to feize fuch (hip, vefiel, lighter, gabbard, boat, raft, or p'iece of timber, Hone, or package, cart, car, horfe, carriage, or vehicle, and the fame (hall be detained and remain liable to fatrafy all fines and damages which may be impofed or awarded by or under authority of this law.

. Compenfr- XLV. And be it cnafted by the authority aforefaid. That fiS fcisar^118 ** anc* ** lawful to and for the faid corporation, to make fuch compensation to fuch perfon or perfons who (hall fo feizfc fuch (liip, veffel, lighter, boat, gabbard, raft, or piece of timber, metal, done, or package, car, cart, horfe, carriage, or vehicle, which (hall do foch damage or injury as aforefaid, as to them (hall feem fit.

XLV1. And to the intent that no afhes, dirt, or filth may for the future be call into the faid river, or into any common fewer* in the faid city of Dublin, or liberties thereunto adjoining, to the annoyance of the (aid river Anna Liffey : be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon or perfons who (hall cad any afhes, dirt, fikh, or rubbifh into the faid river, or into any fewer or dream that empties itfelf therein, within the faid city, or the liberties thereunto adjoining, being in a fummary manner thereof convi&ed upon oath before the lord mayor of the faid city for the time being, or before any one or more of the juftices of the peace of the county of the faid city, or of the county of Dublin, for the crimes aforefaid committed within their refpe&ive authorities, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of five (hillings, for the benefit and advantage of every fuch perfon or perfons as (hall and will difeover and profecute the fame, which (aid fum of five (hillings (hall and may be levied by did refs and fale of the goods and chatties of the offenders, by the warrant of the (aid lord mayor, or judices of the peace before whom the party (hall be convi&ed;

XLVII. And in cafe fuch offender or offenders (hall not have wbere-withal to fatifcfy the fum of five (hillings, that boofc of'correc- then, and in that cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and

for

Perfons who etft slhcf, &c. into the river or m fewer which empties itself therein, forfeit 5*.

If no fuffici-entdidrefs, offenders fentto

The tvjentjfcfixtb Tear of George III.

for faid lord mayor, or juitice of the peace reipe&ively, to fend the laid offender or off ndcrs to the houfe of correction, to be kept to hard labour, fo as the confinement of the faid offenders to the faid houfe of corredion, may not for any one fault, exceed the number of five days.

XXVIII.	And whereas perfons employed by fcavengers Scavenger*, and other contradors for cleanfing the ilreets of Dublin, &c. throwing frequently fweep or throw the dirt and filth of the ftreets into the faid river, to the very great injury thereof: for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That if any perfon or perfons employed by, or afting under any fcavenger or fcavengers, or other contrador or contradors for cleanfing the ftreets of Dublin, or any of them, (hall at any time or times after the palling of this ad, throw, cr fweep, or in any manner put into the faid river Anna Liffcy, any dirt or filth whatfoever, which (hall be fwept or taken from any ftreet in the city of Dublin, the (Scavenger or fcavengers, contrador or contradors, under whom fucb perfon or perfons (hall ad or be employed as aforefaid, (hall upou fuch offence being proved upon oath before the faid lord mayor, or any one or more fuch jufticc or juftices of the peace as aforefaid, forfeit and pay for every fuch offence committed by the perfon or perfons ading or employed under fuch fcavenger or fcavengers, or other contrador or contradors as aforefaid, the fum of ten {hillings ftcrling, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch fcavenger or fcavengers, contrador or contradors as aforefaid, and to be paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall difeover of or profecute the fame, which fine (hall be fo paid over and befides the aforefaid fine, which the perfon or perfons adually committing fuch offence (hall be fubjed to as aforefaid.

XLIX. And for the more effedual cleanfing of the faid	to	be

harbour and river: be it enaded by the authority afore- taken out of thu faid. That all ballad. that (hall from henceforth be put on board any fhip or veffcl within the faid harbour, purfuant to herein ^ the diredion of this ad, (hall be taken out of fuch part or parts only of the faid harbour or river, as (hall from time to time be direded by the officer or officers to be appointed by the faid corporation for that purpofe, and that no ballad (hall be carried from one lhip to fupply another, and that no ballad (hall be thrown out of any (hip into the faid port or river upon pain of forfeiting (for every of the fa;d offences) the fum of five pounds, to be recovered and levied herein after direded, one half to be paid to the perfon who (hall give information thereof, and the other to the faid corporation.

L. And

Digitized by Google

A. D.

i7«t>:

Mafter of gabbard taking up ballaft except where ordered, forfeits 40s. as hereto.

If matters of yeflbls cannot procure ballaft, or have it dif-charged as hereto, they may employ any lighter, as hereto.

ThtU^rp!h 7W of G&r# lit

l. Asfu it t&sa& fy tk	item*, tm if

the tdiifer dr rflana£& of ahjt lijjmer or gabbard which (ball be employed h& the faid corpora tioh to take u|> or drudge for ballaft id the laid river or hirboiir, (hall drudge for or take up any baHati W or froth any part of the (aid river or harbour, than fuch part thereof as the (aid corporation, or the officers or officer t6 bib by th Ai authorized for that pur-po'fe, (hall dirfc£t, fuA ntoft'dr or manager (hall forfeit, over and befidCs atiy Other penalty irtipofedfor fuch offtnee by this ad, t\\i fuifi of forty (hilling^, to bt deduced out of fuch money as* may be from time to time payable by the fiuj corporation, to fuch matter or manager of fuch lighter or gabbard. or the crew thereof, for any fervices doae by them for the laid cotporatidn. ,

LI. And to the end that no commander or matter of any (hip or (hips, ydfrel or veflels reforting to the (hid port of Dublin, may have juft caufe of complaint that his voyage is retarded by. riegleft of the faid officers Of the ballaft-office, or that hfc fuffers for want of havii^baUaft funiiffied'to, or taken from fuch (hip or (hips, yeflel or veflels: bp it enad-ed by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the mkfter or officers of the faid ballaft-office to be appointed by thfc faid corporation, his of thepr fervants, (hall negleft of refufe to take off from, or bring in ballaft to any (hip or fhips, veflel or veflels within the faid bar at the refpe&ive time appointed for doing thereof as aforefaid, the matter or commander of fuch (hip or veflel, not having been ordered or dire&ed as aforefaid. to take in or put out fuch ballaft at fuch wharf or wham as aforefaid, when erected as aforefaid, or if wanting ballaft, and that he (hall be fo ordered and dfre&ed, and yet (hall not be able to obtain fuch ballaft at fuch wharf or wharfs, that then, and in any of the faid cafesj, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commander or mafter of fuch (hip or veflel, at any time after notice of fuch negledt, . to be given at the faid office, to employ any lighter or -lighters, gabbard or gabbards, for the doing thereof, which faid lighter or fighters, gabbard ot; gabbards which (hall be fo by them as aforefaid employed, are hereby authorized aud qualified to take up as much ballaft in the channel of the (aid port or river only, as (hall be requifite for baUafting of fuch (hip or (hips, vefier or veflels, fo as aforefaid ne-gleded, or to carry off fuch ballaft* as (hall be in fuch (hip or (hips, veflel or vefrets, as the cafe (hall happen to be; arid in every fuch cafe, upon oath (or in the cafe of a quaker) upon affirmation thereof made before the commif-(ioners pf the cuftoms, every fuch mafter of any (hip or veflel (hall have his difeharge and clearings out of the faid port, as if he had produced fuch certificate from the ballaft-

matter

\

Digitized by

Google

Tie t^bthiy-fixA tear o/’Peorge III.

79

duffer iis aforiefkfd, aid the owner or owners of ev^ry Miter or gabbarfl, which (h&B be fo employed, either in me .bringing1 ballad to, or tkkihg the ballad from fuch (Hip or, veflel as aforefaid, oft accourtt * of fuch negleft by (fie faid ball aft-office, (hah be paid the laid corporation, or the (aid baHaft-mailer, tv/6 (hillings for every ton of ballad' he or they (hall fo put into, and one ihiQfng for evicty ton ‘df. ballad which he or they (hall fo take from fuch (hip or veffel.

111.	And to the end that the KghterS which (hall be employed by the faid ballaft-office, may give good attend- hghtcr*, &c. ance to the fervice of the faid office : be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That no lighter or lighters taken into 8	*

the fervice of the (aid ballaft-office, (hall at any time carry any goods, wares, or merchandizes of airiy fort to or from any'(nip* Or fhips, veiled or veffels ih the faid port or river, on pain of forfeiting treble the value of the gabbardage or

Sbrtfcge of fuch goods or merchandizes to the party that tall difeover the1 fame, to be recovered as herein after di-reaed.

Lilt. And fa order that a fuffiotnt number of fttilful pilot*to be pilots may be appointed to take chtfge of fhips or veflels appointed, &c. trading to the faid port, and that pqjp’er peffons may be *• herein, appointed to regulate the placing of fufeh (hips or veffcls as (hall be therein, and to prevent the frauds and abufes com-idittedby pOrfonS employed in lighters within the faid port; ahd in Order that the conduct of fuch pilots, and other per-fttos fo to be appointed, may be property regulated: be it chaffed by the authority aforefaid, That from atid after the paffing of this aft, it (hall' and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, or ahy three of there of them prefeht at afty meeting as aforefaid, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, to lkenfe and appoint during theft* will and pleafurC, fuch number of firilful pilots for the putpofe aforefaid, (is they fhdtll think expedient, at and under fuch yearly wages and Hilaries ai (Hall be’ ascertained by the faid corporation ; arid that the fold corporation' may,.and the^ art’ hereby empowered to appoint and authorize a proper perfon to be pilot-mafter within the (aid port or harbour, arid alfo fo many proper perfons as they (hall think fit, to aft 33 haven-mafters witnin the faid port and harbotir;

Which fat'd pilot-mafter and havcri-milters (hall continue in their refpc&ive office^ during, the will and pleafure of the faid corporation, at and under the yearly wage! arid falarieifr to be afeertamed by the faid corporation, to be paid to fuch pflot-rfiafler arid haven-mafters refpeftively, tb'e wages of lidary of fuch pilot-mafter, not to exceed eighty pounds by the yt?r, and the wages or faJaxie* of the faid haven-mafters.

A. P.

1781S. Chap. 19.

Baflait office

not

Digitized by v^ooQle

8o	The	twa*yju*t> fe*r •/ George If L

A. D. not to exceed eighty pounds br the year for each of them j 1786. and that the fa id pilot-miller (hall, at the duty and bufioda Chap. 19. for which fuch hit falary is to be paid to him, fuperintend *~-*~>T**-^ the condu& of the feveral pilots to be appointed as afore* faid, and from time to time report the fame to the faid corporation; and the faid haven-mailers (hall, as the duty and bufmefs for which their faid falaries are to be paid to them, take care that buoys and floating perches (hall be placed, and conftantly kept upon the north and' feuth ends of the bank called the Kith, and on the Coddling-Patch, for the better dire&ion and fecurity of the navigation to and from the faid harbour, and (hall alfo regulate and ftatioa the trading (hips, yeflels, and lighters, within the fad harbour.

Power of the LIV. And for the better enabling the, fad haven-maften haven-suiters. f0 to regulate the fame; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and far the fkxd haven-mailers, or any of them/ to order and caufc to b< placed or removed, (hips or veflels withta the faid harbour where fuch fhips or veflels can more conveniently moor or lie, or ought to lie; and in cafe any mailer or owner of any fuch ihip or veflel lhall refute or ncgledl removing as. aforefaid, and continue (b to refute or negleft for the Ipace of one hour next after receiving fuch orders from the faid haven-mailers, or any of them, then, and in that cate, it (hall and may he lawful for the faid haven-mailers, or any of them, to hire and employ proper perfons to remove fuch Ihip or fhips, veffcl or veflels, to fuch part or place in the faid harbour, as the faid haven-mailers, or any of them, (hall appoint; and that the expence or hire of fuch perfons fo to he employed in the faid tervice, lhall be paid and borne by the matter or owner of fuch (hip or veflel, together with a funs not exceeding live pounds, as a line or penalty, to be recovered as herein after directed, and paid before any clearance or difeharge lhall he allowed or granted for fuch (hip or veflel, and alfo that the (aid haven-mafteTS, or any of them, lhall and may, and are and is hereby empowered,^ cafes of urgent necelflty, and for preventing the lofs of ^ny Ihip or veltel, to cut the rope or cable of any other Ihio or veflel lying within the faid port or harbour of Dublin, (not being any of his Majelly’s (hips of war) which may obftruft the navigation, or endanger the fafety of any other veflel, and the faid havcn-malters, and every of them, is and are hereby alfo empowered to remove timber iri rafts floating upon part of the faid river, where it may appear that the fame may in any manner obflrud or impede the navigation of Ihips and veflels upon the faid river, and alfo to remove wrecks, and all other obftrudions and

impediments

Digitized by Google

The twrityfix/A Tear of George III.

impediments to the faid navigation which may be from time * to time upon the faid river j the expence of removing which timber, wrecks, and other obftruftions, (hall be paid by the owner or owners of fuch timbet, wrecks, or other matters caufing fuch obttruftion or obttruftions as aforefaid; and in cafe fuch owner or owners (hall refufe to pay the fame, or if no fuch owner or owners (hall appear, then the aforefaid haven-matters or haven-matter are and is hereby direfted to report the fame to the faid corporation, and the (aid corporation are empowered thereupon to iffue their warrant, empowering fuch haven-matters or haven-matter, to fell by* public cant fuch timber, wrecks, or other matter, or any of them, or fo much thereof as (hall be fufEdent to pay the expence of removing the fame as aforefaid, and alter paying and defraying fuch expence, the (aid haven-mailers or haven-mafter (hall return the overplus of the money arifing by fuch fale, (if any) to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall appear to be the owners or owner of fuch timber, wrecks, or other matters refpeftively.

LV. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. Tbit if the (aid haven-matters, or any of them, (hall be obflruft-ed or mal-treated by any perfon or perfons in the execution of their or his duty or buhnefs aforefaid, or in the doing of any matter or thing which the faid haven-mailers are by this aft empowered to do, fuch perfon or perfons (hall feverally pay for every fuch offence, any fum not exceeding the fum of five pounds (lerling, to be recovered and levied as herein after mentioned.

JLVL And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if the mailer or commander of any (hip or veffel which (hall caff anchor within the (aid harbour, (hall not immediately on fo doing, tie or fallen, or caufe to be tied or (aliened, a buoy to fuch anchor, in fudh manner as that the fai$i buoy (hall float in a confpicuous manner, fo as that it may be plainly and eafily feen in what place fuch anchor has been call, fach matter or commander (hall for every fuch offence or negleft, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds (lerling, and fhall over and befides the fame, forfeit and pay the fum of five (hillings for every hour fuch anchor (hall remain without fuch buoy being tied or fattened thereto as aforefaid, the faid penalties to be recovered and levied in fuch manner is is herein after direfted, and paid to the perfon who (ball give information of fuch offence or negleft, the enforcing of which (aid penalties (hall not in any manner affeft any remedy which , any perfon or perfons (hall or may have by aft ion or otherwise, agamft fuch matter or commander for atfy damage or injury which may be done to fuch perfon or perfons by means of fuch negleft as aforefaid.

VQLm VIIL	F	LVIII. And

Obftru&iftg’ the haven-nuf* ters, penalty jL

Buoys to be lied to anchois, penalty as herein.

t

Digitized by v^ooQle

VtetfrU lyinir acroi^ the river foi one hom, or vHTc;» wliojV r pc' or hawlers extend acrok the river, and •which (hall not 1 e lowered upon <l**riand forieit v herein.

Rates of ppntage, as herein.

The twenty fixth Tear of George I IT.

LVII. And whereas the navigation of the river UfFey is frequently obftrucled by veflela, lighters, aud gabbards, being permitted' by their mailers and commanders to lie acrofs the channel of the faid river, and by the ropes and hawfers of vefieis, lighters, and gabbards being permitted by their mailers and commanders to lcmain extended acrofs, or in the channel of the faid river: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That upon due proof, upon oath, or in cafe of a quaker upon affirmation, before the faid corporation, or any three members thereof, that any veil'd, lighter, or gabbard has lain acrofs the chan, ncl of the laid river for the fpace of one hour, or that the rope or hawfer of any veflel, lighter or gabbard, which (hall be extended acrofs, or in the faid river as aforefcid, (hall uot be lowered immediately upon being required fo to do, by any perfon on board any other veflel navigating on the faid livei, fo as to prevent any interruption to the palling of" fuch veflel, the commander or commanders of every inch veflel, lighter, or gabbard, which (hall have fo lain acrofs the faid river, and of every fuch veflel, lighter, or gabbard as (hall have the rope, or hawfer thereof extended as aforefaid, and ihall not lower the fame as aforefaid, on being required fo to do as aforefaid, (hall forfeit any fum the laid corporation (hall think fit, not lefs than ten (hillings, or exceeding forty (lullings, to, be recovered as herein after directed.

LVIII. And he it further eua&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the mailer and commander of every trading (hip pr veflel laden with, or carrying merchandize, con ing to or going from the faid harbour of Dublin, (except fuch as may be ladm with coais or corn tiading coaflways, and vel-fels laden with flih) (hall be obliged to receive and take ou board fuch fliip or velfci, a pilot heenfed at fuch in puifu-ance of this a£l, and for every fuch (hip and veflel, the maf-ter, commander, or owner thereof (hall pay or caufe to be paid, to the aforefaid ballad-mailer of the ballail-office of the port of Dublin, at and after the rate or rates following; that is to fay, for all foreign (hips or veflels coming into the faid harbour, the fum of three (hillings per foot for pilotage over the bar, £nd the fum of one (hilling per foot for pilotage from Poolbeg to the quays ; for Britilh and’Irifh (hips or vcflels, except (hips and vefieis laden with coals, coining into the faid harbour, the ium of one (hilling and fix pence per foot for pilotage over the bar of the faid harbour, and the fum of fix pence per foot for pilotage from Poolbeg to the quays; and lor all Britifh.ffiips and veflefc* laden with coals not coming from, any part of Ireland, one (hilling per foot for pilotage over the bar, and fix pence per

foot

Tie twentyJtxtb Tear of George III.

loot for pilotage from Poolbeg to the quays ; for all foreign fTiips or veffels going out of the laid • harbour, the .fum of one (hilling per foot for pilotage from the quays to Poolbeg, and the fum of two (hillings per foot for pilotage over the bar, and for Britifh or Irifh (hips or veffels going out of the faid harbour, the fum of fix pence per foot for pilotage from the quays to Poolbeg, and the fum of one (hilling per foot for pilotage over the bar; but in cafe any (hip or vef-fel coming in or going out, (hall not be obliged to come to anchor in Poolbeg or below Ringfend, and (hall not remain there longer than twenty-four hours, then no more pilotage to be paid than the refpe&ive rates herein before charged a* aforefaid for pilotage over the bar, for fuch refpe&ive (hips and veffels as aforefaid, coming in and going out of the faid harbour.

LIX. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon offering himfelf as pilot to any (hip or veffel off the faid harbour, (hall declare whether he be duly appointed forfeit 40I ^ and licenfed by the faid corporation to a<ft as pilot, purfuant to the dirc&ions of this ad ; and that if any perfon or p«r-fons fo offering himfelf or themfelves, and not licenfed, (hall at the time ror times he (hall 10 offer himfelf or themfelves as pilot or pilots as aforefaid, declare him or themfelves to be fo authorized and appointed as aforefaid, every fuch perfon (hall for every fuch offence forfeit to the faid corporation the fum of %forty (hillings, the fame to be recovered as herein, after directed.

LX. Provided always. That if’ it (hall happen that a Maftsrsof pilot licenfed as afdrefaid, (hall not appear and offer him-	ma7

fdf in due time to any (hip or veffel coming into the faid ^*1*. harbour, then, and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful Cenfcd one canto and for any perfon whom the mafter or commander of the not be bad. faid (hip or veffel (hall think, proper to appoint, (though not a licenfed pilot) to take charge and care of the faid (hip or veffel as pilot thereof, and to continue fuch charge thereof until a pilot licenfed as aforefaid (hall appear and take care of fuch (hip or veffel, and fuch perfon fh^ll be paid at the faid ballad-office, fuch compenfation for his trouble in taking charge and care of fuch (hip or veffel, 3s the faid corporation (hall think fit to direct ; the fum to be fo paid as fuch compenfation, to be deduced out of the pilotage payable tq fuch licenfed pilot as (hall take charge of the faid veffel after the faid perfon fo taking charge thereof.

LXI. And in order to enable the faid corporation to give 100I. per an-due and fufficient encouragement to perfons a<fting as pilots num> *or *UP* as aforefaid, to be a&ive and diligent in their duties as fuch: be it enacled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and *nawiduw*,fcc, F 2	may

Pilots not

Owner* of lighter* above 10 ton** to be liceiifed, a* herein.

lighter* not lie’iiJed found laden with good'*, Sec the owners forfeit *1.

The twentyJixth Tear of George III.

m^y be lawful to aud for. the (aid corporation to appoint any yearly fum or fums of money to be paid to fuch fuper-annuated or ficklj pilots as they (hall think proper, and to the widow or widows of any pilot or pilots who (hall have * been drowned or loft in the ditcharge of his or their duty as fuch, provided all fuch fums together (hall not exceed in the whole one hundred pounds in any one year; and alfo from time to time to grant and pay to any pilot or pilots any fum or fums of money they (hall think fuch pilot or pilots may deferve for any extraordinary fervice performed by him or them, all which fums (hail be paid out of the payments, rates, duties, and revenues which (hall arife by this a&,

LXII\ And be it enaftedby the authority aforefaid. That the faid corporation (hall be, and they are hereby empowered to grant licenfcs to fuch lightermen or owners of lighters, or vcflels above the burthen often tons as (hall be employed to carry goods or merchandize to or from any (hips or vcf-fels in the faid harbour, of Dublin: provided. That the owner or owners of any fuch lighter or veffel (hall previous to the granting of fuch licenfe enter into fccurity by himfelf or themfelves, and two other good and fufficient perfonsas their furetie3 to be approved of by the faid corporation, by bpud in ttye penalty or fum of two hundred pounds, conditioned to keep up fuch lighter or veffel in good order and condition, and to have th<; fame at all times properly manned, and to abide and be determined by fuch rcafonable and accuftomed rates for freight or carriage of goods within the faid harbour as the faid committee (hali, by any rule, order, or by-law to be made and ordained as aforefaid, agree upon, and alfo to abide by, perforin, and fulfil all and every fuch rules, orders, by-laws and. regulations as the faid corporation (hall, puTfuant tq th$ powers in them vefted by this ad, make and ordain restive to the condud of fuch lightermen* or the owner of fuch lighters or veffel*.

LXfcll. And be it cna&rd by the authority aforefaid. That if any lighter or veffel above the burthen of ten tons as aforefaid,1 which (hall not be liccnfcd as aforefaid, and the owner or owners of which (hall not have given fuch fecurity as aforefaid, (hall be foupd laden with any goodsr merchandize, matter, or thing whatever within the faid harbour, or if any fuch owner omwners of any fuch lighter or veffef, fhall refufe or neglfed to*enter into fuch fecurity, and perform the requifites enjoined by this ad, then and for every of the faid offences, and for every time any of the faid offences (hall be committed, the owner or mailer of (uch lighter or veffel (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds (terling, tj be recovered as herein after is direded, one half thereof

to



Digitized by Google

The twenty Jixtb Year of George 1 IT.	f5

to be paid to the pcrfon who (hall give information to the A. I), faid corporation of fuch offence, and the other half thereof *786. to be paid to the faid corporation for the purpofes of this Chap. 19.

LXIV. A nd be it farther enabled by the authority afore- Sum8 faid, That all and every fum and fums of money which fhall to payment of arife, grow due, or be levied from time to time by force and (aLuies, &c. virtue of this a&, whether by way of payment of ballaft, rates, duties, fines, forfeitures, or otherwife, fhall be applied in the firft place to pay the faid falaries and rewards, pilotage and neceffary expences of the faid corporation, and the refidue thereof from time to tithe, in improving and cleanfing the faid river and port, and rendering the fame fafe * and convenient for fhips and veffels reforting thereto, and in keeping the walls of the faid river in repair as aforefaid, and particularly towards cartying on the South wall, commonly called the Ballafkoffice wall in the harbour of Dublin, in fuch manner, and by fuch ways and means, as to the faid corporation fhall feem meet and expedient.

L\V. And whereas the harbour of Dunleary is a land- Corporation ing place within the port of Dublin, and of Angular ufe to empowered to the trade thereof, by affording fafety to fhippingwhen they improve. Sec. cannot get into the harbour of Dublin: and whereas the j^k^,our °* faid harbour is rendered lefs ufefui to the faid fhipping by reafon of the filling up thereof with fand; be it therefore cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid corporation be, ana are hereby empowered to raife ballaft in the (aid harbour of Dunleary, and to furnjfh with ballaft all (hips and veffels which fhall refort to the faid harbour of Dunleary in like manner, and under the like rules and regulations, with the Kke powers with refpeft thereto as are hereby vetted in the faM corporation, with refpedt to the railing of ballaft in the harbour of Dublin, and the furnifh-ing fhips and veffels reforting thereto with ballaft, and to ufe fuch ways and means as the faid corporation fhall find expedient Tor the cleanfing and deepening the faid harbour of Dunleary, and the faid corporation are alfo hereby empowered, in fuch manner as they fhall think proper, to improve the (aid harbour of Dunleary, and the pier thereof.

And in drder to' enable the faid corporation to raife and farnifh fuch ballaft as aforefaid, in the faid harbour of Dunleary, and to cleanfe, deepen, and improve the faid harbour and pier: be it enaby the authority aforefaid,

That the matter or commander of every fhip or vtffel that (hall take in ballaft in tbe faid harbour of Dunkary, fhall pay, or caufe to be paid to the officer who fhall be appointed to receive the fame, fuch rite and duty as fuch commander

or

Digitized by v^ooQle

Rates of ballad, flee, the fame in Dunleary a» in Dublin,

lighters &<*. en-ployed there, to be under the lame regulations &c. as in Dublin.

VefTels arriving at Dun-lrary, (nhjcfl to fame rules &C. a.« if in Dublinj harbour.

% Same powers with regard to Dunleary ex* tended to Dal* key.

The twenty fxt6 Tear of George III.

or mfidef would by virtue of this aft have been fubjieft to, it he had taken in ballad within that part of the harbour of Dublin, lying weilward of the Block-houfe aforefaid; and that the mailer or commander of every fuch (hip or velTel atf (hall put out ballad within the faid harbour of Dun-leary, lhall pay, or caufe to be paid to fuch office, fuch rate and duty as fuch commander or mader would by virtue of this aft have been fubjeft to, if he had put out fuch ballad within the port or harbour of D.ubliu ; and that the mader or owner of every (hip or veflel coming into the fa*d harbour of Dunleary, I hall, over and befides all fum and fums of money payable for ballad as kforefaid, pay at the faid office to fuch perion or per Ions, as the faid corporation fhall appoint to receive the lame as afurelaid, the like rates and duties as the tonnage of fuch (hip or veffcl, as fuch (hip or veflel, or the mader or owner thereof, would have been fubjeft to, under or by virtue of this aft, if fuch (hip or velfcl had arrived in the port or harbour of Dublin ; and that all lighters, gabbards, and wherries, which (hall be ufuaily employed in the faid harbour of Dunleary, (hall pay to the faid corporation fuch annual and other fums of money refpeftively, and be fubjeft to fuch diltrefs for the fame, and to all fuch rules, orders, regulations, and penalties for breach thereof, as lighters, gabbards, and wherries employed in the port of Dublin, or the rivet Anna LifFcy, pay and are fubjeft to by virtue of this aft.

LXV1I. And be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid, That all (hips and veffels which (hall from th.e palling of this aft, arrive in the faid harbour of Dunleary, and the maders and commanders thereof refpeftively, (hall be fub-jeft to all and every the like rules, orJers, regulations, and by-laws, as (hips and vcfljels which (hall refort to the port and harbour of Dublin, and their maders and commanders are by this aft made fubjed to, and that all and every the. maders and commanders of all fuch (hips and Veffels as (hall. arrive as aforefaid in the faid harbour of .Dunleary, (hall bo fubjeft and liable to all fuch lines and penalties for aay breach or breaches of the aforefaid rules, , regulations,. orders, and by-laws, as the maders and commanders of. (hips and veffels which (hall arrive in the port or harbour , of Dublin are fubjeft or liable to for the like breach or breaches of any of* the (aid rules, regulations, ordere, or by-laws.

LXV1I1. And whereas it may be found expedient to fix buoys in the channel between Dalkey and the .main, and to improve the fame, fo as to render lying in that road more fafe and commodious, whereby veffels may at all times of tide find fhelter, and be able to proceed to fea ; b£ it,cna&-»

ed,

' The twenty^fixth Tsar of George Ilf. '* * r	87

cd, That the fame powers and regulations as are provided A. D. with regard to the harbour of Dunleary be extended to that 1786. of Dal key.	* Chap. 19.

LXIXr And whereas very great injuries have been done to (hips and vefiel s coming into, and moored in the laid harbour or bay of Dublin, and the faid river Anna Liffev, and the faid harbour of Dunleary, by wicked and evil minded perfons cutting away the buoys, and buoy-ropes from the anchors of fuch (hips and vefids, and alfo the ropes and hawfers by which (hips and vefiels are moored and faftened to their anchors* and otherwife within the faid harbour* bay, and river ; and it alfo frequently happens, that when a veffei through diftrefs or other caufe, flips or cuts her cable, and leaves her anchor behind with a buoy faftened thereto, fuch buoy, and the rope by which the fame is faftened, are eut away for the purpofe of preventing the% owner of fuch anchor from finding the fame, and the per-fons who ctit away fuch buoy and buoy-rope, take private^ marks of the place where they find the fame, fo as to t>e able'with certainty to know where fuch anchor lies, «jnd thereby to extort an extravagant reward for finding the fame: and whereas the perfons guilty of fuch nefarious p?rfomguilty pra&ices* frequently efcape punifhment, by reafon of the ot cuttm* -*»y mailers and crests of fuch vefiels being obliged to fail from ^ g J^eDtut‘ this kingdom, and on that account, being prevented from	^4**

attending the profecution of fuch perfons by the ordinary with courfc of law: for remedy whereof, and in order as effec- a* hexek*. tuallv as pofliblc to prevent fuch flagitious and dangerous ar+s, be it ena6led by the authority aforefaid, That it ,

(hall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majefty*s lub-. je&s whatfoever, to feize and take intp cuftody, any per-fon or perfons {except thofe who maybe lawfully empowered fo to do) giiilty of wdlful cutting away any buoy or buoy-rope from any anchor of any fhip, lighter, vefiel, or wherry within the faid harbours of Dublin and Dunleary, or either of them, or upon the faid river Anna(Liffey, from any anchor which may have been left in faid harbour, bay, or river, by any fuch (hip, vefiel, lighter, or wherry, which may have parted from fuch anchor by any caufe what-	>

ever, or of cutting away any rope or hawftr, by w hich any fuch fhip or vefiel (hall be faftened,' or in any manner what-^ ever, calling1 loofe, or cutting away any fuch (hip, lighter, vefiel, or wherry, from its moorings, or of defacing or taking away any floating buoy or perch, or knowul fea- ’ mark, and to bring fuch perfon or perfons before the faid corporation, or any three or more of the members thereof, who are .hereby empowered and required, upon fuch perfon or perfons fo brought before them, being convicted upon

the

88	Tbt fiwcntj-pxtl? Year of George III.

A. D.	the oath or oaths of one or mote credible wrtoefs or wit-*

1786.	nefies, of any of the offences aforefaid, to commit the per-

Chap. 19. fon or perfons fo convifted to the houfe of corrcftion, there to be kept at hard labour for any fpace of time not exceeding fix months, or to order fuch offender or offenders to be publickly whipped in fuch ftreet or (Ireets, place or places, in the city or county of Dublin, as the faid corporation, or three or more of the members thereof as aforefaid, (hall di-reft ; and that any boat or other veffel in which it (hall ap^ pear, by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or wit-neffes, to be made before the (aid corporation, or any three of the members thereof, any perfon or perfons (hall he, chilli cutting away fuch buoy, rope, or hawfer as aforefaid, or whilff calling lqofe, or cutting away any Hi ip, veffe!, lighter, or wherry from its moorings, or whiifl defacing or taking away any floating buoy or perch, or known fea-mark, (hall be abfoluteiy forfeited and fold for the benefit of the faid corporation ; and it (hall* and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons who (hall fte any of the (aid offences committed, to feize fuch boat or other veflel aa aforefaid, and deliver the lame to the faid corporation, or their officer or officers, and the (aid corporate, upon oath ma^e as aforefaid, are hereby empowered to (ell the fame.

Buymorfcl- LXX. And for the further prevention of fuch ptafhees iil** ^ 88 afofcfaid ; he !t fna&ed hy the authority aforefaid. That be litenfed,	not he lawful for any perfon or perfons within the city

aos. per annpm. or county of Dublin, to buy or fell, or expofe to fak, any old ropes, cr old rigging, or ropes or rigging that may have been ufed, unlels fuch perfon or perfons (hall be thereunto licenfed by writing under the feal of the faid corporation, for which licenfe the perfon or perfons obtaining the fame, (hall pay to the faid corporation twenty (hillings, to be applied by the faid corporation to the purpofes of this aft, and fuch licenfe (hall be and remain fo force for the (pace of one year from the time pf granting the fame, and no longer*

Such perfons 1»XXI. Provided always. That before the faid corporate enter intole- tion (hall g^int any fuch licenfe, as lad mentioned, to any curity si here- perfon or perfons whatever, fuch perfon or perfons (had by himfelf, and one other perfon to be approved of by the (aid corporation, or any three or more of the members thereof, enter into fecurity by joint and fcveral bond, in the penalty of twenty pounds (terling, payable to the (aid corporation, conditioned that fuch pertoq or perfons (hall not, and wifi not buy or fell, or expofe to fale, any old ropes ->r old rigging, or any ropes or rigging which may have been made uff of, which he (hall have reafon to know or believe to

have

The twenty-fixtk Tear of George III,

have been ftolen, and without having and obtaining from the perfon or perfons from whom inch ropes or Tigging (hall have beexvlaft bought, a certificate' under his hand and feal, of the maimer in which the fame came to his hands, and from whom the fame were bought $ and alfo conditioned, that aB fuch ropes or rigging as aforefaid, as the perfon or perfons obtaining fnch licenfe, (hall buy or feH, or expofe to fale, (hall be weighed at fome of the publick cranes in the city of Dublin, and that the fame, together with the name or names of the perfon or perfons fo buying or felling, or expofing the fame to fale, fhaU be entered iu the books of the keeper of the crane where the fafne (hall be ^weighed, which entry the keeper of fnch crane is hereby required to make, under the penalty of five (hillings fterling for every time he (hall refufe fo to do.

LXXII. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons fhaU buy, or fell, or expofe to fale, any old ropes/ or rigging, or ropes or rigging that have been ufed as aforefaid, without being thereunto licenced as aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit to the faid corporation all fuch ropes or rigging, which it (hall be lawful for the laid corporation, or any of the members ’thereof, or any officer or officers employed by the faid corporation, to feize and to fell, and dilpofe of for the ufe of the faid corporation ; and fuch perfon or perfons (hall, over and above the fame, forfeit to the faid corporation the fum qf twenty pounds, to be applied to the purpofes of this a£ ; andan cafe any perfon or perfons having obtained fuch life ofe as aforefaid, (hall fell, or expofe to fale, any fuch ropes or rigging, without being weighed as aforefaid, and fuch entry thereof made as aforefaid, every fuch perfon fhaU over and befidps the forfeiture of the penalty of the bond to be entered into by him as aforefaid, forfeit to the faid corporation ail fuch ropes and rigging, to be feized, fold, and difpofed of as aforefaid.

L, XXIII, And whereas the faid corporation may find it ncccflary, in order to enable them the more effectually to carry into execution the purpofes of this aft, to borrow one. or more fum or fums of money upon the credit of the payments, rates, duties, and revenues to arife by this a6t: be it therefore eoa&ed by the authority aforefaid, That ii (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation to take up -and borrow upon the credit of the faid payments, Tates, duties, and revenues, any fum or fums of money they (hall think neceffary, at any rate of intereft not exceeding the legal intereft of money, at the time or times of boirowing fuch fum or fums of money refpe&ively, for which purpole

*9

A. D.

1

Chnp. jq

All fuch rope* or riggin* bought or fold without licenfe. forfeited* and the perfons guilty forfeit 2Cl.

The rorpoia-tion empowered to borrow money.

Digitized by v^ooQle

The twenty-fix:b Tear of George III.

A. D.

1786. Chap. 19.

The corporation to account yearly before the commillion-cr»oi impteft accounts.

ft fhall and may be lawful to and for the (aid corporation to ifTue debentures, under their feal, for the Turn or fums of money fo to be borrowed, in fuch manner and form, as the faid corporation by any by-law or by-laws to be entered into by them, purfuant to the diredions of this ad, fhall appoint; which debentures, and the fums therein refpedively yjutained, fhall be actual charges and liens upon the faid payment, rates, duties and revenues, or fo much thereof .as fhall be fpecified in fuch debentures refpec-tivcly.

I.XXIV. And to the end that all and every the film and fums of money which fhall arife, grow due and be levied from time to time, by force and virtue of this ad, or may be borrowed purfuant thereto, may be properly and effedu-ally applied to the purpofes of this ad: be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid corporation fhall, once in every year, lay before the commiffioners of imprefi accounts, a true and per ted account of all and every fum and fums of money, which fhall be received, levied, and borrowed as aforefaid, within the year immediately preceding the furnifhing of fuch account, and alfo how, and in. what particular manner the fame fhall have been applied, which account fhall be fo furnifhed, under the fral of the faid corporation ; and the faid corporation is hereby further empowered to order and dired to be paid to any pilot or pilots, who fhall adually pilot any (hip or fhips into, of out of the faid harbour of Dublin, fuch fum or fums of money, as according to the rates herein before limited and appointed to be paid for the piloting of fhips, fhall appear to be due and payable to him or them for fuch adunl pilotage ; and the faid corporation is hereby further impow-ered to ascertain, order, and dired to be paid out of the monies arifing by this ad, to any ieaman or feamen, perfpn or perfons, who though not then ading as a Hcenfed pilot or pilots, fhall in time of diftrefs, aid, affift, or take charge of any fhip or vefTel bound into, or out of the faid harbour of Dublin, any fum or fums they fhall think fit, as an extraordinary reward, over and above any fum or fums which fuch Teaman or feamen, perfon or perfons may be otherwife by law entitled to receive; and the faid corporation is hereby empowered for juft caufe fhewn or appearing to them,

: ) fufpend or remove from his or their employment or employments, any officer, pilot, or lighterman, who may at any time be employed by the faid corporation, and immediately to appoint fome fit perion or perfons to ad in his, or thtir place or places, who is and arc hereby authorized

fa



fo to do, until a due appointment (hall be made, according to the direction of this ad, with refped to the eledion and appointment of fuch officers refpedively.

LXXV. Provided always, That it (hall not be necef-fary for the faid corporation to make any return to the lord lieutenant, or chief governor, or privy council for the time being, of the election or nomination of any perfon or per-Ions whom they (hall at any time eled or nominate, as pilot or pilots.

LXXVI. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That no officer or officers who (hall be employed in the execution of any of the powers of this ad, (hall take or accept from any perfon or perfons whomfoever, any fee, or perqui-fite, gratuity, or reward, for or in refped of any matter to be done by him in the execution of any of the purpofes of this ad, (fave fuch as (hall be ordered or direded by the faid corporation to be paid to fuch pilot or pilots as afore-faid^ and that if any fuch officer (hall offend herein, he (hall be immediately thereupon djfnufied from fuch employment or office, and be for ever afterwards incapable of holding or executing any office or employment under the faid corporation.

Appointment of pilots not to be returned to chitf governor.

Officer* (except pilots) not to talc fccs,&c.

LXXVI I. And whereas the faid corporation may find officer* to it to be neceffary and proper, that the officers to be eleded, give fecurity. nominated, and appointed as aforefaid, or fome of them,

(hould give and enter into fecurity for the faithful and ho-nefl difeharge of the duties of the office ®r offices to which luch officer or officers fhall be appointed : be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation by any by-law, rule, order, or regulation to be entered into by theril, according to the diredions of this ad, to dired and appoint any fuch officer or officers, as they (hall think proper, to give fecurity in fuch form, and payable to fuch perfon or perfons, and conditioned in ftich manner as the faid corporation (hall by fuch by-law, rule, order, or regulation dired and appoint; and that all and every fecurity and fe-cufities which fhrill be entered into by any perfon or per-fooft, purfuant to fuch by-law, rule, order, or regulation (hall be ad valid, binding, and effedual to all intents and purpofes, as if. the form, manner, and condition of fuch fecurities or fecurity were particularly fpecified in this ad.

LXXVIII. And be it enaded by the •authority afore* Tri*l °* faid, That the faid corporation is hereby authorized and re- ^cncc>-quired to hear, try, and determine in a fummary way, all offences .and breaches of any claufe or article in this prefent 5	ad

Digitized by

91	The twenty Jixtb Tear of George III.

A. D. aft contained, other than fuch as are by this prelent ad 1786. appointed to be other wife heard and determined; and for

Chap. 19. that purpofe, upon aoy notice, complaint, or informaboe v-—of any fuch offence or breach as aforefaid, being laid before them, to fummon the party or parties fo complained of, aod all fuch witneffes as may be nectflary to appear before them, by fummons in writing under the hand of any officer to bt by them thereunto appointed, to be left at the ufiud place of abode of fuch party or witneffes, at leaf! twenty-foar hours before the time which (hall be appointed for fuch trial, and to examine all fuch witneffes upon oath in the prefence of the party who (hall be accufed, if fuch party accufed foil appear; and in cafe fuch party accufed, being fumrnoaed, fhall not appear, the faid corporation is hereby authorized to proceed as if fuch party had been prefent, and to examine into the matter of fuch notice, complaint, or mformatioa. and any fuch offence or breach of any fuch cUufe or article as aforefaid in this aft contained, being proved by there -luntary confcfiion of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, who (hall be (worn to give true teftimony on fuch trial, the faid corporation is hereby authorized and required to give judgment and fos- , tence accordingly, as in and by this aft is direfted arid appointed, and afterwards to ifl'ue their warrant or wanrnnu under the feal of the faid corporation, direfted to fiich per-fon or perfons as they fball think fit, for the.ioffifting the punifhment or penalty direfted by fuch fentence; and in cafe the fame (hall be by fine or forfeiture, then to tfibe a warrant of diffrefs, under the leal of the faid corporation, to be direfted to fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall think fit, for the levying of any forfeiture, fine, or penalty, in-(lifted or impofed by this prefent aft, for fuch offence, er breach thereof, which (hall be fo proved as aforefaid, by diftraining the goods and chattels of the party againft whom fuch judgment and fentence (hall be given as aforefaid; red if the good? and chattels which (hall be diffrained by virtue cf fuch warrant, (hall not be redeemed within feven days after the fame (hall be fo diffrained, it fhall and may be Jaw ful to and for the faid corporation to diveft the fome So be fold by- publick cant, and the fame, or lb much thereof a* (hull hz fufficient to pay fuch. forfeiture,, fine, on penalty, ihati he theieupon immediately fold accordingly ; and if there he any overplus after payment of faid forfeiture, fine, or penalty, fuch overplus (hall be returned to the party w hole goods and chattels were fo diffrained ; and if the-perfon or perfons to w hom fuch warrant (hallbe direfted, can-pot find a fufficient diftrefs to.anfwer or pay fuch forfeiture,

fine.

Digitized by LjOOQle

The twntjfatb Tear of George III.

fine or penalty, then upon proof made upon oath thereof by fuch perfon or perfons, the faid corporation (hall and may by warrant commit the party offending to the marflml-Tea of the city of Dublin, there to remain for the fpace of one month, or until he* (hall pay fuch forfeiture, fine, or penalty as aforefaid ; and upon proof as aforefaid, that no fufficient diftrefs can be found to fatisfy any forfeiture, fine, or penalty impofed by this ait, not exceeding five pounds, it (hall anrd may be lawful to and for the faid corporation by warrant as aforefaid to commit the patty fo offending to the houfe of correction, there to be kept at hard labour for any fpace of time they (hall think proper, not exceeding three weeks.

LXXIX. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid corporation be, and are hereby empowered to adminiftcr fuch oath or oaths as aforefaid to all and every witnefles or witnefs, to be produced before them on any fuch trial as aforefaid.

LXXX. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or .perfons duly fummoned as aforefaid, to be a witnefs or witnefles, and give teftimony upon any fuch trial as aforefaid, (hall negled or refufe to appear before the faid corporation as aforefaid, or appearing (hall refufe to make oath as aforefaid, or making fuch oath, (hall refufe to anfwer fuch queflions as (hall be demanded of him or them, touching the matter in queflion, fuch perfon or pgdons fo neglcding or refilling, (hall for every time he or they (hall fo offend, forfeit the fum of ten pounds, to be levied by diilrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, by warrant to be iffued for that purpofe under the fealof the faid corporation.

LXXXI. Provided always, That this ad, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend to charge any perfon or perfons with any penalty, forfeiture, or punifliment, for any of the offences or breaches aforefaid* unlefs the perfon or perfons fo offending, be complained of to the faid corporation within three months after fuch offence (hall be committed ; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary not* withftaqding.

LXXX If. And whereas it is apprehended, that the eroding one or more wharf or wharfs as before mentioned, for the faving and ftoring of ballad in convenient parts of the (aid harbours of Dublin and Dunleary, would be attended with very great convenience to the (hipping coming into and going out of the faid harbour: be it therefore en-t&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid corporation to build and cred

fuch

Empowered to adminiftcr oaths.

Perfon* fum-moned as wit-neflea, not appearing, See. forfeit id.

Complaints to be made within three months.

The corporation empowered to cred wharis.

Digitized by

Google

94

A. D.

1786. Chap. 19.

Neceflkry to rb*n<c the couri'e of the river Dodder.



Thetmmty-Jtxih Tear ^George III.

fuch wharf or wharfs for the purpofes aforefaid, in or adjoining to fuch part or parts of the faid harbours, and u fuch manner as they fhajl think fit or find expedient.

LXXXIII. And whereas the changing the courfe of the river commonly called the river Dodder, fo as to prevent the fame from difeharging itfelf into the faid river Anna Liffey and harbour of Dublin, would tend in a very great degree to the improvement of the faid harbour, by removing the obflmflion now in the faid river Liffey, or harbour, called the bar of Dodder, and for that purpofe it is necef-fary that the faid courfe (hall be turned, and the change thereof begin on the northern fide of BalPs-bridge, and be carried on and proceed by a cut or canal in fuch courfe or direction as to the faid corporation (hall feem proper, to and upon the fouth ftrand below the common high tide mark on the faid ftrand ; and in order to preferve the grounds on each fide of the faid new courfe from being overflowed in times of flood, and of fpnng tides by making fubflantial and permanent works or walls on each fide of the canal, or cut to be made for fuch new courfe of the faid river, and t© have fuch works or walls and embankments kept at all times in good repair, fo as to prevent any fuch overflowing : be it therefore ena6Ud by the authority aforefaid, That it (haS and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation upon the terms of compenfation a9 herein after mentioned, to cut and open on the north fide of BalPs-bridge a fufficient courfe for the faid river Dodder to flow in from the north fide of BalPs-bridge, and be carried on and proceed by a cut or canal, in fuch courfe or dire&ion as to them (hall feem proper, to and upon the faid fouth ftrand, be! »\ the commit high tide mark on the faid ftrand, of the width of fixty-eight feet at the leaft in the bottom ; and that before the faid courfe (hall be turned, the faid corporation do, and (hall caufe to be built at their expenee, fufneient walls and embankments on each fide of the faid new cotirfe, which walls and embankments (hall be fufficiently high, to prevent water in faid canal at all times from overflowing the adjacent lands, or any of them ; and that when fuch walls and embankments (hall be fo built and compleated, it (hall and tnav be lawful to and for the faid corporation to turn, lead, and conduct the courfe of the faid river Dodder into and through the faid canal, fo that the faid river may difeharge itfelf to the fouthward of the new wall, commonly called the South Wall, and fo a3 efFe&ually to prevent the fame from difeharging itfelf into the faid river or harbour of Dublin.

L vXKIV. And whereas by means of fuch change, when made, the prcfetit Litercourfe between Ringfeud and Iri/h-

town, •

The twenty Jixth Tear oj George III.

towp, and the place called Saodymount, and other places louthward and (outh-weft of the laid courfe or canal, will be totally prevented, to the great inconvenience and injury of l^ie many inliabitants of the laid places, and the adjacent grounds, and the great number of - inhabitants of Ringfend and Irilhtown will be deprived of jthe falutary benefit of frelh and pure water, by . means of the faid change, unlefii they are otherwife fupplied with water from the faid canal : and whereas the bridge at Ringfend over the faid river Dodder, is in a ruinous condition, and would require to be rebuilt, if the courfe of faid river were not to be turned away from the faid bridge, and the rebuilding thereof would be a neceflary charge on the county of the city of Dublin : be it further ena&ed, That the grand jury of the city of Dublin do, and fhall, in the term next after the lines for the faid intended courfe or canal fhall be marked out, caufe to be prefented and mi fed upon the county of the faid city of Dublin at large, in thf manner prescribed by the laws now in force for railing money by prefentment for building bridges in counties, a lum of money fufHcieot for building and erecting acrofs the faid intended courfe or canal on a line as di-redly as conveniently may be, .from Irilhtown to Sandy-mount, a bridge of flone, fand, and mortar, fufficiently wide for horfes, carriages, and paffengers, to pals aud re-pafs between the places aforefaid.

LXXXV. And be it further enaCted, That the inhabitants of Ringfend and Iriflitown, (hall have and receive a fupply of frelh water from the faid river Dodder, or new cut or canal, to the centre of each of them, fo as that the inhabitants may fupply themfelvcs at all times with frelh water; provided they fhall by proper fewers, let the fuper-abundant water difeharge itfclf into die LifTey in a convenient manner.

LXXXVI. And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or perfons (hall happen to fuftain, or be in danger of fuftaining any damage or injury in bis, her, or their grounds, lands, tenements, mill or mills, or hereditaments, by means of any overflowing of the waters of the faid canal, or of any breach or breaches in the faid wall or bank, and that the faid corporation (hall negled or refufe to make compenfation unto fuch perfon or perfons for Jtich damage, and to repair and amend fuch breach or breaches within one calendar month next after due notice in writing to the faid corporation, of fuch breach pr breaches, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch peifon or perfons or any of them, to repair and amend the fame, and the faid corporation fhall thereupon immediately pay unto fuch perfon or perlbns not only the amount of the expence paid by. fuch perfon or .perfons for

the

Money to bn prefented for building a bridge from Irilhtown t9 Sandymount.

Ringfend and Irilhtown to b« fupplied with water from the river Dodder.

Injuries occa-fioncd by overflowing of faid canal, how to be repaired.

Digitized by

Googl

The tvxntyfxth Tear of George III.

the making of fuch repair or repairs, but alfo the amount of his, her, or then damage or damages (if any) fuflained by neafon of the (aid breach or breaches ; and in cafe of re-fofal to pay the fame refpe&ivcly, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid perfon or perfons, to fue for and recover the (ame refpeftively from the (aid corporation, by a&ioa of trefpafs, or on the cafe in any court of law in this king'-dom, with full coftt of fuit.

LXXXVIL And whereas the (aid corporation may find it neceflary to purchafe one or more piece or pieces of ground, convenient for the erecling of fuch wharf or wharfs as aforefaid, and alfo to make fatisfa&ion or compertfatioa to the right honourable Richard lord vifeount Fitz-W illiamr and others, the owners and occupiers of the ground and premifTes through which it may be neceflary to turn and lead the courfe of the faid river Dodder as aforefaid, and to the owners of any mills, weirs, or bleach greens which may he in or upon, or contiguous to the faid river, for the damage which his lordfhip, his heirs or aligns, and others * the owners aud occupiers aforefaid, may utftain thereby, cither by purchafing from his lordfhip, his heirs or afligns, and fuch owners and occupiers of the faid ground and premifTes, mills, weirs, and bleach greens, their eflates and mterefts therein, or otherwife: be it therefore ena&ed The corpora- by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful fcion to agree to for the faid corporation, or any three members Y/uh the mhen* thereof, to be empowered for that purpofe by the (aid corporation, (the appointment of whom need not be returned to the lord lieutenant, or chief governor for the time be-ing,) to treat and agree fcrith all and every, or any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corj>urate, who i*y are, or may be the inheritor or inheritors, owners, or occupiers of any fuch ground or prei&fles, mills, weir., or bleach-greens as aforefaid, for the purchafe of his, her, or their refpe&ive ell ate and interefl therein, or relative to} and concerning any compenfation or fatisfadion which they or any of them may claim or demand for any damage or damages, which they or any of them may fuffer or fuftain by the means aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch treaty or treaties (hall end in an agreement or agreements, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, to take and accept of at conveyance or conveyances of fuch piece or pieces of groundr or otlur premifTes, a9 they (hall purchafe from fuch perfon or perfons, bodies or body politick or corporate, or any of them, and to take and accept of a difeharge or difeharger for fatJh fatrsfadion or compenfation as aforefaid ; which* conveyance or conveyances, difeharge or difchargcs, (Hall be

bindings

tors of giouud, &

Digitized by v^ooQle

The twenty-Jixth Tear of George III.

Binding and conclufive, to and upon the perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, executing and perfeft-ing the fame ; and in cafe the perfons who (hall be empowered to treat and agree as aforefaid, cannot, or (hall not by reafon of non-a^e, coverture, intail, infanity, or other legal impediment in the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers of fuch ground and premifles as aforefaid, or from any other caufe or reafon, agree with fuch owners or occupiers as aforefaid, relative to the matters aforefaid, then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid members of the faid corporation, who (hall be empowered as aforefaid from time to time to iffue a Warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, under their hands and feals, to the IherifFs of the city of .Dublin, in cafe fuch ground and premifles, mills, weirs, or bleach-greens, (hall be within their bailiwick, or to the (heriff of the county of Dublin, in cafe the fame (hall be within his bailiwick, thereby commanding and requiring fuch (heriff or (heriffs to impannel and return a competent number of fub-ftantial and difinterefted perfons qualified to ferve on juries, not lefs than thirty-fix, nor more than fixty ; and fuch (he-riffs or (heriff are, and is hereby required to impannel and return fuch jury accordingly, under the penalty of fifty pounds, to be recovered by a&ion of debt, by any perfon who (hall fue for the fame in any court of record, and out of fuch perfons fo to be impannefied and returned, a jury of twelve perfons (hall be drawn by fome perfon to be named by the frid members, who (hall be empowered as aforefaid, in fuch manner as juries for the trial of i(Tue9 joined in his Majefly's Four-courts at Dublin, by an ad made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled. An aS for the- better regulating of juries, are dire&ed to be drawn, which perfons fo to be impaimelled, fummoned, and returned as aforefaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the faid perfons who (hall be appointed as aforefaid, at fuch time and place as in fuch warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, (hall be directed and appointed, and to attend the faid perfons until difeharged by the faid perfons, and all parties concerned (hall and may have their lawful challenges again (I any of the faid jurymen, but (hall not be at liberty to challenge the array ; and the faid members of the faid corporation fo to be appointed, are hereby authorized and empowered by precept or precepts from time to time, as cccalion (hall-require, to call before them, and the faid jury, all and every perfon and perfons whatsoever, who (hall be thought proper or neceflary to be examined as witnefTes before them ; and the faid jury on their oath or oaths touching Vol. VIII.	G	and

if there can be no agree? ment made with fuch perfon, a . jury fliall be fummoned to value the lame as herein,

39 O. a.

Digitized by v^ooQle

98

A. D.

1786. Chap. 19.

*4

The twenty-fxih Ttar of George III.

and concerning the premifles, and the faid members, if they llxall think fit, (hall arid may likewife authorize the faid jury to view the plade or places in queftion, in fuch manner.a* they (hall direct, and (hall have power to adjourn fuch meeting from day to day as occafion (hall require, and to command fuch jury, witnefTes, and parties to attend until fuch affairs for which they were fitmmoncd (hall be concluded ; and the faid jury', upon thtir oaths (which oaths, as alfo the oaths to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be called upon to give evidence, the members are hereby empowered and required to admiuiller) (hall enquire of the value of fuch ground as the faid courfe or canal (hall be cut through, aud of fuch ground as the faid corporation (hall determine to purchafe for the purpofes aforefaid, or any of them, and of the refpe&ive dlate, right, title, term, and intereft of every perfon and perfons, body or bodies politick and corporate, feized or pofTcflcd thereof, or interefted therein, or of or in any part thereof; and alfo what compen. fat ion and fatisfadion (hall be awarded and paid to any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, for any damage or damages which they or any- of them may confequcntly or otherwife fuffer or fullain by means of turning, leading or conduding the fuid river Dodder as aforefaid, and fhall alTefs and award the fum or fums to be paid to every fuch perfon or perfons for the purchafe of fuch his, her, or their refpedive eftates. rights, titles, terms, and intereft* as aforefaid, and for fuch damage or damages,as aforefaid : and the faid members fo empowered as afoicfaid, (hall and may give judgment for fuch fuin or turns of money fo to be ailUfod, which faid verdict or verdicts, and the faid judgment, decree, or determination thereupon (notice in writing being given to the perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick and corporate interefted, at leaft fourteen days before the time of the lirft meeting of the faid jury', declaring the time and place of the meeting, by leaving fuch notice the dwdling-houfe of fuch perlon or perfons, or at his, her, or their ufual place or places of abode, if then refident within this kingdom, and if not, then with the known agent or receiver of the rents of fuch perfon as (hall be then abfent from this kingdom, or, if a body politick or corporate, then with the ‘oftcr.liblc or waiting officer of fuch body p< b'tick' or corporate) (hall be binding and conclufivc to all intents and purpofes vvhatfoever, againft all and every perfon or perfons, bodies and body, politick and corporate, claiming any eftatc, right, title, truft, ufe, or intereft, iu, to, or out of the faid piece or pieces of ground and pxe-mifles, mills, weirs, or bleach-greens, either in pofTLflion,

rtverfion.

Digitized by i^ooQle

7he twentyfixtb Year of George III.

reverfion, remainder, or expe&ancy, as well infants and ifTue unborn, lunaticks, idiots, and feme coverts, and per-fons under any legal incapacity or difability, as all other eejtui qut trufts, his, her, and their heirs, fucceffors, executors, and adminiftrators, and againft all other perfons whomfoever ; and the faid verdicts, judgments, and decrees, and all other proceedings of the faid commiffionera and juries to be made, given, and pronounced as aforefaid, (hall be fairly written on parchment, and figned and fealed by the members of the faid corporation fo empowered, who pronounced fuch judgment and decrees; and alfo, that the (aid corporation (hall be empowered to make compenfation to the proprietors of the fait refineries, (ituated at or near the South wall at Ringfend, for any damages that may be done them in confequence of turning the courfe of the (aid river Dodder, by which the fea-water made ufc of by them in their manufa&ure of fait may be rendered iefs impregnated with fait by the fre(h water of faid river mixing therewith, the faid damages to be ascertained by a jury in like manner as herein before in other cafes is provided.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enaded by the authority, aforefaid. That upon payment of fuch fum or fums of money fo to be awarded or adjudged, the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be awarded for the purchafe of any fuch ground as aforefaid, or for the purchafe of any eftate, right, title, term, or intereft therein, (hall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal conveyances, affignments, and aflurances in the law to the faid corporation of fuch ground as aforefaid, or of fuch eftate, right, title, term, or intereft for which fuch fum or fums of money (hall be fo awarded, and (hall procure all ne-cefiary parties to execute fuch conveyances, affignments, and aflurances, and (hall do all a&s, matters, and things necef-fary and requifite to make a good, clear, and perfeft title to the faid corporation ; and fuch conveyances, affignments, and aflurances, (hall contain all fuch reafonabie and ufual coTenants, as (hall on the part of the faid corporation be required ; and fuch perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick and corporate, to whom any fum or fums of money by way of fatisfa&ion and compenfation for fuch damages as aforefaid, (hall be awarded as aforefaid, (hall give and perfeft to the faid corporation, a full and fufficient acquittance and difeharge from all claims and demands for or on account of fuch damages aforefaid, all which conveyances, affignments, and difeharges, (hall be binding and conclufive to all intent8 and purpofes, upon the feveral and refpe£live perfon and perfons, bodies or body politick and corporate exteut-G 2	ing

compenfation to the proprietor* of the fait refineries at RingfcnX

Upon payment of fums lb awarded, conveyances to bo made of faid ground to the corporation, at herein.

Digilii Google

rco

V>r<liv>s

H-hII oc

in th“ rollvof-fk<* of the court of Chun-cerv, for pir-poJ^s as hcicin

The tufcnty-fixth Tear of George III.

ing the fame; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfon* to whom fuch fum or fums (hall be awarded as aforefaid, (hall not be able to evince their title to the premises to the faid corporation, and to make, or procure to be made good, valid, and legal conveyances thereof to the faid corporation, or to ex* ecute fuch acquittances as aforefaid to the faid corporation, or (hall refufe fo to do, being thereunto required, and fuch fum or fums fo affeffed and awarded as aforefaid, being ten-? d«red to be paid to him, her, or them on their making fuch title, and executing or procuring to be executed, fuch conveyances, acquittances, and difeharges as aforefaid : or in cafe fuch perfon or perfons to whom fuch fum or fums of money (hall be awarded, as aforefaid, cannot be found in the faid city, or in cafe, by reafon of difputes or differences, or for defect of evidence, it (hall not appear to the faid cornmifiioners, what perfon or perfon9 is or are entitled to the premiffes in queftion, then, and fn every fnch cafe as aforefaid, it (hall and maybe lawful to and for the faid corporation to pay into, and depofit in his Majeffy’s court of C hancery in this kingdom, the faid fum or fums fo affeffed aTid awarded as aforeiaid, which court is hereby empowered, in a fummary way, upon the feveral petitions of the refpec-tive parties, to hear, fudge of, and determine, as well by examination of witneflcs upon oath, as by all other ways and means which the faid court (hall judge proper, the fere-ral rights, claims, and demands of all perfons interefted in the matters aforefaid, and to afeertain and pay unto fuch perfon and perfons refpe&ively, according to their feveral in-terefts, fuch (hare and proportion of fuch fum and fums of money, as the faid court of Chanccrr lhr.l! judge ft, which judgment, in fuch cafe, (hall be final and condufive.

LXXX1X. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch verdicts, judgments, fentences, decrees, orders, and other proceedings of the faid members of the faid corporation, and juries, as relate to or concern the premiffes aforefaid, (hall be entered in the rolls-ouice of the faid court of Chancery, and the fame or true copies thereof, (hall he deemed and taken to be good and fufficient evidence and proof in any court or courts of law or equity whatfoever, and immediately on fuch payment and entry of fuch verdift, judgments fentences decrees, orders, and other proceeding? of the faid members and juries as aforc-faid, all the eftate, right, title, term, interell, ufe, truft, property, claim, and demand in law and equity, of the perfon or perfons for whofc ufe fuch money (hall be paid as aforefaid, in, to,- and out of th^ premiffes which (hall be fo purchafcd, (hall veil in the faid corporation, and they (hal] be deemed in law to be in the a&ual poffcflkm thereof, to all

intents



Digit!

,Google

The twenty-fxth Tear of George III.	ioi

intents and purpofes whatfoever; and all and every perfon A. D. and perfons, body aud bodies politick and corporate, to whom 1786. any fuch fatisfa&ion or compenfaticn as aforefaid lhall be Chap. 19. awarded, ihall from thenceforth be for ever barred from claim-ing any fatisfa&ion or compenfation whatfoever, for any damage which they or any of them fhall fuftain by the means aforefaid.

XC. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Conveyances faid. That the conveyance of any fuch eftate or intereft of	°of

any femme covtrt, in or to any fuch ground as aforefaid, to the faid corporation, or any perfon or perfons in trull for to be effe&cul, them by bargain and fale, acknowledged by fuch femme covert, in fuch manner as bargains and Tales are ufudlly acknowledged and enrolled in the rolls office of his Majefty’a high court of Chancery in Ireland, within fix months after the making thereof, fhall as effedlually and abfolutely convey the ellate and intereft of fuch femme coverts in the pre-mifies, as any fine or fines, recovery, or recoveries, “fhould or could do if levied or fuffered thereof in due form of law, and further, that all bargains and Tales whatfoever, to be made of any fuch ground as fhall be purphafed by the faid corporation, by virtue of and for the purpofes of this a‘<tl,

(hall have the force, effed, and operation in law, to all intents and purpofes, which any fine or fines, recovery pr recoveries whatfoever would have, if levied or fuffered by the bargainer or bargainers, or any perfon feized of any eftate in the premiffes, in truft for, or to the ufe of fuch bargainer or bargainers, in any legal manner or form lyhatfb-ever.

XCI. And whereas by an a& palled in the twenty-third	«3 8c 24 GW 3.

and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, c- lt entitled, An aQ for granting unto his Majejly, his heirs and fuecejfors, an additional duty on wine, Lida, beer, ale, and other goods and merchandizes therein mentioned, and fur prohibiting the importation of all gold and fiver lace? and of all cambricks and lawns, except of the manufacture of Great Britain, and the Britifh plantations, and of all glafs, except from Great Britain ; the fums of two thou land pounds, and one Remains of . thoufand pounds, were dirt&ed to be paid to the lord mayor 300CI granted of the city of Dublin, the members in Parliament for the	^	fvr

faid city, the colle&or of the port of Dublin, all for the	j^by

time being, and to the right honourable lord vifcount Rane- vcittdin the 7 lagh, William Colvill, Theqphilus Thompfon, Ifaac Weld, corporation. George Sutton, Henry Howifon, James Hamilton, and John White, efquires, for the purpofe of making moorings in the faid haiboar, or improving the fame, by changing the courfe of the river Dodder: be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in order the better to enable the 5	laid

Digitized by L.00Q le

The corporation empowered to impofe fines, as herein.

A&ions a-gainft perfons atting in pursuance hereof to be within fix months after the

fra, 6cc.

The twenty-fixth Tear of George III.

laid cprporatkm to improve the laid harbour, by changing1 the courfc of the (aid river, fo much of the faid fums of two thoufand pounds, and one thoufand pounds, as (hall remain unapplied by the faid fevcral lail named perfons, after the faid moorings (hall be completed, and the expence thereof defrayed, be, and the fame is hereby from henceforth veiled in the faid corporation, and that the fame be paid to the faid corporation, to be by them applied to the faid pur-pefe.

XCI1. And be it further ena&cd by the authority afore-faid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any of the members of the faid corporation authorized as aforefaid, from time to time to impofe any rcafonable fine, not exceeding the fum of ten pounds, on any fherifF or (heriffs, or their deputy or deputies, bailiffs, or agents refpe&ivcly, who (hall make any default in the premises, and on any perfons who (hall be fummoned and returned on any fuch jury or juries, who (hall not appear, and alfo on any witnefs or witneffes who (hall not attend, or fhail attend, and refufc to be fworn, or Who being fworn, (hall refufe to give evidence, and on any perfons, who being fummoned and returned on fuch jury or juries, or being fworn thereon, (hall not give his or their verdi&, or (hall in any other manner wilfully negle& his or their duty, - in or touching the premiifes, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt, and from time to time to levy fuch fine or fines, by order of the faid corporation, ot any of them authorized as aforefaid, as the cafe may require, by diftrefs and Tale of the offender's goods, together with the reafonable charges of every fuch diitrefs and fale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner; and all fuch fines which (hall be recovered and received, (hall be applied towards the purpofes of this adf.

XCIII. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any adtion fhail be brought, or fuit commenced againfl any perfon or perfons fur any thing which (hall be done in purfuance of thisadt, or in relation to the prcmifTes, or any of them, fuch a&ion or fuit fhail be brought within fix months after the fadl fhail be alledged to have been done, and the defendant or defendants in fuch adfion may plead the general iflue, and give this adf and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by authority of this adf; and if the fame fhail appear to have been fo done, or if fuch adtion or fuit fhail not be brought within the time herein before limited, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants ; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch adtion or fuit (hall be non-fuited, or fuffer a difcontinuance thereof, or if a verdidt (hall pafs againlt fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon

demurrer^

Digitized by

Google

The tnoentyfixth Tear of George III.

demurrer, judgement /hall be given agamft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall have double cods.

XCIV. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation to pav and reimbtrrfe themfclves by and out of the firff of the rates, duties, and revenues which they (hall receive by virtue of this ad, all fuch cods and expences as they fhall be put to in the obtaining of this ad.

XCV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That this ad (hall be a publick ad, and (hall be deemed and taken notice of as fuch by all judges, jufli-ces, and others, in all courts and places, without pleading (be fame.

CHAP. XX.

An ASI to explain and amend an A SI faffed in the Twenty-fifth hear f Hit prefent Majcfij, entitled. At Aci for the farther Improvement ai\d .Extenfion of the Fijberies on the Coafts of this Kingdom.

H E R E A S by an ad paded laft feflion of Parlia- Rccjtal of 25 ment, entitled. An adt for the farther improvement o. 3. c. 14. and extenfion of the fijberies on the coajls of this kingdom ; it is. enaded, That fuch veffels as arc intended for the fummer filhery, (hall be entered on or before the twenty-fifth day of April, and that fuch veffels as are intended for the winter fifiicry (hall be entered on or before the twenty-fifth day df Odober, and (hall proceed to fome one of the places of general rendezvous appointed*by the faid ad ; and whereas fifh of various kinds frequent the coalls of this kingdom at various feafons, and it may be a detriment tq the fifheriea to reftrain the fifhing to particular places: be it enaded by the King’s moil excellent Maiefty, by and with the advice f Fi(hmg yr^' and content of the lords fpintual and temporal, and cqm- the bounty, *** mons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the autho- as herein.' rity of the fame. That the owners of fuch veffels, or their agents, as (hall enter the fame for the bounty at any feafon between the firft of March and twenty-fifth of Odober, and proceed to any one of the places of rendezvous, or dillrids of the port appointed in the faid ad, or in this prefent ad; and (hall product a certificate from one of the infpedors of the fiiheries, or port furveyor of the diftrid of the port where no infpedor is appointed, or who by ficknefs or other unavoidable caufe of abfence caunot attend, of his or their veffels being examined, and having on board the fcveral rc-

quilitefi

A publick aft.

A. D.

1786. Chap. 20.

Via c* of rendezvous.

Veffels not under 20 tons allowed bounty, bur no f»reiter bounty iiian for 80 tons.

as. ad. per barrel for well cured wetfilh exported.

Proof of bring properly packed, Ac.

The twenty^fixth Ytarof George III,

auifites prescribed by the Said ad, and who (hall have performed every other requite preferibed by the (aid ad, and by this prefent ad, (hall be entitled to the (aid bounty granted by faid ad.

II.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That in addition to thole already appointed, the harbours of Black Sod and Broadhaven, in the county of May'o> (UU be and are hereby appointed as places of rendezvous-

III.	And whereas it may tend to encourage a dired trade to foreign parts by admitting upon the bounty veffels of any burthen : be it enaned by the authority aforefaid, That the owners of nil veffels not under twenty tons burden who (hall comply with the requifites of faid ad, and this prefent ad, (hall be entitled to receive the bounty given by faid act, provided that no greater bounty (hall be paid than for eighty tons to any one veffrl.

IV.	And whereas doubts have arifen as to the bounties upon exports what fpccies cf fi(h are entitled to the faid bounty: and whereas it is dire£t?d by faid ad, that no bounty (hall be paid on the exportation of herrings, but on fuch as (hall have been repacked not within ten days from the firft curing : be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That a bounty of two (hillings and twro pence (hall be paid upon every barrel containing thirty two gallons, wherein any fpccies of well cured wet fi(h (hall be exported ; and that the repacking faid wet fifh or herrings (hall not be neceffary for the obtaining the faid bounty ; any thing in the faid ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provided always, it (hall he made appear to the fatif-fadion of the colledor, or othSfr principal officer or infpec-tor, by the oath of the owner or (hipper of fuch wet fi(h or herrings, that the barrels in which faid fifh or herrings is contained were properly packed and filled up with pickle.

VI.	And whereas by the faid ad rt is enaded, That no bounty (hall be paid to or for any vefTcl that (hall not be made appear to the fatisfa&ion of the commiffioners to have been for fix months before failing the property of one or more owner or owners refident in this kingdom : be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That fuch chmfe in faid ad fhall not be deemed or taken to extend to the cafes of the transfer of the pioperty of veffels between perfons adually refident in this kingdom, upon making due proof to the commiffioners that the faid veffels had been for fix months before fuch transfer bona Jide the property of perfons actually refident in this kingdom,

VII.	And

r

The twenty-Jixth Tear of George III.

VII.	And for the better promoting the frfheries on the

north weft coalls of this kingdom, and accommodating all

perfons employed therein: be it enabled, That all vefTcU

proceeding from any port in this kingdom to faid fiftieries, Carrying ma-

may carry Out with them on board all kinds of materials c J i ./	..	,	mg, occ. not

For building, provifrons, and naval ftores, and other articles to prejudice a

that may be neceflary pr wanting to perfons employed right to the

in faid filheries, without prejudice to their right to faid houuty.

bounty for or by redun of any reftriftioa contained in faid

ad.

CHAP. xxr.

Art Atl for continuing and amending federal Laxvs relating to Amended 17 His Majefiy*i Reoenue, and for the more ef t3 tally pre- ^ 3^* aS. i. venting of Frauds therein, and jor other purptfes therein min -	* C*

tuned.

WHEREAS the feveral laws heretofore made to prevent frauds in his Majefty’s revenue of cuftoms and excife, have not proved fuficient to anfwer the purpofes thereby intended, by reafon of many fecret and clandeftine pra&iccs made ufe of to evade or elude the fame : be it Exporter, Ac. therefore ena&ed by the King’s moll excellent Majcfty, by *.n or^er and with the advice and coufent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons io this prefent Parliament afleih- make affidavit, bled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and « herein; after the palling of this ad, the exporter, merchant, or perfon having the direction of the voyage, and entering goods for exportation to foreign parts, fhalV in order to obtain a drawback on any goods which lhall be fo entered for exportation to foreign parts, make affidavit upon the debenture paper, that he is the real owner, exporter, merchant, or perfon having the diredion of the voyaye, and that the faid goods are really and hona Jide intended to be exported to the port or place mentioned in the entry thereof, and to no other, and that no part thereof has been re-landed, nor is intended to be re-landed in any part of this kingdom, nor landed, nor intended to be landed in Great Britain, or the Ifle of Man, or the iflands of Farro or Ferro, nor to be tranlhipped, or put on board any fhip or veffel, unlefs in cafe of real dif-trefs to fave the faid goods from perilhing, and the mailer or mailer of perfon having the charge or command of the Ihip or velfel ou board which fuch goods fhall be entered for exportation ^ herein. **** as aforefaid, fhall alfo make affidavit on the debenture paper, that he is the mailer or perfon having the charge or com-jaeqd of fuch Ihip or veftel, and that to the bed of his

knowledge

No drawback, Ac. (hall be given for good*, except as herein.

Officers to go ou hoard any vctfel and demand. the cocket as herein ;

rtfuling to prelate the cocker, goods and veilcl for-fcnaU.

The twenty fxtb Tear of George III.

knowledge and belief, neither fuch goods, nor any part thereof, have been re-landed, nor arc intended to be rc-land-ed, and that he will not permit or fuffer the feme, or any part thereof, to be relandcd in any port, creek, or haven in this kingdom, nor to be landed in Gieat Britain, or in the illands of Man, Farro, or Ferro, nor to he tranfhipped or put on hoard any (hip or veflel, unlefs in cafe of real diltrefs to feve the feid goods from periling.

II.	And for better preventing frauds in re-landing in this kingdom any goods which (hall be entitled to a drawback or bounty on expo nation from hence to Great Britain : be it further ena&ed, That from and after the paffing of this a&, no drawback or bounty (hall be allowed or paid for any goods exported or entered for exportation from this kingdom to Great Britain (except for goods which may perifh at fea, or be taken by an enemy or pirate, and which (hall be proved to the fatisfa&ion of the commiffioners of his Ma-jefty’s revenue to have done fo) until a certificate (hall be produced under the hands and feals of office of the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuftoms for the port where fuch goods (hall he landed in Great Britain, teftifying the landing thereof, which certificate (hall alfo exprefs the exa& weight, meafure, or quantity of the goods fo landed, with the number and marks of the calks, bales, or other packages in which fuch goods (hall be contained.

III.	And whereas goods are frequently (hipped out on debenture, with intention to rcland the ferae in this kingdom : be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for any officer or pfficera of his Majefty's revenue, to go on board any fhip or v ^Fel, being in any port or harbour, or within four leagues of the coatt of this kingdom, and to demand from the matter, commander, or other perfon having charge of fucli fhip or veffel, the cocket granted for debenture-* goods on board fuch fhip or veffel; and if on examination of the feid debent ure-goqda then on board, the feid officer or officers (hall find that fuch good3 on board are lefs in quantity than, or different in quality from the goods fpeci-fied in fuch cocket fo produced, then, and in fuch cafe, the whole of fuch goods fo entered outwards, and fo found on board fuch Yeffel, together with the (hip or veflel on board of which fuch goods (hall be found, fhall be forfeited ; and in cafe no fuch goods fo (hipped on debenture as aforefaid, (hall be found on board fuch (hip, or veffel, then, and in fuch cafe, fuch (hip or yeffel (hall in like manner be forfeited ; and in cafe the mailer, commander, or other perfon having charge of any fuch veffel as aforefaid, fhall refufe or negle&

produce fuch pocket on fuch demand as aforefaid, all •

goods

Digitized by L^ooQie

The twentyfixth Tear of George III.

goods on board, fuch fhip or veffel, together with the faid jhip or vefTel, (hall be forfeited ; and it (ball and may be lawful for fuch officer or officers as aforefaid, in any of the cafes aforefaid to fcize fuch veffel, and the goods found on board the fame refpedivdy, as the cafe may be.

IV.	An2Twherea§ there is no time limited by the laws relating to excife, of force in this kingdom, for ferving an injunction upoi* any appeal from any judgment or fentence of the commiffioners or fub-comrniffioners of excife, whereby great inconvenience has happened as well to the fubjed, as to his Majefly'S reveuue : for remedy whereof, be it euaded, That fuch perfon or perfons as lhall think himfdf, herfelf, or themfelvcs aggrieved by any judgment or fentence of the faid commiffioners or fub-commiffioners of excife, and lhall make his, her, or their appeal, unto the judges or com*.

' miffioners of appeal for the time being, purfuant to the faid laws, lhall feive the ipjundipn, grounded upon fuch appeal, within the fpace of twenty days next after fuch appeal fhall be lodged, and in default thereof, fuch fentence or judgment fo given fhail be final and couclufive to all intents and purposes.

V.	And in order to afeertain tl)e tonnage or burden of all (hips or Veffels: be it declared and enadted, That in all cafes, where it (hall be necellary, by any a d or ads of Parliament made, or hereafter to be made, concerning the revenues of cuftoms or excife, to afeertain the tonnage or burden of any fhip or veffel, the rule for admeafuring foch /hips or veffels fhall *be as follows, that is to fay, the length (hall be taken on a ftraight line along the rabbit of the keel of the fhip, from the back of the main ftern-poft, to a perpendicular b*ne from the for? part of the main ftern under the boltfprit, from which fubftrading three-fifths of the breadth, the remainder fhall be efteemed the juft length of the keel to find the tonnage 5 and the breadth fhall be taken from, the outfidc of the outfide plank in the broadeft part of the fhip, be it either above or below the main-whales, ex-clufive of all manner of doubling-planks, that may be wrought upon the fidts of t|ie fhip? then multiplying the length of the keel by the breadth fo taken, and that pro-dud by half the breadth, and dividing the whole by ninety-four, the quotient fhall be deemed the true contents of the tonuage, according to which 1 uk the tonnage of all filch flops and veffels fhall be meafured and afeertained.

VI.	And for the advancement of the butter trade of thi$

kingdom : be it further declared and enaded. That it fhall not be lawful to export better in any package whatfoever, fave in a calk or calks ; and in cafe any butter fhall be extorted, or attempted to be exported in any other package, *	fuch

107

Perfons aggrieved to proceed as hcreiu.

Rple for ad-meaftiring fhip*, &c.

Butter exported, except in calks, forfeited.

Digitized by Google

The twenty-fixth Tear of George III.

A. D. 1786.' Chap. 21.

A mailer of a Treffci may export 10 crocks of hotter.

Allvcffels, as herein, found within limits of any port, Ate. {hall be fm feit-ed with the goods on hoard, &c.

Arms allowed, as herein.

Veflel* exempted from penalty.

fitch butter, and the package or packages in which the fame fit all be contained, fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of his Majefty’s revenue.

VII.	Provided always, That it fhall and may be lawful for any mailer or commander of any fhip or veflel to export any number of earthen crocks containing butter, hot exceeding ten, each crock not to contain more than fifty-fix pounds weight of butter.

VIII.	And be it further ena&cd. That all veffcls called cutters, luggers, fhaUops, or jcvherrics, of what built foever, belonging in the whole or in part, to any of his Majefty’s fubjedts, and all veffels belonging as aforefaid of any other description, whofe bottoms are clench work, unlefs they fhall be fqimrc rigged or fitted as Hoops with Handing boltfpirits, to be fattened in fnoh manner that they cannot be removed at plcafure ; and all vefTels belonging as aforefaid, the length of which fhall be greater than in the proportion of three feet and a half to one foot in breadth, and all (hips or vcffcls, belonging as aforefaid, armed for refiftance, otherwise than as herein is excepted, which fhall, from and after the patting of this adl, be found within the limits of any port, harbour, or creek of this kingdom, or within four leagues of any part of the coatt thereof, or fhall be difeovered fo to have been, fhall be forfeited, together with the goods, if any, which fhall be laden therein, and all her guns, tackle, ammunition, and furniture.

IX.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent any fhip or veflel from having on board two carriage guns of a calibre capable of containing a ball not exceeding four pounds weight, andfmallarms not exceeding two mufkets for every ten men.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That nothing in this adl (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to any fhip or veftel on a voyage ftom any part of America, or the Eaft or Weft Indies, or Africa, or the ifland of Madeira, or the Mediterranean, fo as to fubjedl the fame to forfeiture for or on account of her built, or for having on board arms or ammunition, nor to any fhip or vtfTel in thefervice of his Majeftv's navy, victualling, ordnance, cuftoros, excife, or poll-office, for or on account of her built, or for having on board aims or ammunition, nor to any veflel whatfocyer, the owner of which fhall have a licenfe as herein deferibed and directed for navigating the fame, from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the comrr.ifiioners of the admiralty for the time being, or from the commiffioners of his Majetty’s revenue in this kingdom, or any perfon authorized by them to grant the fame, for or on account of her built,,

at

Digitized by Google

The twenty fixth Tear of George III.	109

or for having on board fuch arms or ammunition as (he (hall A. D. or may be bcenfed to have as herein mentioned, nor to any %	1786.

lighters or barges, ufed folely in r[vers or inland navigation, Chap. 21. nor to any (hips or veffels which (hall have on board any arms * V— or ammunition, which (hail have been regularly entered and cleared at any cuftom-houfe in any of his Majefly’s dominions as merchandize, or for the ufe of his Majefly’s (lores or garrifons, and are regularly flowed in the hold of fuch ▼eflels, or are put on board for the neceflary ufe and defence of fuch veflels by licenfe from the lord high admiral «>f Great Britain, or thecommiflioners of the admiralty for the time being, or by the commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue, or any perfon authorized by them to grant the fame for or on account of fuch arms and ammunition ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithfland-ing.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That no fee, . No fee for gratuity, or reward, fhall be demanded or "received for any JlccnfC5» &c-licenfe granted in purfuance, or under the authority of this

a&, or for regiftering the fame.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That the The licenfe

owner of every {hip or vpflel which (hall be licenfed as herein K^^ed to be mentioned, (hall, before fuch (hip or vefTel proceed to fea,	where-

or fails out of any port, harbour, or creek in this kingdom, ever (he arrives, bring fuch licenfe, or caufe the fame to be brought to the

cdHe&or or other proper officer of his Majefly’s revenue for the port, harbour, or creek, from which fuch (hip or veflel is about to fail, which faid colledlor or other proper officer of his Majefly's revenue, is hereby required duly to regifler the fame, and every fuch owner (hall alfo produce the fame to the colle&or or other proper officer of his Majefty’s revenue of every port, harbour, and creek at which he (hall arrive.

XIII.	And be it further enabled, That every licenfe fhall What licenfe fpecify the tonnage of fuch {hip and veffel, and deferibe fhall contain, whether fhe is a cutter, lugger, fhallop, or wherry, and of

what fort of built fhe is, and^who is or are the owner or owners thereof, and for what port, harbour, or creek fhe is about to fail, and what quantity and number, and what fort of arms and ammunition fhe is licenfed to take and have on board ; and the owner or owners of fuch fhip or veflel fhall alfo give fufficient fecurlty by bond to his Majeity, his heir3, and fucceflors in double the value of fuch fhip or veflel, to be approved of by and to the fatisfaftion of fuch colle&oj or other proper officer of his Majefty’s revenue, with condition that the fhip or v flel fhall not he employed in the importation or landing of anv tea or foreign fpirituous li* quors, or any goods now prohibited, or hereafter to be prohibited,



Digitized by

no

The twentyfxth Tear of George III.

A. D. 1786. Chap. 21.

Boat*, 8*c. with more than 6 oars forfeited,

&c.

Parses, *Vc.

which are exempt from !»■r-ieiturc.

hibited, or any other goods contrary to the true intent and meaning of this or any other a& of force in this kingdom, or hereafter to be ena&ed, or in the exportation of any* goods which are, or from time to time may be prohibited to be exported from this kingdom, or in the relanding contrary to law of any goods whatsoever which (hall be entered outwards for exportation, and (hall be entitled to any drawback or bounty thereon, or which are or may be prohibited to be ufed or worn in this kingdom, on failure whereof, or any part thereof, fuch licenfe (hall be void and of no force or effeCi, and fuch (hip or veffcl (hall be liable to feizure aod profecution in the fame manner as if no fuch licenfe had been granted.

XIV.	And whereas many frauds are committed to the prejudice*of his Majefty’s revenue* in tl>e clandeftine run-ping of goods imported, and in relanding certificate goods in this kingdom by water-men and others in boats, wherries, pinnaces, barges, and gallies, which are fometimes rowed with fix, tight, or twelve oars, built on purpofe for the fmuggling trade, and when they are purfued by officers of the revenue do make their efcape : for the preventing whereof, be it further ena&ed, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, if any boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley rowing, or made or built to row with more than fix oars, (haH he found upon the water, or in any barge-houfe, work-houfe, (bed, or other place within any port, haven, harbour, or creek in this kingdom, or within four I. agues of the coad thereof, fuch boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, with all her tackle and furniture, and the value thereof (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be iei/.ed by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue, and after the feizure and condemnation of fuch boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, the principal officers of his Majeity's reve-

'mic in the port or place where fuch boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley (hall be fo condemned, are hereby directed to caufe fuch boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley to be burnt and wholly deitroyed.

XV.	Provided always, That this a& (hall not extend, or be confirued to extend to any barge or galley in the fervice of h:s Majeity’s revenue, or to any long-boat, yaul, or pin-nice belonging to and ufed in the fervice of any merchant-(hip cr vefic1, or to fuch boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, as trail be lieenfed by the chief commifTioners of his MajtlU ’s revenue for the time being, or any three of them, or by fuch perlbn as the faid commiffioners, or any three of them (hall appoint for that purpofe ; which licenfe (hall be figtied by the faid chief commiffioners, or any three of

them.

Digitized by LjOOQle

The twenty-fixth Tear of George III.

111

Permirs hare

them, Gr by fuch perfon as they (hall fo appoint, and (hall be granted without any fee or charge what foe ver : provided that no fuch licenfe (hall be granted but upon fufficient fccu-rity to be given to his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, by the owner or owners of fuch boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, by bond in fuch penalty as the faid chief commif-fioners of his Majefty’s revenue (hail find to be reafonable, with condition that the fame (hall not be made ufe of in the running any goods whatsoever into this kingdom, or in the relanding of any goods to be (hipped in this kingdom, on debenture, which fecurity the (aid chief commufioners are hereby empowered and required to take for the ufe of his Majefly, his heirs and fucceflors.

XVI.	And whereas perfons importing cxcifeable goods, or purchaling fuch goods from merchants importers, do give been obtained certificates of having fold fuch goods, or part thereof, to on foUeccrtifi-perfons who in fa& did not buy the fame, but obtained per- ^5^ l° aits on fuch certificates in order to cover fmuggled goods :	*c>

and whereas upon information of fuch pradlices the perfons fo granting fuch certificates, have evaded forfeiture, by producing teftimony that the goods feized in their pofieflion were the fame goods which had been fairly imported, not-withftanding faid perfons gave certificates as having fold fuch goods: for remedy whereof, be it enaded, That from and after the paffing of this ad all fuch goods mentioned in fuch permits as (hall or may be granted purfuant to fuch certificates to any perfon or perfons for the carriage of any cxcifeable goods, (hall, notwithftanding fuch permit, be forfeited, unlefs fuch goods (hall have been really and bona Jide bought from the perfon granting fuch certificate, and the quantity of goods contained in fuch certificate (hall be deduced from the credit of the perfon or perfons granting fuch certificate, and all furplus or exceeding over and above fuch credit, which (hall be found in the cuftody or pofieflion of ,	.

fuch perfon or perfons fo granting fuch certificate, (hall be thereon in iu-deemed and tak' n to have been run, and (hall be forfeited as ture. cffedually to all intents and purpofes as if fuch goods had been adually run.

X\ II. And whereas it frequently happens that permits and certificates are obtained fraudulently in order to cover excifeable goods imported into this kingdom without paying the duties due and payable thereon : for remedy whereof, When gomh be it ena&ed, That if any fuch goods (hall be feized for	^

non-payment of duties, then and in fi:ch caic the proof c.f	^

the payment of the duties, or the legal importation, or legal	ihaii	be on

competition or fale or condemnation, or the place from thcownei, which fuch goods were brought, as the cafe may happen, ftcrcul*

(hall lie on the owner or claimer of fuch goods, and not on thf officer who (hall feize or flop fuch goods, notwithllaud-

ing

Digitized by

Google

- - - 1 The Hventy-fxtb Tear of George I IT.

tag that a permit fhall be produced when fuch goods are conveying from one part of this kingdom to another, or that a permit or certificate fhall be produced after the arrival of fuch goods to the place of their d eft i nation.

XVIII. And whereas the matters, or other perfon* tak* ing charge of (hips and'veflels arriving in this kingdom in order to avoid making an entry of their cargoes, and for the purpofe of obtaining time for more conveniently fmuggling the fame, do often report the whole or part of fuch cargoes not to be landed : be it therefore ena&ed, That from and after the paging of this a&, whenever any matter or other perfon taking charge of any (hip or veffel arriving at any in (h^kingdotT^ of the ports or harbours of this kingdom, (hall report to (hajl execute a the proper officer of his Majetty’s revenue, either the whole bond** herein. ^	^	the cargo of fuch (hip or veffel not to be landed

in this kingdom, it (hall be lawful for the colle&or or other chief officer of fuch port or harbour to detain fuch (hip or veffel, and fuch part of the cargo thereof as (hall be fo imported not to be landed, until fuch matter, or other perfon taking charge of fuch (hip or veffel (hall execute a bond with two furetie8 to be approved of by the colle&or, or other chief officer of the port where fuch (hip or veffel (hall 1	arrive,	to his Majefty in double the amount of the duty

payable in this kingdom on fuch cargo, or part of fuch cargo ; which bond (hall contain a condition that fuch cargo, or fuch part thereof as aforefaid, (hall not be landed in this ^ kingdom, a^d if the fame (hall be landed in this kingdom, fuch bond (hall be forfeited.

Ii fuch bond XIX. And be it further enafteJ, That Ir> caf° any fuch roof YbatYhe	(hall be put in fuit, the pro,/ ‘J.M fuch goods were

£ond* were not landed in this kingdom (hall not lie on n s Majefty, his heirs linded (hall be or fucceffors, but fuch goods fhall be taken and deemed to have landed in this kingdom, unlefs proof (hall be made* that the fame were not landed or put on fhore in any part of this kingdom.

XX.	Provided always, That no fuch bond (hall be put in fuit at any time beyond one year from Hie time of its execution, nor in cafe fuch goods (hall have been landed by licenfe from the colle&or, or other proper officer of the port where fuch report (hall have been made as aforefaid.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That wherever any (hip or veffel, whofe cargo, or any part thereof, Hi all be reported as aforefaid, (hall arrive in any other port or harbour of this kingdom, it (hall be lawful for the collector, or other proper officer of fuch port or harbour, to examine the (late of the cargo of fuch fhip or veffel, and if fuch cargo (hall not arrive with the report and invoice of the matter or other perfon as aforefaid, made to the collector or other proper

officer

nude.

Not to be put in fuit alter one year, *&c.

Veflels reported js afore-f<ud> arriving at

another port as herein, (ball be forfeited, with the cargo.

Matter? of veflels who report the cargo

Hot to hf* nrtrrl

Digitized by v^.ooQle

The twentyfixth Tear of George III.

officer of tbe port or harbour where fuch (hip or veflTel did firft arrive, every fuch (hip or veflel, together with her cargo, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer of his Majefty’g revenue, unlefs it (hall be made appear that fuch difagreement wascaufed by unavoidable neceffity ordif* treff.

XXX. And whereas by virtue of feveTal laws now of force iu this kingdom, perfons felling wine, ilrong beer or ale, and brandy, aqua vita, and other fpirits by retail, are required to take out licences for thefe purpofes refpedively, before they (hall refpc&ively fell any wine, ftrong beer or ale, or fpirits : and whereas perfons obtaining fuch licenfes* are bound to obferve certain rules and regulations with re-fpedl of their orderly conduft and behaviour during the time for which fuch licenfes (hall be granted: and whereas not-withftanding the laws now erf force to prevent improper perfons from obtaining fuch licenfes, fev^ral perfons keeping disorderly houfes have obtained licenfes : therefore be it enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful for the comraiflionera of his Majefty’s revenue to refufe to grant any licenfe for felling by retail wine, ftrong beer or ale, or fpirits, or any of them, to any perfou or perfons they (hall judge, to be improper perfons to be licenfed ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid comroiffiooers, or any three or more of them, by'notice to be publifhed in the Dublin Gazette, to determine and make void all or any licenfes which have been or (hall have been granted to any perfon or perfons whom they (hall think improper to be licenfed ; and if any perfon whofe licenfe (hall be fo determined and made void, (hall after feven days from the time when fuch notice (hall have been left at the place of abode of fuch perfon, fell by retail any of the liquors aforefaid, in refpedk whereof, the licenfe or licenfes (hall have been fo determined or made void, every perfon fo felling, (hall be fubje& and liable to the like penalties and forfeitures as are infli&ed for felling fuch liquors, if no licenfe had been granted.

X \XI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid,That no perfon whatfoever, keeping a publick brewery of ale or beer for fale, (hall a& as a fa&or in the fale of homemade fpirits, or (hall receive or have in his pofleflion for (ale, or (hall fell, or otherwife deal in fuch fpirits; and if any fuch brewer or brewers (hall offend in all or any of the matters aforefaid, he, (he, or they (hall refpe&ively forfeit for every fuch offence, the fum of twenty pounds, and that all fuch home-made fpirits as (hall be carried or conveyed from any one place to any other place, or any dray or other carriage belonging to any brewer, (hall be forfeited and feized.

Vol. VIII-	H	XXXII.	And

CommiffiaD-ers to refufe li-cenfe* to improper perfon*, fire.

Publick brewers nor to a£ is fa&ors of homemade fpirits,

&c.

Digitized by L^ooQle

xl4

Licenfe* to be granted for ft tils ae heicio.

Perfons felling	on	a

Sunday, except as herein, forfeit jl.

OiTcm e> fried by a juftice of

peace.

Where lion r.-*, Sec are for Tcircxl, the rat^% &x. are aWu forfeited.

Recital of the agriculture a&.

Tki twtnij-ft&b Tur of George III.

XXXIL And be it farther enacted* That the chief carom HEo net* of his Majetty’s reveuue may, untd the twenty-fcurth day of Jane, one thoufand feven hundred and cirhty-feren* grunt licenfes for keeping any ittll or ftflls, which (hall be of aoontcut not lets than two hundred gallons each; any thing in any former ad to the contrary notwith-flanding.

XXXIII. And whereas the great number of honfes in which fpi'rituous liquor6 are retailed* tends very much to the exedfive and pernicious ufe thereof* particularly on Sundays : be it ena&ed. That firom and after the palling of this ,ad, it (hatt not be lawful to fell by retail* any brandy* rum, whilky* or other fpirits whatsoever on a Sunday, either plain or mixed with water, or any other liquor whatfoever, nor to keep open any houfe* (hop, room, or other {dace for the adraifiioa of perfons to buy any fuch fpirits by retail as aforefaid* nor to deliver to any perfon whatfoever within any houfe, (hop, room, or other place where fpirits may now by law be fold by retail (fuch houfc6 or places, and the owners of which are licenfed to fall wine excepted) any fuch fpxrit as aforefaid * for auy valuable conlidtTation* whether the fame (kail be paid upon the delivery thereof or (hall be payable at any future time, nor to take ahy fuch fpirits as aforefaid, out of any fuch bn ufe * /hop* room, or other place as aforefaid, for the pnrpofaof delivering the fame to any perfon whatfoever, 'lor ally valuable confidmtion as aforefaid; and that every perfon who (hall from and after the palling of this ad, pre-fume fo to chi, (hall for every fuch offence, lofc and forfeit the fum of five pounds.

XXXIV’. And for the better execution of this ad: be it enacted* That every fuch offence may be tried, heard, and determined before any juftice of the peace for the county of the city or county of Dublin, as well as before the ccm-miflxuner* or fab-commiffioiiers of excife, and that every fuch juftice m?.y conrid any perfon of fuch offence as aforefaid, upon 14 is own view* as well as upon the Oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnclfcs.

XXXV. And be it further cnided, That in all cafes where by any law any beer, ale, TmalL beer, or other liquor* or any other goods or'commoditirs whatfoever are fub-jed and liable to forfeiture, ail the calks* cafes, and veffela, and ail and every package and covering whatfoever in which the lame fhall be found, (hall alfo be forfeited and confif-cated.

XXXIX. And whereas by an a& made in this kingdom in. the tweaty-iifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, eu-t it ltd. An ad to explain and emend fever al lams mom in force for the encouragement of agriculture, it is among other- things cnaded* That if any merchant or merchants* or other

dealers

Digitized by v^ooQle

The iwntyjlxtb Yckr if George Ilf.

dealers lieenftd as therein mentioned, (hall pufehafe by Cdifi-ihiffion o* otherwife, any quantity of found* clean, wdl-faved, and merchantable corn, wheat, rye, media, barley, be re, oats or oatmeal, in any publick market or other place where corn is ufually bought or fold in this kingdom, and (hall bring, or caufe the tame to be brought to the city bf Dublin, by land carnage, canal, or inland navigation, or both, and (hall fell, or caufe the fame to be fold in the faid city of Dublin, or exported from thence, upon performing the rdjuifites required by the laws then in force to be dofic ind performed by the perfonsthen bringing flour to the city bf Dublin by land or inland navigation, to entitle them to the payment of the premiums or bounties by law given them, or fo much of fueh rcqmiites as the -cafe may require, fubftitutirtg the market or plaee as aforefaid, wheto the corn, grain, or oatmeal was bought for the mill where the flonr was ground, and changing fueh other words aifel phra&U in the fohn of tht affidavit, to reconcile the difference between cord and flour, a9 may be deemed nCceffary bv the comtoiflhrncrs of his Majefly’s revenue, or any thrfce of them, fuch merchant or’ merchants; dealer or dealers, fhall receive the fame bounties on fueh corn, wheat, rye, media, barley, oats or oatmeal from the market town, or other place where the fame was purchafed, as any perfbn Or perfons would if he, (he, or they had brought the tame to the (aid city of Dublin from the lands "ft which the fame grew or was made: and whereas fsficient provifion has not been made by the faid lad recited act to prevent fraud in obtaining the faid bounty : be it therefore enaded, That ho bounty (hall be paid under the faid ad unlefs it fhtll appear by affidavit that the whole quantity of fuch corn, wheat, rye,

. meflfn, barley, here, oats or oatmeal for which fuch bounty (hall be claimed was fold in bulk in the marker or other plaoe as aforefaid, and not by (ample, or elfe, that if the fame (halLbe fold by fample, that‘the whole of fuch corn, wheat, rye, meftin, badey, here, oats, ot oatmeal was adually brought from the market town or other place as hforefaid, in which the fame (hall be fold, or from fome place or (tore within half an Iriih mile of the market or other place as aforefaid where the fame was fold, and that the commiflioners bf bis Majcfty’s revenue may and (hall form the affidavit accordingly

XL*. And be it further cnaded, That no fuch coni, wheat, rye, meflin, barley, here, oats, or oatmeal (hall be entitled to bounty nhlefs the fame (hnll have been weighed at fomc h****0' crane eroded or to be eroded by the chief commillionera Ot his Maje&y’s cufloms or excife, or any throe of them, pur-, fuaut to an ad of parliament made in this kingdom in th£

H 2	twenty*

Nobosofy

Hull be paid unicU a* herein.

Such comy&e. nmdbevVeigjtud

Digitized by v^ooQle

grund c.<nal may l*c fold at thr canal harbour.

Thertovtnlyftxih Year of GeoVge TIT.

iwenty-firft. and tw'*nty-fccood years of his Majeftj’r frig*, entitled, An aft for the better regulating the corn trade of this kingdom* «K>r unlefs the craoer’s note fpecifying the ^eights of fuch com and oatmeal lhall be produced as in the faid lad ^ mentioned a& is required concerning the corn, meal, or '• malt entitled to bounty under the regulations therein men-, tionrd

XU. Whereas the owners of the feveral commodities - brought by the grand canal to the city of Dublin have been put to very conliderable and unneceffary expence by being obliged to convey fuch commodities to the feveral mark-„ ets in the faid city appointed for the fale thereof, whereby . the advantages of water-carriage are greatly*diminiflied, snd Commodities* the prices of fuch commodities arc enercafed : be it there-l-rnu^lit by -fore enaeded by the. authority aforefaJd, That all ccmmodi-. ties whatever brought by the faid grand canal to the faid .jf ity may he fold upon the bank or quay of the faid canal,

. near J^mesVllrect, commonly called the Canal Harbour, and that the faid bank or quay (hall be deemed a legal market for the fame* any law, cuftom,* franchife, or ufegc whatever to the contrary not wit branding ; and that all com, meal, (lour,, and malt fold on tbeiaid bank or quay (hall be entitled to receive filch bounty as the fame are or may be hereafter entitled to receive in like manner and under the fame rcllri&ions and regulations as if the fame were fold in the publish market in Thomas-11 reet, or any of the other mar-: kets in the city of Dublin.

XLII. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That the owners or factors of all fuch commodities fold at tl»e aforebrid bank or quay, (hah make returns of the fame to the proper officers, in like manner as they are now required to do, and lhall be fubjeft to the fame regulations and re(tri£l:ons as the owners of all fuch commodities, fold in any of the other markets of the faid city, arc now liable to.

XLII I. And be it enacled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall not be lawful to fell any corn, meal,' malt, or dour on the faid bank or quay, fave only on Tuefdoysor Fridays, or fuch other days as the lord mayor of the city of Dublin lhall appoint, not being lefsthan two in every week, on which days the clerk of the markets of the faid city is hereby required to at tend the fale of corn on the faid banks, by himfelf or his deputy.

XLIV. And whereas the corporation of the city of Cork, for many years pad, claimed to be entitled to ail fums levied on recognizances, forfeited within the county of the laid city, which claim now appears to have been well founded : and whereat the recovery of the faid fums from 5

diilant

, KcMtrtv be matte aSfJbuuin.

Corn. *c. to he fold rhere 2 day-in each wetk.

4 Reco^nr-zsnees forf^red in co. of city of CotJc. tl»;dl 'C c 'counted for as herein.

Digitized by

Google

The twentyflxth Tear of George l'IT.	i	i	7

diftant period would be found difficult, if not impraftfcaHle:	A.'	J>.

be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid 1786. jecognizances fo forfeited as aforefaid, (hall be accounted Chap. 21/ for from the twenty-ninth day of September, one thou-fand fieyen hundred and eighty four, and from no earlier period *

XLV. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Fine**, &c. faid. That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures, how recovers-inflifted by this aft, or by the Teveral a“s of Parliament hereby continued, or by any of them, other than, and except fuch as by this aft* or by any of the faid afts of Parliament fo hereby continued, are otherwise provided for,

(hall and may be fufed for, recovered, levied, and applied in filth manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and authorities as are preferibed, directed, * and appointed, in and by an aft of Parliament made in the v fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fecond, entitled, An a 3 for the fettling of the cxcife% or new iinpoji upon his Mo)ejly% his heirs and fucoejfors, accord-	%

ing to the book of rales therein injerted, as fully and tffcftually to all intents, conflruftions and purpofes, as if the fame * were particularly mentioned, and expreffed^ and r«*enafted in the body of this prefect aft, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who fhall think him, her, or themfeives aggrieved or injured as in and by the, faid aft is provided.	»

XLVI. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-' 2$ O 3. c faid, That an aft made in the twenty-fifth year of his Ma- 34, and the jelly's reign, entitled, An ad for continuing- and amending fc- continued rhuc-•veral laws relating to his Majejly's revenue, and for the more ^ hereinT ejfe tin ally preventing of frauds therein,” and aU and lingular the afts thereby continued, and all and every dailies in the faid ads refptftively contained, except fuch parts thereof as are altered, repealed, or amended by this prefent aft, or by’ any of the faid afts fo continued, together with this aft, lhall continue and be in force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eigbty-feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament, and no longer.

XLVII. Whereas by an aft made and palled in this king- Rectal cf dom in the twenty-third and t wenty-fourth years of his pre- ^ *4 G 3 c-lent M ijdly's reign, entitled, An aQ for vejling the lands of Knockroe^ &!c. Knock roe, did other lands in the county of Uraterferd, in hir Maf y his heirs and fuccejjon, to the ufes therein exprejfedy andJtr other purpofes, it is amongll other things enafted,

That the lands of Knockroe and PafTage, and the ether lands therein mentioned, fituate in the baroay^of Galtire in the county of Waterford, or the county of the city of

Watc.fi. d,

Waterford, Humid be, and thereby wfr< veiled and adjudged!

to be vetted in his Majefty, his heirs and fttcctlfcrs, freed and difeharged from the ufea ip faid a61 mentioned, and from all life* whatfbever, theretofore limited by the fpmal ads therein recited, or any of them, or otherwise; and whereas by the faid ad it is further enaded, That it (hould and might be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs or fycceflbrs* to grant the faid lands, or any part or pared of the lame* to any body or bodies politick or corporate, then being, of thereafter to \x created, or to any perfon or perfoos in his or th^ir politick capacity, for fuch eftates on fuch conditions, and fubjed to fuch limitations and reftridionsas his Majefty, his heirs and fuccettors fhould by letter,* patent limit and appoint, of and concerning the Came: and whereas the power in the faid recited ad, limiting his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, to gTaot the faid lands to body or bodies politick aqd corporate only, has not anfwered the purpofqs thereby intended: for remedy whereof, be it enaded. That fron* and after the pafhng of this ad, it fhall and may be lawful |o any per ion». to and for his Majefty, his heirs or fucccflbrs to grant the faid lands, or any part or parcel of the fame, %o any, pqrfon of perfops whatsoever, for fuch eftates, on fpeh con* ditions and fubjed to fuch rents, reservations, limitations, and reftridions, as his Majefty, his heirs and focejeffors fhajl by letters patent limit and appoint, of and concerning the fame, and that all fuch eftates, limitations, reftridions, and conditions, (hall be, and (hall be adjudged to be good and fufficiept in. law, according to the intent and meaning of fuch letters patent, as fully as if the fajne were herein particularly fet forth, any law, ftatute, or u&ge to the contrary in s^ny wife notwithftandjng.

Said lands may be granted

CHAP.



The twenty Jin; h Year. of George III.	J19

A. 1).

' X7§5.

C H A P. XXIV.,	^

An AJI-/br the better. Execution of the Ltrw within the City ef Dublin, and certain Parts adjacent tUreto ; end for quiefr itrg and protesting PoJfiJjions within this Kingdoms $ Jar tbi more expeditions Tnxnfortaiion of Felons \ /or reviving t . cont/nuing, and amt tiding certain Statutes therein mcnticntd; and far repealing an .HQ paffed in tint Seventeenth and Eigb* ttenth Ytars of -tht Feign of fhs prefint Majtflyr entitled*

Aa A& for improving the Police of the Cjy of Dublin.

LXIV. A ND whereas great outrage^ are daily commit Xi ted in many parts of this kingdom by def-perate perfons who a(Temble in great numbers, and ftrcggly armed, forcibly tyid without ^ny title, take and withnold the pofieflion of houfesand Lands, and qpppfe the execution of proccfs of the law for giving pr quieting fuch pofleflion, in defiance of the civil power: for remedy wherepf, be jft Perfons who cna&ed by the authority afbrefaid, That if apy perfon or forcibly keep persons Ihall after the paffing of this ?&, forcibly and with- fieSiiT dcelB^ out due procefs of law take the pofTtffion of any h©ufe, land* or tenement, and forcibly and without due authority by law, hold fuch pofieflion taken by force, or^fhall for**

$ibly oppofe or refill the execution of any prpeefs of the law for giving or quieting the pplteflipn of apy houfe, land, pr tenement, every perfon fp offending, bgiqg thereof lawfully convicted (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, apd be transported to Come of his Majefty’s plantations or fettlcmeots in America, or to fome other place or places not in Europe^

^nd the court before whom futch perfon or perfpns fhall be brought, fhall have power and authority to ord^r fuch offenders to be tranfported for the term of feveu years in like manner as other felons are diredted to he transported by the laws of this realm.

LXV. And be it enabled. That from and after the paf- Whrn per-fiag of this a61, if any perfon or perfons fhall be prefented cT*thc indid-qt indi&ed by Jtlie grand jury at any dflizcs or general ment n.all be quarter feOions of the peace in this kingdom for having rrurnedtothe committed any fuch offence as aforefaid, fuch preferment cler^ ?S or indifinbent (hall forthwith be returned tp the clerk of the	*

cpuncil by the clerk of the crown or clerk of the peace *e-fpedively adling at fuch afiizes or general quarter-fefiions, and the pcrfpn or perfops named in fuch preferments or in-dj&ments, fhall by proclamation by the lprd lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors^ and council of this king-dofn for $he time being, ordered to furrender himfelf or

themfelves |

Digitized by

A. T).

1786. Chap. 24.

Such perfon* ft* 11 be tranj-p 01 ted.

The twenty fixth Tear of George III.

themfelves; and in cafe fuch perlon or perfons fo prefented orindi&ed and proclaimed, do not within the time limited by fuch proclamation, furrender himfelf or themfelves to fome one or more of the juftices of the peace of the county, county of the city or town where fuch preferment or in-di&ment (hall be made, he or they fo prefented or iadi&ed and proclaimed, (hall from thenceforth be deemed couviCt of felony, and tranfpoTted as in cafes of felony, and the court before whom fuch perfon or perfons (hall be brought, (hall have power and authority to order fuch offenders to be tram-ported for tbe^erm of (even years, in like manner as other felons are directed to be tranfported by the laws and ftatutes of this realm ; and all and every perfon and perfons who (hall knowingly conceal, aid, abet, or fuccour fuch perfon and perfons fo prefented or indidfed, and proclaimed, from andifter the time they were fo prefented or indicted, aud proclaimed, (hall be guilty of felony, and fhall be tranfported for the fpace of feven years,, in like manner as other felons may be tranfported by virtue of any law now in being for that purpofe.

LXVI. And be it alto further eoadled, *That the printed proclamation wherein fuch perfon and perfons are named or mentioned to be prefented or indidled by the grand jury of any county, county of any city or town in this kingdom, at the general affixes or quarter feffions, to be guilty of the offences aforefaid, (hall be taken, deemed, and adjudged fufficient evidence againft fuch perfon and perfons; and that the juftices of oyer^nd terminer, and general gaol delivery, the feveral judges of aflize, and juftices at feffions before whom any perfon or perfons convicted of any crime or crimes Fpr which the perfon or perfons convi&ed is or a re, or (hall be liable to -tranfportation, (hall and may order that fuck perfon or perfons be tranfported, either to any of his Ma-jefty’s plantations or fettlcments in America, or to fuch other place or places not in Europe, as fuch judges or juftices lpeCtivcly (hall order and direCt; any law, llatute, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXVII. And whereas the laws in being are not fufficient to provide for the fpeedy tfcsnfportation of feloris under fentence, rule, or order of tranfportation, and from the difficulty of procuring (hip* and vcfTtls trading to his Majef-ty’s plantations to convey fuch felons thereto, the feveral counties in which ftfch felon* have been convi&ed and con-fined, have been at cdnfiderable expence in the fupport and maintenance of fuch felons during their confinement, and in the tranfmiffion of fuch perfons to the fea-ports from which they have been tranfported, and in contracting for their tranfportation: therefore be it ena&ed, That the *	clerk*

Digitized by Google

The twenty-Jixth Tear of George 111.

clerks of the crown, and clerks of the peace in the feveml counties in thi3 kingdom, (hall make out and fign certificates of the names of every perfon remaining in the gaol or gaols of the feveral counties under any rule, fentence, or order of tranfportation, made by the judges prefiding refpe&ively in the courts wherein fuefi clerks of the crown or peace re-fpe&ivcly officiated, fpecifying therein the particular offences for which fuck perfons were refpe^fiyely ordered to be tranfported; which certificates (hall within thirty days after the lad day of every aifizes or gaol delivery, or qsarter-feflions relpe&ively, as the cafe may happen, be trenTuiitted by the feveral clerks of the crown, and clerks of the peace refpectively, to the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being.

LX\ 111. And be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors asaforefaid, from time to time, as often as it (hall feetr. expedient, by warrant under his or their hand of hands, to require any (heriff or (heriffs having the cuftody of any perfon or perfons lender (entente, rule, or order of tranfportation, to tranfnait fuch perfon or perfons to fuch port-town within this kingdom, as (hall be expreffed in fuch warrant, in order that fuqh perfon may be tranfported ; and every fuch (heriff is hereby required to obey fuch warrant, and the (heriff or (heriffs of ihe county, cdunty of a city, or county of a town, within which fuch port-towu (hall be, (hall receive fuch perfon or perfons, and commit him, her, or them to gaol, there to be kept and maintaimrd in fuch manner as convift felons arc kept and maintained, until they (hall be tranfported ; and every (heriff receiving filch perfon or perfons, (hall give a receipt under his hand, for every of them, to the (heriff or (heriffs from whom they (hall be refpe&ively received.

LMX. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors as aforefaid, at fuch time and times as he or they (hall think neceffary, not exceeding four times in any one year, to caufe a (hip or veffel to be contra&ed for, or engaged for the tranfportation of perfons under fentence, rule, or order of tranfportation ; and fuch perfon or perfons as fhall from time to time be appointed by the lord lieutenant,, or other chief governor or governors as aforefaid, for that purpofe, (hall contrail with the mailers or owners of fuch (hips or veflcls for the tranfportation to, and landing of fuch perfon or perfons under fentence, rule, or order of transportation in fbme of his Maiefty’s plantations in America, or to fuch other place out of Europe, as (hall be expreffed In fuch fentence, rule, or order ; and eveiy perfon w ho (hall

undertake

hi

Certificates of per lon» under truDlportanoii, &c.

Chief governor, to order (heriff. to tranfv mil iuch pci ions to apoi t town, ad hetcin.

C hief gover-nvr to order a (hip to he contrived lor, forS tianfporting felons, &.C. as herein.

Digitized by Google

The twenty-Jixth Ttar of Gebrge IIL.

A. D. undertake to tranfport and convey fuch felons and vagabond** 1786.	(hall, with two fuflicieht fu re tics, enter into fuch bond or

Chap. 24.	recognizance as is now required by law on fuch undertaking-

C—■or contract.

Ex pence* paid	LXX. And be it further dialed, That aH fuch expenees

oat of txtafui y. as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors as aforefaid, fhall judge to be necefiary for thetranfmiffion of fuch priToners to the port or ports to which they fhall be fo tranfriitted, and in their fupport and maintenance there, and all fuch expenees as he or they (ball judge to be neoeflary in providing {hips or vefleta for the tranfportingof fuch prL-Toners and other neceffary expenees incident thereto, (hall be defrayed by warrant ©f the lord lieutenant, or chief governor or ^ovprnors for the time being, to the proper officer of his Majefty’s treafury in this kingdom.

Former laws LX XI. And be it further ena&ed, That every clattfe In repealed.	3ny ad heretofore patted, relating to the tranfmiffton of per-

fons under any fentence, rule, or order of tranfportation, or to the corttra&ing for fuch tranfportation, or to prefeutittg money to defray the expenees thereof be, and the Dune U hereby repealed.

15 5e r6 G. 3. LXXII. And be it further ena&ed, That an ad patted c at. continued* fo the fifteenth and Sixteenth years of the reign of his (aid for 7 years. Jlajefty, entitled, An a8 to prevent and pmifh (mnadtuaur rjfings of ferfons within this kingdom, and for other ptrpofes therein mentioned, be, and the fame is hereby reWved and continued for the term of. feven years from the twenty-fifth day* of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, and from thence to the end of the then next feifion of Parliament.

Grand juries ©» vrefent a* beren.

Taws for

cuaritjivt

**rr ndtd to jc^icc* ef fute

17 * f%G. 3. repealed.

LXXHI. And for the difeovering, apprehending, and convi&ing of perfons guilty of the offences in the faid left recited ait mentioned: be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the grand jury of any county where fuch offenders fhall be profecuted to convidion, to prefent any fum of money not exceeding the Turn of twenty pounds at any affixes, to be levied on fuch eonnty, or on any parifh or. barony in fuch county, as fuch grand jury fhall think proper, and to be paid to any profecutor or proTecutofs of fuch offenders, and that it fhall be lawful for the judge, flf he (hall think proper, to fiat the fame.

LX’ IV. And be it ena&ed, That the feveralJaws m tbit? kingdom for railing the pofe ctmdtatur^ (hall lie extended as well to juftices of tbe peace, as fheriffs, in all cafos of dangerous riots and outrageous violations of the publkrk peace,, by multitudes of people either by night or day.

LX XV. And be it further waded. That an ad patted in the feventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of hispre-

feut

Digitized by Google

The twentyfixib Tear of George III.	11 $

ftnt Majefty, entitled, jIn ad for improving the pollee of .the A. D. city of Dublin, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.	1786.

hXXVI. And be it further enabled, That this fhallbe deemed and taken to be a publick adl, and fhall be taken no- A. fmblickaA rice of as fuch by all judges and juftices, and other perfonr whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the lame.

q h a p. xxm

vf / jfd for amending and carrying more ef, dually into Force Amended* /he JiveKol Laws now in being for regulating the Pubiuk c> ^^39 Gaols an4 Prifons throughout ibis Kingdom.

WtfEHEAS the federal laws which have heretofore been qnaded for the regulation of the publick gaols and prifons throughout this kingdom, have not been duly executed, and, moreover Hand much in need of amendment to render the fame a competent and equal provision for the fubjeft matter thereof: and whereas it will tend much to the effe^lqal execution of the faid laws, that fit and able perfoos bq appointed to fee that the fame be duly enforced: fie k thqre&i? caa&cd by the King’s moll excellent {da-jefty, by wl with, the advice a»d con&nt of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and qommcea in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and Grand jurue% after the paffiqgof this a ft, it fhalland.may be lawful for except ef Dub -the grand jury of every county, county of a city, and |in* to appoint county q£ a town in Ireland* the grand jtiiy of the county qf the city of Dublin alpne excepted, at • the (pring and furomcr affixes in every yea?* and at each Eafter and Michaelmas terrain the county of Dublin, to appoint the cksgyman, who diflributeq, or directs the diftribution of the county allowance of bread to the prifoners confined in the gaol of fuch county, county of a city or town, or if they /hall think proper, a furgeoq, phyfician, or apothecary, re-ftdei^in the town where fuch gaol is fituated, to bejnfpt&or of fuch gaol, and a}fo of any bridewell, or houfe of corroo tign, within fuch county, county of a city or .town, and that fuch iofpeftor; fhall be required to obferve the feveral re* eulationa herein after mentioned* and to fee the fame carried, fully into effefl.

IX Provided alway s. That in making fuch appointment The clergy the clergyman who diflributes the bread to the prifoners as man *° havc the zfbrefaid, flv*H be the firfi object with the grand jury in their choice, if fuch clergyman will accept fuch appointment, and that there does not appear to fuch grand jury any ju& or reasonable obje&ion to fuch clergyman : and provided

alfo,

Digitized by

Google

aol. per ann. to each mfpcc-tor.

An infpe&or ©f the gaol% ut of Dublin to be appointed

To he approv. ed of a* herein

The tuuentyfixh Tmr of George III.

alfo, that in cafe of refufal on the part of fuch clergyman as aforefaid, and alfo of fuch furgeon ot phyfician as afore-laid, to accept the office of infpe&or, or if it (hall appear upon fufficient evidence to fuch giand juries as aforefaid, that the clergyman, phyfician, or furgeon aforefaid, after having accepted the faid office, (hall at any time neglect to execute or fulfil the duties thereof, it (hall and may be lawful for the grand juries aforefaid, to appoint any ether fit and difereet perfon refiding within one mile of fuch gaol, to be infpe&or thereof as aforefaid.

III.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for fuch grand juries at the fpring and fummer affizes of every year, and at each Eafter and Michaelmas term, in the county of Dublin, after fuch appointment, to preferit a fum not exceeding ten pounds ftcr-ling, to be paid to fuch infpe&or appointed as aforefaid, as a recompence for the care and attendance necefTary in the execution of the feveral duties of fuch office; provided it /hall appear to them that fuch infpedor ha3 duly and regularly executed the feveral duties herein after required, which fum or fums the faid iufpe&or (hall be entitled to receive, exchifive of any other (alary or allowance which may be granted to him as clergyman, for delivering out bread to the prifoners, or as phyfician, furgeon, or medical afliftant, for vifiting and attending the prifoners confined ift the gaol of fuch county, county of a city or town.

IV.	And whereas the great number of pCrfons confined in the different gaols, in the marfhalfeas, in bridewells, honfes of correction, fpunging-houfes, and other prifons in the county of the city of Dublin, and the liberties thereunto adjoining, renders it necefTary that a peculiar degree of attention fhould be paid within the City and liberties aforefaid,' to the due execution of the feveral laws now in being, for the regulation and management of prifons, and fbr the pre-fervation of the health of the prifoners confined therein: be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, TJwtit fhal! and may be lawful for fhe term grand jury of the Runty of the city of Dublin at every Eafter terrh to appoint a proper perfon to be mfpcCfor of all gaols, marfhalfeas, honfes of correction, fpnnging houfes, and other prifons within the faid city, and the liberties thereunto adjoining.

V.	Provided always*, That the infpe&or fo appointed (hali : e approved of by his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, and that the faid infpeCtor be required to fulfil the feveral duties herein after directed to be performed by the infpe&ors in the other parts of this kingdom, fave only, that inltead of delivering his report of the ftate of the prifons of the city of Dublin, to the infpector genera!, to be laid before

parliament^

Digitized by

Gc ^Ie

The twenty-firth Tear of George III.

parliament, he fhall deliver the fame in perfon at the bar of both houfes of parliament, on the firft day of every feffion, and lhall likewife report to the court of king's bench, the itate of the feveral places of confinement under his infpec-tion twice every year, videlicet, on the firft days of every Eafte'r and Michaelmas term. '

VI.	And he it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for the term grand jury of the to fuch kifpc** county of the city of Dublin, at every Eafter term after tor* fuch appointment, to prefent a fum not exceeding one hundred pounds per annum, to be paid to the infpe£tor appointed as aforefaid, as a recompence for the care and attendance neceflary in the due execution of the feveral duties of his office ; provided that it fhall appear to them that the faid infpedor has duly and regularly executed the feveral duties required by this ad.

. VII. And whereas the infpedorfliip of theprifonsof the county of the city of Dublin, and the liberties thereunto adjoining, will be particularly laborious, and in many re-fpeds very inconvenient to the perfon appointed thereto, notwithflanding which trouble and inconvenience fome per-fons of public fpirit, and liberal fortunes, may be induced to undertake the fame from time to time for the general good, and without the profped of any falarv, or other emolument whatfoever: be it enaded by the authority afore-	a ^ f4|B #f

faid, That in cafe any perfon fo circUmftanced, fhall at any publick fpirit, time be appointed infpedor of the prifons of the county of &c. ftould un-the city of Dublin, and of the liberties thereunto adjoin- <^ta^c ing, and fhall on fuch appointment declare to the term without any ^ grand jury aforefaid, and to his Majefty’s court of king's emolument, he bench, his refolution not to demand or accept any falary or may appoint* compensation whatfoever for his perfonal labour, expence or	“

lofs of tima in the execution of the faid office, that in fuch * cafe it may be lawful for fuch infpedor of prifops of the county of the city of Dublin, to nominate and appoint under his hand and feal, a proper perfon to be approved of by the faid teim grand jury, and likewife by his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, as his deputy and affiftant in the execution of his faid office, for whom in luch cafe a yearly falary of fixty pounds (hall and may be prefented by the grand jury of the county of the city of Dublin, at thp fame time, and in the fame manner a9 the falary already mentioned is prefenta-ble by tiiis j^d, in favour of the faid infpedor, if he (hould demand or\ apply for the fame, and all duties and obligations, cr any part of them, which are herein enjoined, and required to be performed by the infpedor of prifons for the county of the city of Dublin, and liberties thereunto adjoining, may from time to titne be lawfully performed by the

deputy

I25

A. D.

1786. Chap. 27.

lool.pcr ana.

Digitized by Google

The twenty fix tb Tear of George III*

The cbanliin, Arc. of file t;e.v prifon ro act a* Xu",hr© rh? h u:ft ©X tonedk-.i.

Grand jury to

deputy of (aid iafpe&ot appointed as afore&id, and all duties and obligations touching the faid o(Ece,\whlch (hall or may be performed by faid deputy, fhall be conhiered as the ad and deed of the faid infpedor of prifons ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it Further enaded, That the chaplain or ordinary of the nevy prifon in the city of Dublin, (hall likewife be chaplain and ordinary to the houfe of corre&ioo in the faid city commonly called Bridewell, and that lie {hall read prayers in both prifons on every Sunday in the year j that he (hall take care to iniped the bread provided for the prifoners in each prifon, and fee that it is of a good and wholcfome quality, and of a fufficient weight; and that he (hall likewife vilk each of the faid prifons, twice at lead in every week, excluiive of his attendance on Sunday?, and that at fuch vifits he (hall go into every room and cell in the prifons wherein any prifoner {hall be confined, coaverfe with, and exhort luch of the prifoners as are willing to liilen to his admonitions, and that the faid ordinary (nail attend every maiefador who may defire his affiftance previous to, and at the time of hia execution, in order to admi-niiler to fuch prifoner or prifoners the fun&ion* of his holy office.

IX.	And whereas the duties of fuch chaplain or ordinary il‘ap" of faid New prifon and of Bridewell in the city of Dublin

aforefaid, as herein dire&ed, are of a laborious and painful nature, and require a conftant attendance: be it therefore ena&ed. That it fhall and may be lawful for the term grand jury of the county of the city of Dublin, at E illerUn.i in every year, to appoint a proper and diicrcvt perfo;., bting tirft duly ordained in holy orders, and of the eltabliftied ehufch, to be chaplain or ordinary of the faid Newpr fon, and alfo of the Bridewell or houfe of ccrrc&ion of the faid city : provided always. That the perfon fo appointed (hall be approved of by his Majclly’s court of king’s bench

X.	And be it further enaded, That it (halt and may be lawful for the grand jury of the county of the city of Dublin at Eafter term in every year after fuch appointment, to prefent a fum not exceeding lixty pounds flerling, as a rccompence to the faid ordinary; piovidcd it fhall fully appear to them that the faid chaplain or ordinary has duly and regularly executed the fcveral duties required of him by this aft.

XL And whereas it is equally correfpor.dcr.t with the feelings of humanity, and requifite to the well being and fafety of the community at large, that particular attention (hould be paid to the health uJf all periens confined in the 5	fcveral

Salary.

Digitized by

Tjbe twcnty-Jixth Tear of George III.

feveral prifons of this metropolis j be it therefore ena&e5 by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the term grand jury of the county of the city of Dublin, at every Eailer term, to appoint a regularly bred phyfician to _	^

the office of phyfician to the gaols, houfes of corre&ion, Grand jury ' marfhall'cas, and other public prifons within the county of to appoint a the city aforefaid, and the liberties thereunto adjoining, fave j^hirchi* and except hisMajefty's gaol of Newgate, during the continuance iu office of the prefect infpedor and phyfician of the faid gaplof Newgate.

XII.	Provided always, That the phyfician fo appointed, fhall be approvrd of by his Majefly's court of king's bench.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the laid phy- Duty of phyfician (hall, and he is hereby required to vifit every gaol ficiau.

and houfe of corre&iqn, marfhalfea, and other public pri-fou within the faid city and the liberties thereunto adjoining, except as before excepted, twice at lead in every week, and oftener if nece/Tary, and to prescribe for all prifoners confined therein, fuch medicines and fuftenance as may ap- „ pear to him conducive to their recovery.

XIV.	'.nd whereas fuch medical attendance will necefTa- Salary, rily be very laborious and painful: be it therefore enafted.

That it fhall and may be lawful for the term grand jury afore-laid# at every Ealler and Michaelmas term in each year after fuch appointment, to prefent a fum not exceeding fifty pounds fterllng, at each of the faid terms, as a recompence for fuch attendance.

XV.	Provided always, That it (hall not be lawful for the Certificate of grand jury aforefaid, to make fuch preferments, unlefs faid the infpcaor to phyfician (hall have firft produced a certificate figned by the l>ro<iuc€4i-infpeefor of the prifons of the county of the city aforefaid,

for the time being, fetting forth that the faid phyfician has duly fulfilled the feveral duties required by this a&, and the faid inipe&or of the prifons, is hereby required to grant the faid certificate, unlefs he (hall be able to make it appear by affidavit to hisMajefty's court of kingVi bench, that the phyfician aforefaid has negle&cd the duties of his office as herein dire&ed, in which cafe the faid infpe&or is hereby required to refufe the faid certificate, and to aflign his reafons accordingly.

XVI.	And be it further ena<$ed, That the faid phyfician Phyfician to (hall once in every week make a regular return of the (late makc returns, of health of the feveral prifons under his care to the infpec-

tor of f*;i l prifons, and (hall diftincfly fpeclfy therein the names of the feveral perfons fiek in faid prifons, and their difeafes.

XVII.	And whereas the preferiptions of the phyficians An anorheta-afotefaid, mud be necefTarily prepared by an apothecary : ry to lie ap.

ke jointed.

I27

A. D.

>786-

Chap. 27.



f x The twentyflxtb Tear of George til.

T^e amount of the arrthe-cary\ bill to

be prefeuud as herein.

Apothrc <ry ro at'end the' iof»»>-ctor and j»ny(icrm of Newgate, CScc.

be It therefore enabled. That it (hall and may be lawful for the term grand jury aforefaid, at every Eafttr term after the palling of this a£l, to appoint an apothecary to the prifon* of the epunty of the city aforefaid, and the liberties there-. unto adjoining, whole duty it (hall be to attend the phyfU cidn in his vifits to tl>e faid prifons, and to execute every na-ccfTary order of the faid pbyfician touching the fame.

XVIII.	Provided always, That the apothecary fo appointed (hall be approved of by his Majeity's coart of king** bench.

XIX.	And be it ena&ed, That it (hall and maybe lawful for the grand jury aforefaid, at every Eafter and MU

*	chaelmas term after fuch appointment to prefent fuch fnra or fums as the bills of the faid apothecary may amount to, no charge being made for attendance, the faid apothecary having firlt produced to the grand jury aforefaid, a certificate figned bv the phyficiau aforefaid, fetting forth that faid phyfictans had actually preferibed the feveral medicines charged therein, and faid apothecary having likewife previ-oufly made oath, that faid medicines were delivered in the faid prifons, that they were genuine, and charged at the ordinary rates.

XX.	Provided always, That fuch fum or fums fo prefent-cd, (hall not exceed the fum of fifty pounds fterling in any one year.

XXI.	And whereas the phylician to be appointed by the term grand jury aforefaid, is by this a& excluded from vilit-ing or interfering with the New prifon in the city of Dutv lin, during the continuance in office of the prefent infpec* tor and phylician of his Majcfty’s gaol of Newgale : And whereas it is requifite that the apothecary herein appointed (hould attend the faid gaol, and be fubjeft to the orders of the prefent infpe&or and phylician thereof during his con* tin nance in office : be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That the faid apothecary (hall attend the faid infpector and

*	pbyfician of his Majfcfty’a gaol of Newgate during his continuance in office, in his vifits to the faid prifon, and that he fiiall execute every ncceflary order of the faid infpedor and phylician touching the fame, and that all certificates figned by the faid infpe&or and phyficiau, during the term aforefaid, for medicines that may be fiirnifhcd by the faid apothecary for the ufe of the faid prifon, (hall be deemed full and fufficient authority for the term grand jury aforefaid, lo provide for and include the fame in the fum herein dire&ed to he prefented by them for the purpofe of providing medicines for the feveral gaols, houfes of correction, marfhaifeas, and other publick prifons within the county of the city afor^-faid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-(landing.

XXII- And

Digitized by

Google

A common hill or kitchen to be in every nrifon in the

Thetwenty ftxtb Tear of George III*

XXII.	And whereas many of the perfons who are confined in the different prifons in this kingdom, fuffer extreme mifery froifr the want of fire and bedclothes during the winter months, and arc frequently put to great inconvenience at other fcafons for the want of fuel: for remedy whereof, be it en&fted by the authority aforefaid, That in every pri-fon in this kingdom, there fhall be one or more common hall priton m tne or common halls, kitchen or kitchens, to which priloners of kingdom, for every denomination fhall haveaccefs in regular rotation, that Pl,rPofts a conftant fire fhall he kept up in fuch hall for ten hours in M crein* everyday, from the twenty-ninth day of September, to the twenty-fifth day of March, that is to fay, from the hour of * ten in the morning, to the hour of eight in the afternoon, and for five hours in every day, from the twenty-fifth day of March, to the twenty-ninth day cf September in every year, that is to fay, from the hour of eleven at noon, to the hour of five in the afternoon ; and it fhall and may be lawful for the grand jury of every county* county of a city, or town in Ireland, at every fpring and fummer afiizes, and at every Eafter and Michaelmas term, in the county of Dublin, to prefent fuch fum or furasof money as may be requisite for the purpofes of providing coals, turf, or other fuel, and alfo for the purpofe of furnifhing fuiBcient bedding and fafcpkets for the pprifoners in each and every gaol, houfe of corredion, or other prifon within fuch county, county of a city, or.town as aforefaid.

XXIII.	Proyided always. That fuch fum or fum6 of money fo prefented, fhall not exceed fixty pounds in any one year, and that the expenditure thereof fhall be duly accounted for on oath at the next followingaiTizes after the preferment is made by the inlpedor of prifons for fuch county, county of a city or town, and the Overplus of the faid pre-(eatment, if any, (hall be duly brought to the credit of fuch county,'County of a city, or town.

XXIV.	And whereas the New prifon in the city of Dublin, is the chief receptacle of felons, anjl petty offenders, as well as of debtors : be it cna&ed, That two common halls fhall be tftablifhed therein, one for felons and other offenders, and the other for debtors, and that each of the faid halls fhall be fupphed with fuel in manner before mentioned, and like-wife that the prisoners confined.in faid gaol fhall be fufficient-ly fupplied with bedding and blankets.

XXV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That it 'fhall and may he lawful for the term gtind jury of to be prefented. the county of the city; of Dublin, at every Eaffer and Michaelmas term, ta prefent fuch fum or furas of money at each of (aid terms, as may be requifite for the purpofe of provid-

Vol. VIII.	I	ing

Two halls to be in Newgate, at herein.

Sami requifite

4

*

Digitized by

IIO

The twentyJixth Tear	George III.

reel ion to be prefeuted.

Not to exceed *©l.

Sum* for Newgate arvl JJ'idewell, to be paid to the mfpeOnr u licrciu.

A. D; ing fuel, blankets, and bed clothes for the prifonera confined 1786. iu fucli gaol.	.

Chap. 27. XXVI. Provided always, That fuch fum or films fopre-v—/ footed tor faid purpofes, {hail not exceed the fum of onehun-Not to exceed died pounds iu any one year.

,0Sum»fw ie XXViL And be it likewife further enaded, That h Audi houfe of cor- an^ Iftay lawful for the grand jury aforefaid, at every Eafler and Michaelmas term, to prefent fuch fum or fums of money as may he requitile for the purpofe of providing fuel and bed clothes forthe prifoners confined in the houfeof corrc&ioaor bridewell, belonging to the faid city.

XXVIII.	Provided always, That fuch fum or fumj of money fo prefeuted, (hall not exceed the fum of forty pounds in any one year.

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That the fevered firms before mentioned to he prefented for the purpofes of provide ing fuel, and bed clothes for the prifoners confined in the New pvifon, in the city of Dublin, and likewife for the prifoners confined in the Bridewell dr houfe of correction of faid city, fhall be paid into the hands of the infpedor of prifoas of the laid city for the time being, to be laid out by him for the purpofes above mentioned ; and that he the faid infpedor ihail render a full and true account thereof upon oath to the grand jury of the county of the city of Dublin aforefud, at every Eailer and Michaelmas term, after fuch presentments fhall be made, and (hall carry the balance (if any) which may remain in his hands, to the credit*of the county of the city aforefaid.

XXX.	And whereas fcveral of the principal gaols within this kingdom, are nosy repairing or rebuilding, or may here* after be repaired or rebuilt: and whereas a general reform* tion is required in all the gaols, marfhalfeas, houfes of cor* reciion, and other places of confinement throughout this kingdom, as well with rcfpect to the mode of deanfing, ventilating,' and purifying them, as in regard to the carrying into force the fovcral laws now iu being, for their regulation : be it eitt&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from

to be ap ointed* a,K^ a^tcr t^ie P^ng of this ad, it (hall and may be lawful by chuf gover- ^or 1he lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors uo..	of this kingdom for the time being, to appoint a fit aud

proper perion, with at* adequate falary or allowance, not exceeding two hundred	per annum, to be infpeftor

general of prtfons, which infped or general fhall vifit every pri* ion iii this kingdom once ait or oftner if he fhall think neetflary, within the courfe of two? yean from the date of w	his	appointment,	and	aifoj	fhall	give	his advice and affiftance

in chooling proper plans atul fituations where new gaols and .other places of confinement are to be ere&ed, and point out

any

Infoe&or go

Digitized by UooQle

The twentjfxtb Tear of George 111.

any addition*, alterations, or improvements which he may deem requiiite to be made in any of the old gaol* and other place* of confinement, for the preservation of the health of the prifoners, and for the Safe cuftody of the fame; and that he (hall alfo receive report* from the infpe&ots of gaols in the different counties in Ireland, the infpe&ors of the gaol* in the county of the city of Dublin excepted, and iliall alfo arrange and digeft the fame, or fo much as (hall have been duly transmitted to him, and prefent a full and accurate ftate and account thereof, at the bar of each houfe of parliament, on the firft day of every feffion of parliament, which fhaU be held during the continuance of Such office, and likewife a Separate report of fuch prifons as he (hall have vifited in perfon up to that period; and in cafe any of the faid in* fpc&ors (hall negleft to tranfroit their reports to the in-jpe&or general as herein dire&ed, the faid infpe&or general (hall (late the names of fuch inl'pe&prs who may have been guilty of fuch negle& in hi* report to both houfe* of parlia* meat.

XXXI.	Provided always. That the duration of the faid office of infpe&or general, (hall not exceed the term of two years, reckoning from the date of his appointment, and like-wife that it (hall not be lawful for the deputy vice-trcafurer, or any of the officers belonging to hi* Majefty’s treafury, to pay any falary, gratuity, or reward to the faid infpe&or general of prifons, until he (hall have produced two certificates, one from the chief clerk of each houfe of parliament, Setting forth, that faid infpc&or general has delivered at the bar of each of the faid houfes of parliament, the Several reports required by this ad.

XXXII.	And whereas it is requiiite for the order aad good government of prifons, and for the more effedually reforming abufes therein, that certain fixed fpecifick regulations fhould be adopted in everv jfrffon throughout this kingdom , to Serve as rules for the' Conduct of infpedors. Surgeons, medical affiftantSf gadtts, and other perfoiis concerned therein : be it therefore ena&ed by the authority afbrc-faid, That from and after the paffing of this ad, the following regulations (hall be carried into force in every gaol, houfe of correction* marihalfiea, bridewell,, and other pri* Sons throughout this kingdom, that is to fty,

i ft. That it (hall not be lawful for any woman to be keeper of any gad.

2d. That every gaoler (hall refide in his prifon, and that he (hall not be aa under (heriff, or a bailiff, nor (hall he hold any office or employment that may require his attendance in any other place.

I 2	3dly.

131

A. D*

1786. Chap. *7.

The duration of faid office not to exceed % years.

Regulation* for the Several prifon* in the kingdom, as herein.

Digitized by Google

Tie twenty-ftxth Tear of George HI.

^dly. Tint no tap (hall be kept in the prifon, nor (hall fhe gaoler, nror any peffon under his authority or appoint* incut, dircdfly or indire&ly, fell to the prifoners any malt or fpiritucus liquors, or any manner of provifions whaffo-*ver.

^thly. That the clergyman appointed to deliver out the common or county allowance of bread to the prifoners, (hall attend the prifon for that purpofc three days in eadh work ; he (hall alfo take care that it is properly diftributed according to the want3of the prifoners, and that it is of a good quality and proper weight, and that it is not more than forty eight hours fince the fame has been baked, and that hedhall tiot fuffer the prifoners to commute the fa id allowance, by receiving the valre thereof in money, or in any other .manner whatToevcr.

5th!}*. That every room in the prifon fhall be daily ferap-ed and fwept, and that it fhall be walked once a week ia fummer, and once a month in winter, and that twice at lead in every year the in fide of each of the rooms and cells of the prifon (hall be white-wflfhrd, viz. one month before 4he lent and fummer aflrzrs refpeStively, and that fufficient bed-(leads, tickcn for beds and blankets, be provided for fuch prifoners as are in waut of covering; and alfo, that Sufficient fuel fhall be provided for the common hall or halls of every fudh prifon refpefHvely, and that every prifoner (hall be fupplicd with Trelb flraw once in every month.

6thly. That the prifoners who are fick (bad be feparated from thofe whoure in health, and the furgeon or medical cfMant fhall regularly attend the former andfupply them with medicine, and alfo with broth, or other neceflary fuftr-nance.

7tbly That debtors fhall he feparated from felons and >ther offenders, and that perfons charged with highway-robbery, hoitfr-breaking, murder, or other capital offences, ftall not be fuffored to haye any intercourfe with prifoners confined for offences whidh are not capital, and that men and womea prifoners of every denomination fhallhe -kept fe-parate.

^thly. That in every gaol there (ball be one orroore'fnf-fieierit, clean smd well fecured yards for the convenience of prifoners, alfo a bath andone or more neceffary towbidrthe pnfoners (hall have free accdfe ; "that no hogs, horfes, cows, or other cattle, or poultry of any kind, (hall be kepttn the Taul yard,; and that ^ prifontrs ffiall be admitted at proper 1 times iti fucceffion to air tbemfekes in fuch yard or yards, ‘for at lead twg hours everyday, except prifbrrers under fen-tcnceof death, and fuch perfons at are liotouatnr disorderly.

or

The twentyftxth Tear of George III.

or where there may be fufficientreafon Vo apprehend that an eficapc may be attempted,

9tWy. That no priSoner, even when condemned to deaths (hall be put into a dungeon or room under ground, unkfs in caufcquence of outrageous conduct, or for. an attempt ta break gad.

iothly. That no Spirituous liquors of any kind, (hall be admitted into the prifon on any pretence whatsoever, unlels by 3 written order from the phyfician, furgeon,. apothecary, medical affiftant, or iafpe£tor, or any penny-pot, or garni!h be taken from prifoners on their entrance into prifon, on any account or pretence whatsoever.

I ithly. That a table of fees (hall be made, out by the in* fpe&or general of prifons, and the infpeftor of prifons in the county of the city of Dublin, to be laid, by them before his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, which table, if it (hdl be approved by faid court, (hall Serve as. a general regulation for fees throughout this kingdom* and the intpe&or general of prifons (hall dillributc copies thereof to the Several county mfpe&ors, to be by them placed in a confpicuous part of the prifons under their infpedion ; and the infpe&or general of prifons (hall likewife caufe Several, copies, of this a& to be printed on one fide of a (heet of paper, ana palled on boards, which he (hall alfo diftribute among the Several county infpec-tors to be by them placed in the cpmmon hall of every prifon.

x athly. That the Several local infpe&ors of prifons (hall each of them vifit the gaol or gaols under his infpe&ioa twice at lead in every week ; that at each vifit he (hall go into every room in the priSon, and if any complaints are made by the prifoners again (I the gaoler or his agents, tlie in Spooler (hall immediately enquire into the particulars of fuch. complaint and report accordingly.	*

13thly. That the faid infpe&ort (hall each of them report Specially on oath in the manner herein directed, the date of the prifons under their infpc&ion rcfpe&iveJy, to the magi-it rates at the quarter Seffions, and likewife to the judges at the lent and Summer affixes, and they (hall alfo, twenty-one days at lead before the fitting of parliament, tranfmit a finri-lar report, together with a calendar of the prifoners a&ually in cudody, Setting forth the particular crime for which each prifoner has been committed, and likewife a general datement of all prifoners who have been tried, whether acquitted or condemned, Specifying the Several crimes of which they were acetified, and the Sentences of thofe who may have been found guilty, to the infpe&or general of prifons, to be laid by him before both hotwet o£^ parliament on the fird day of each fieflion.

XXXIIL And

Digitized by v^ooQle

*34

A D.

1786. Chap. 27.

Reports.

A Verier of the marfiulfea prifon to be appointed as herein.

rhity of keeper.

Keeper not

to interfete, as herein.

The twmfyfxtb Tear of George III.

XXXIII.	And be it farther ena&ed, That the infpec-tors of gaols or prifons to be appointed in purfuance of this ad, (hall, in their reports of the (late of the refpe&ive gaols or prifons under their infpe&ion refpe&ively, infert a copy of the foregoing thirteen regulations at full length, and in a feparate column oppofite to each of the (aid regulations, (hall certify and (late how far each of them has been observed, and complied with, and (hall alfo ftate and fet dowr? how far the feveral other dire&ions contained in this prefcnt ad have been obferved and executed.

XXXIV.	And whereas the marfhalfea prifon of the city of Dublin, and the fafe cuftody of fuch perfons as now are or have been therein confined, is and has heretofore been in the marfhal of the faid city for the time being : and whereas the faid marfhal from the nature of his office, cannot give that attention to the faid marfhalfea prifon, and to the prifoners who are or (hall be confined therein which is required and enjoined by this ad, without interfering with the other duties of his faid office: be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the pafitng of this a&, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the corporation of the faid city of Dublin, at any quarter afiembly, or at any pofl aflembly held for that purpofe, to ele& and appoint a fit and proper perfon to be a keeper of faid marfhalfea prifon; and it is hereby declared, That from and after the ele&ion of fuch keeper, and of his taking charge of faid prifon, the marfhal of the faid city (hall be exempt, and is hereby re^ leafed from the care and cuflody of the prifoners thenceforth to be therein confined ; and that faid marfhal (hall not be liable to any damages, cods or charges whatever, for or on ac* eoui£ of any efcape that (hall be efle&ed or made from faid prifon.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid keeper (hall be anfwerable for the fafe cuftody of all fuch prifoners as (hall be confined in faid marihalfea prifon, and that he (hall obferve arid perform the feveral and refpe&ive duties herein required of other keepers of prifons wherein debtors are confined.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That fuch nomination or appointment of fuch perfon to be keeper of faid marfhalfea prifon as aforefaid, (hall not extend or be con ft rued to extend to permit or allow any fuch perfon to interfere in any fort or degree whatsoever, with any of the duties, privileges or emoluments annexed to the (aid office of marfhal, or which heretofore have been exercifed or enjoyed by him or his pre-^eceflors, fave only and except in the care of the faid mar-

(halfc*

Digitized by v^ooQle

The twmiy*fixtb Year of George III.

(halfiea prifen, and the lafe keeping of the prifoners to be confined therein.

XXXVII.	Aftd whereas it is made and provided by this a&, that the duration of the office of infpc&or general of prifons (hall not exceed the term of two years from the time of the appointment of any perfon to that office : be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That fo foon as the faid office (hallceafe and determine, all reports ditetted by this at\ to be made to him the faid infpedor general of pn-fons by the feveral infpcclors of prifons in counties, counties of cities and counties of towns in this kingdom, (hall thereafter be made to the infpedtor of prifons of the county of the city of Dublin, for the time being, and (hall by him be di-gefted and reported at the bar of each houfe of parliament, at the firft day of every feffion of parliament, in like manner aa is herein before dire&ed to be done and performed by the (aid infpe&or general of prifons during the continuance of his office.

XX XVIII. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all and lingular the feveral fums of money directed by this aCl to be prefented by the grand juries of the fc-veral counties, counties of cities, and counties of towns in Ireland, (hail be raifed, levied, applotted and afieffed upon the county at large, after the fame manner as preferments made by the grand jury for county charges are ufually levied and raifed.

XXXIX. And whereas it is eficntially neceflary to the good government of the date that the legiflature (hould receive every poffible information relative to offences committed, that effectual laws may be framed from time to time to guard againil the fame: be it ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the clerk of the crown, and he is hereby required at each affize and general gaol delivery in every county, county of a city, and county of a town in Ireland, and at every fpecial commiffion therein, and at every quarter feffion, term, or commiffion of the county of the city of Dublin, to fumifh the infpe&or of prifpns for the time being, of the faid county, county of a city or town, with a complete fchcdule of the feveral prifoners brought to trial at each affizes, and general gaol delivery, and at each fpecial commiffion, and at each and every quarter feffions, term, or commiffion of the county of the city of Dublin, fpecifying the particular crime of which each priiooer is accufed, and (taring the fentence of the

^on each trial, and whether the faid feveral fentences been executed, or whether the whole or any parts of ihem have been remitted* and the feveral infpc&ors of prifons

\\rb?n the office of infper-tor penci al ftutt ceafe, repoiU to b era ail* at herein.

All fuxn* prefented, (hall be levied as herein.

Clerks of the crown tofurnifh theinfpe&on with fchcdulo* as herein.

Digitized by Google

Judges to give this ad in charge to the grand juries.

‘Grand juries neglecting pre-fentir.cnts, the county fined iOOl.

Said fine to be applied as herein.

Appfottedand levied as herein;

Hcufes, &*c. ncceflary to purthsfe for rreding any gaol, 5rc. may ne valued as hcreiu.

The twetUyJtxth Tear of George III,

fons are hereby required to report, and traafknitthelhme ia manner herein before direfted.

XL. And in order to render efltftual the federal provi -fions and regulations contained in this aft : be it cfia&efd'by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the paifitig* of this aft, all and every judge and judges of affize, and'general gaol delivery, arc hereby direfted and required to giv# this aft in charge to the grand juries of the feverabcoovities, comities of cities and towns, in their refpeftive circotfs throughout this kingdom, or fb much thereof as concerns fuch grand juries, and to require them to comply therewith as the law direfts, and to make fuch presentments as are herein mentioned and direfted, at the firft affizes after the palling of this aft.

XL I. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any of the grand juries of the counties* counties of cities, or towns throughout this kingdom, after their having been properly called upon, and direfted by fuch judges to form fuch presentments as are mentioned in this aft, (half, not-withHanding negleft, or omit to make fuch prefentment or provifions refpeftively befoie the laft day of the faid affizes, that in every fuch cafe the laid judges refpeftively are hereby required, direfted, and empowered to impofc fuch fine or fines cm fuch county, county* of a city or town, as they (half deem juft and ncceflary, not exceeding the fum of two hundred pounds.

XLII. And be it enafted, That fuch fine or- fines when levied, lhall be applied to the repair or enlargement of the fo-veral prifons within the faid county, county of a city or town, or to the providing ncceflary accommodations for the prifoners confined therein, and fhall be accounted for in like manner as if the fame had been'regularly prefented by the refpeftive grand juries.

XL HI. Provided always, That every fine impofed upon any cdnnty, county of a city or town, by the judge or judges of afiize, purfuant to this aft, (hall be laid on, ap-plotted, and levied uporr the county art large, in the ftafie manner that prefentments made by the grand jury for county charges are laid on, applotted, and levied.

XLIV. Whereas great inconveniences have arifen from the owners of groimd, upon which it has-been found expedient to ereft gaols, court-houfes, and bridewcHtf, or additions thereto, making exorbitant, demands'for the flirt*; for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That frbm and' after the paffihg of this aft, whenever any money may have been pneferitfcd, which remams unCKpended, or Ihkll be hereafter prefented By any grand jury of a county, county of a city, or county of a town, (by law empowered

Digitized by

Google

Tfctoaatiy-fxtb TetM of George-U&

powered to raife money by presentment) for the pur-pofe of erefting any new gaol, bridewell, or court-houfe, or for enlarging any gaol, bridewell* or court-houfe, or the courts and outlets thereunto belonging, it (hall and may be lawful for the governor or governors, and the repre* fentatives in parliament of fuch county, or any two of them, as often as it (hall be declared by fuch grand juiy to be neceflary to purchafe, or rent any houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for thepurpofe of carrying the works fo> prefented into execution, to procure the fame to be valued by a jury in like manner, and with the fame powers as the commtiRoner* for widening the ft reels of the city of Dublin, are now by law authorized to do.

XX,V. And be it enafted by the authority aforclaid, That this aft (kail be taken and deemed, to be a publick aft, and aH judges, juftices, and other perfons (hall take notice thereof, without fpecially pleading the fame.

XLVI; And be it further enafted by the authority afbrct faid, That the fevcral flatutes now in force for the. regulation of faid prifons, and likewife for the pumfhment by fines, im-prifonment, and other ways of fuch gaoler as may be guilty of any mifdemeanor, negleftof duty, or mifeonduftrwhatsoever, (hall in alt things remain in full force as if this-aft had not been made, unlefs fo far as the fame are altered or amended by this aft.

XI^VIL Whereas the office of gaoler of his Majefty's gaol of New prifon in the city of Dublin, is a place not only of truft but confiderable trouble: and whereas it appear^ that only the fum of twenty pounds has been hitherto paid and allowed to the faid gaoler, or keeper, by the corporation of the city of Dublin, which faid fum of twenty pounds appears to be anrinadequatecompenfation for the truft andduty of fafe keeping hia faid majdfcy'agaol, and the prifoners confined therein: be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the term grand jury for the city of Dublin, or the grand jury at the quarter feffions, to be holden for the faid city, may and (hall prefent fuch fiua or films of money as they (hall in their judgment deem ncoeffary, and an equivalent payment for the trouble, labour, and care of the faid gaoler or. keeper of his Majefty's gaol of New prifon : provided always, that fuch fum or fumafo to be paid to the {aid gaoler, dd ncrexoeod cue hundred pouadf annually.

rA publick

Laws con-tinncAasjweio.

Keeper of r-cw piiIon, bit fdary.

C H A t.

Digitized by Google

The twentyfxth Tear of G«org*dJl.

A, D.

1786.

CHAP. XXVIII.

Ah AQ for building a Bridge o ver the Northern Channel of the River Lee, in the City of Cork, and Suburbs thereof, and for other Purpofes relative to the)aid City.

CoBmifionti for defignin*, &c .m bridge over the river Lee.

Owner of the ferries to be fommoned as herein.

■\X7HEREAS the city of Cork, and the fubmbs ▼ ▼ thereof are by the extenfion of commerce confider-ably cncreafed, and are likely to encrcafe: and whetm there is no communication or paffage from the country into the faid city, on the north fide thereof, for goods, cattle, carriage, or travellers, except by one bridge called North-Bridge : be it therefore enacted by the King’s moil excellent Mcrjefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefest Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the mayor, recorder, aldermen, and inch of the bor-gefTes as dre or (hall be of the common council, and alfo the two citizens reprefenting the faid city in parliament, and the common fpeaker of faid city, all for the time being, and the leveral perfons herein after named, to wit, Humphry Crow-!r, efquire, John Thompfon Burgefs, John Digby, Richard Perry, and John Pedderof the city of Cork, cfquircs, doctor John Longfield, William Hare, Cooper Pennofe, archdeacon Chambre Corker, George Newtom, John Lapp, Richard Hare, fenior, and Pope Gray, cfquircs, fhall be and are hereby appo nted commiffioners, with ftril power and authority for designing, making, ere&ing, and building one bridge below the prefect bridge over the northern branch or channel of the faid river Lee, running through the feud city and fuburbs thereof, and that it Audi and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or their fuccefiors, or any five or more of them, to defign, afftgn, and lay oqt and appoint in what manner faid bridge fhall be built, and over what particular part of faid river, which appointment, before the fame fhall be carried into execution, (hall be confirmed in a court of Doyer hundred, eight days previous notice be-ing given by publick polling on the exchange of faid dty, of holding fuch court.	*

IL And be it eca&ed by the authority aforefaid, That as foon as the faid commiffioners (hall, as aforefaid, have af-figned, defigned, and appointed how and in what manner the aforefaid bridge fhall be built, and over what particular part of the faid river Lee, and that fuch defignation and appointment fhall be confirmed as aforefaid, the laid commiffioners before they (hall proceed or have power to proceed to build

fuch

Digitized by

Google

The twentyfxth Tear of George III.

fuch bridge, (hall fummon the owners and all perfons whatfoever having or claiming any eftate, right, title, orintereftin and to the two ferries plying for hire over the faid north branch of the river Lee, one from the Cuftom houfe to the oppofite fide of laid river, and the other from the Coal-quay to the oppofite fide, to meet the faid commiffioners, at fuch time and place in faid city as fhall be mentioned in fuch fura-moos, in order to agree with the faid feveral perfons either for the purchafe of their rcfpe&ive eftate, right, title, term, and intereft in and to the faid ferries, or to make them re-compence for any damage or lofs that may be fuftained by them refpc&ively by the building fuch bridge at the election of fuch owners, proprietors, or perfons refpeflively claiming fuch right, title, or intereft in or to fuch ferries, which fummons {hall be ferved upon, or left at the dwelling-houfe of fuch perfon or perfons refpe&ively, ten days at leaf! before they (hall be required to meet faid commiffioners; and iu cafe the faid commifiioners cannot at fuch meeting agree with and fatisfy the faid feveral perfons for the purchafe of their refpe&ive eftates, right, title, term* ^nd intereft in faid ferries, or for any damage or lofs that they may reflectively fuftain by the building of fuch bridge, that then, a jury (hall be fummoned to value the fame as herein after mentioned.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick, corporate and collegiate, corporation, aggregate or foie, feoffees in truft, guardians and committees to lunaticks and ideots, executors, adminiftrators, and guardians whatfoever, not only for and on behalf of themfelves, their heirs and fuc-ceffors, but alfo for or on behalf of cejhu que trails, whether infant3 or iffue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, feme-coverts, or other perfons whatsoever, and to and for all feme-coverti) who are or (hall be feized in their own right, and to and for all perfons whatfoever, who are or (hall be feizod or poffeffed of or intended in the aforefaid ferries or either of them, which by the laid commiffioners or the fucceffors of them, or any five or more of them, (hall be thought oeceflary .o be purchafed for any of the purpofes of this ato fell and fconvey fuch ferry or ferries, or anv part thereof to the faid commiffioners or the fucceffors of them, and that all con* tra&s, agreements, bargains. Tales, and conveyances which (hall be made by fich perfon and perfons as aforefaid, (hall be good and valid in law to all intents and purpofes, to con* vey all the eftate, right, title, and intereft, ufe, property, claim, and demand whatfoever, as well of him, her, or themfelves, as of his, her, or their feveral and relpc^tive tflui que trails, whether infants or iffue unborn, lunaticks,

ideots.

Bodies politick and corporate, &c empowered to fell their it* ter efts in laid feniet, as herein.

Digitized by v^ooQle

x4o	The twentyfixth Year of George III.

A. D. ideots* feme, coverts, or other persons whomsoever, and of 1766. alf perfons claiming or to claim by, from, or under them^ Chap. a#, any law, flatute, ufage, or any matter or thing whatfocverJ ] to the contrary thereof notwithftanding; and that all fuck perfons fo conveying as aforefaid, fhall be indemnified foe what they (hall do by virtue of or in purfuanoe of thir a&» notwithftandlng any omiffion or miftake of matter or form whatfoever; and if it (hall happen* that any perfon or per-’ fona, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, or other per* j (bn or perfons having or claiming any eftate, right, title, term, or intereft in fuch ferry or ferries, fhall refufe, ne-gleffc, or decline to agree with the faid commiflioners, or the fucceflors of them, or any five or more of them, for the fair or conveyance of their refpc&ive eftates, rights^, titles, terms, and interefts in fuch ferry or ferriej. or fha^ not produce and make out a clear title to fuch eftate, right, title, term, or intereft as they claim, to the farttsfadion of the faid commiflioners or the fucceflors of them, or any five or more of them at any meeting, then, and in fuch cafe, ft (ball and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or the fucceflors of them, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered and authorized to iflue a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, dire&ed to the (he-riffs of the county of the city of Cork, who are hereby ,	authorized,	dire&ed, and required accordingly to impannd

and return a. competent number of fubftantial and difintcrrft-ed perlbns qualified to ferve on juries in faid city, net left than thirty-fix, nor more than fixty, and out of fuch pel-fons fo to be impanelled, fummoned, and returned, a jury of twelve perfons (hall be drawn by fomc perfon to be by the faid commiflioners and the fucceflors of them, or any five or more of them appointed in fuch manner ay juries for the trial of iflues joined in his Majcfty’s Four Coarts it Dublin, by an a6t made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Mjyefty King George the fecond, entitled,

Ah aS for the better regulating juries, and the feveral a&s for the renewal thereof, are dire61 ed to be drawn, which Der-fons fo to be impannelled, fummoned, and returned as afore-faid, are hereby required to appear before the faid commiflioners or the fucceflors of them, or any five or more of them, at fuch time and place as in fuch warrant and war-xants, precept or precepts (hall be direfted and appointed, and to attend the laid commiflioners frond day to day, until difeharged by the faid commiflioners, or by any five or of them, and all parties concerned (hall and may have their '	lawful	challenges	ana	in	ft	any of faid jurymen, but (hall not

at liberty to challenge the array,	•

IV.	And

Digitized by v^ooQle

When a defi-

Tbe twenty rfxtfj Tear rf Geoxge III.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority afortfaid.

That in all cafes of trials by juries before the faid commiflum-ers, or any five or more of them, where a full jury fhall not appear before them, or where after appearance of a full jury, it (hall fo happen cither by means of challenges or other-wife, that there fhall be a default of twelve jurors fbriuch ciency happens trial, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid commif-lionets, or any five or more of them, to command the (he- (heriffs fhall iir-riffs of the county of the city of Cork, to impannel fomany pannel others other perfons of the faid city or fuburb3 thereof .then tl_|l arc prefen t, as fhall make up a full jury of twelve men, chorcn' which perfons fo to be impannelled, fhall be added to the former pannel, and all parties interefled in fuch trial, fhall have their challenges to the jurors fo added to the former pannel as if they had been impanelled originally, an&the (aid commiflioners ami the fuccefTors of them, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered by precept or precepts, from time to time as occafion fhall require, to call before them all and every perfon or perfons whomfoever who fhall be thought proper or neceffary to bey examined as witnefies before them, and to examine him, her, or them, on his, her, or their oath or oaths, touching and concerning the premiffes : and the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, if they think ‘fit, fhall and may likewife authorize the faid jury to view the ferry or ferries fo to be purchafed, and the faid commiflioners, or the fuccefTors of them, or any five or more of them, fhall have power to adjourn fuch meeting from time to time ns occafion (hall require, and to command fuch jury, witnelfes, and parties to attend, until fuch affairs for which they were fo fummoned, fhall be concluded ; and the faid commiflioners, and the fuccefTors of them, or any dive or moTe'df them, are hereby authorized and empowered and required to adminifter an oath to fuch jurors at every fuch trial as aforefaM, and that the oath to be taken by fuch jurors, fhall be, to truly and diligently to enquire into aH fuch matters as*(hdll be given to them in charge, and a true ver-di& give according to the evidence, and alfo to adminifter an oath to, and to examine fudh perfon and perfons as fhall ,

;be‘Called upon to give evidence at'every fuch trial as afone-faid, and alfo at every fuch trial as aforefaid to give fuch matters in charge, and no other, to (aid jurors as to them Ml feem moft expedient for the more cffe&ual execution cf fhisadl, and the faid jury upon their oaths-fhall enquire into the value of fuch ferry and ferries, and of the reipec-tivc efbilq, right, title, term and intereft of every jperfon x	or

Digitized by i^ooQ le

Perfons to whom fitch Turns (hill bo awarded, (hill execute convey* wees.

Tie twmtyjixtb Tear tf George III.

or perfons fexxed or pofiefled thereof* or mterefted therein, or of or in »ny part thereof, and (hall aflefs and award the fum or fumt to be paid to every fuch perfon or perfons for the purchafe of fuch their reipe&ive eftates, rights* titles* terms and interefti j and the (aid commii&oners, and the fuc-eeffors of them, or any five or more of them, (hall and may give judgment for fuch fum or fuxns of money fo to be af-Jeded, which faid verdiCt or verdi&s, and the faid judgment* decree, or determination thereupon* notice in writing being

S'vtfn to the perfon or perfons interefted, at lead fourteen tys before the time of the firft meeting of faid jury, declaring the time and place of fuch meeting of the (aid com* miffioners and jury by personally ferving fuch perfon with fuch notice, or by leaviug fuch notice at the dwelling-houfc of fuch perfon or perfons, or at his* her* or their ufual place or places of abode* or by leaving it with fome tenant or occupier of the ferry or ferries intended to be valued and aflefled* in cafe fuch party or his ufual place of abode cannot be found out in the faid city or fuburbs thereof* to be fared jwith fuch notice* (hall be binding and conducive to all intents and purpofes whatfoever* againft all and every perfon and perfons* bodies politick and corporate, claiming any eftatc, right, title, truft* ufe, or intereft, iu, to* or out of the ferry or ferries fo intended to be purchased* or any re-verfion, remainder* or expectancy therein, as well infants at iffue unborn, lunaticks, idiots* and feme covert^ and perfons under any other legal incapacity or difability, as all other eeflui qve truds* his, her, or their heirs, fucccffora, executors, and admin idrators, and againd all other perfons whomfoever, and the verdids, judgments, and decrees, and all other proceedings of the faid commiflioners and jurits to be made, given, and pronounced as aforefaid, (hall be fairly written on parchment, and figned and Sealed by the major part of the faid commiflioners, or any five of fuch majority who were prefent at, and pronounced fuch judgment and decrees.

V.	And be it further cnaded by the authority aforefoid, That upon payment of fuch fum or fums of money, fo to be awarded or adjudged, the perfon or perfons to whom the , fame (hill be awarded for the purchafo of the faid ferry or fetries, or for the purchafe of any eftate, right, title, tern, or intereft therein, (ball make ^nd execute, or procure to be made and executed, good* valid* and legal conveyances, affignments, and a durances in the law* to the laid commit fioners* or the fuccedors of them, or to any five or more of them* of the faid ferry or ferries, or of fuch eftatc, right, title) term, or intereft, for which fuch fom or fums of mo-

acy

#

Digitized by Google

The tivthtyjixth Tear s/’George III.	143

rtcy fhall be fo awarded, and (hall procure all nece£Eiry par- A. D. ties to execute fuch conveyances, alignments, and affuran- 1786. ces, and fhall do all a6b, matters, and tkinps requifite and Chap. 28. neceflary to make a good, clear, and pem& title to the faid commiflioners, or the fucceffors of them, or any five or more of them, and fuch conveyances, alignments, and af-furances, fhall contain all fuch reafonable and ufual covenants as fhall, on the part of the faid commiflioners, or the fucceffors of them, or any five or more of them, be required ; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfon9 to whom fuch fum or fums fhall be awarded as aforefaid, fhall not be able to make , out their title to the premifles to the faid com-miflioners, and to make, or procure to be made £Ood, valid, and legal conveyances thereof to the faid commiffion-er% or fhall refufe fo do, being thereunto required, and fuch fum or ftitns fo affefled and awarded as aforefaid, being tendered to be paid to him or them, on his, her, or their making fuch title, and executing or procuring to be executed fuch conveyances, affignments, and affurances as aforefaid, or in cafe fuch perfon or perfons, to whom fuch fum or fums of money fhall be awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found in (aid city, or fuburbs thereof, or in cafe by reafon of disputes, differences, or for defeft of evidence, it fhall no| appear to the commiflioners what perfon or perfons is or are entitled to the premifles in queflion ; then and in every fuch cafe as aforefaid, it fhall and may b£ lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or the fucceffors of them, or any five or more of them, to pay into the bank of Ireland, the faid fum or fums fo affeffed or awarded as aforefaid, as the value of, and purchafe money for the faid ferry or ferries for thc’ufe of the parties interefled in the faid piemiffes, to be paid to th~m, and every of them, according to their refpe&ive' tf-tates and interefts therein, at fuch time as to the faid lord high chancellor of Ireland, or the keeper of the great feal fhall feem meet, and who is hereby empowered in alummaiy way, upon the feveral petitions of the refpe£ttve parties, to hear, judge of, and determine, as well by examination of 1 witntffes upon oath, as by all other ways and means whioh he (hall judge proper, the feveral rights, claims, 2nd dc-,Jmands of all perfons interefled in the faid premifles which ’ Thall be fo valued, and to afeertain unto fuch perfon and ' perfons refpeft ively according to their feveral intereffa, Inch "(bare and proportion of fuch purchafe money as the faid lord high chancellor, or the keeper of the great feal, fhall judge fit, which judgment in fuch cafe fhall be find and conclufive, 'and the caihier or cafhiers of the bank of Ireland, v. l. j /hail receive fuch fum and fumsof money, fo paid

into

#

Digitized by

Google

chancery.

The twmfajixth Tear ^George III.

afttojflid btnk u aforefeid, is, -and are hereby required to jfive aa accountable receipt or receipts for fuch fum and iums, mentioning and fpecifying for what ferry or ferries, and/or whofe ulc the fame in or are received, to fuch per— fooorlperfon8 as (hall .pay aay fetch fum or fums into the /aid bank as aforefeid.

.	.	VI. And be it Airther enaded by the authority aforefeid,

(halTbeYotered That A»ch verdiefe, judgments, feotcnces, decrees, or-in the rolls of <ta*9 *«pd other proceedings of the (aid commifiioners and juries as relate to or concern the ferry orferries fo to be pur-chafed as aforefeid, and all accountable receipts which the 4md calhicr or caOuers of the faid bank (hall give for any fum or Aims of money paid into the (aid bank, in coqfe-qttenoe of any fuch verdi& and judgment hall be entered in the rolls of the (aid court of Chancery, and the vtrditls, judgments, fenteoces, decrees and orders, and other proceedings (hall be deemed and taken to be records to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, and the feme or true copies thereof (hall be deemed and taken to be good and effc&ual evidence and proof in .any court or courts-of law or equity' whatfoever, and all perfons (hall and may have recourfe to the fame gratis, and may alfo take copies thereof, paying /or every copy thereof by the (hect of paper not exceeding ninety words, one penny, and fo proportionally for any .greater number of words, and immediately on fuch payment and entry of fuch verdi&s, judgments, fentences, decrees, orders, and other proceedings of the (aid commiHioaers, rand juries, and of fuch receipt or receipts of the (aid cafhier or calhiers es aforefaid, all the eftate, right, title, intereft, life. Cruft,,property, claim, and demand in law or equity, of the^perfon or perfons for whofe ufe fuch money (hall be paid as afbrefaid, in, to, and out of the faid ferry or fer--lies, (hall veft in the faid, commiftioners, and they (hall be .deemed to law to be in the a&ual feizin and pofleftion thereof, to all intents and purpofes whatsoever, as fully and ef-fb&uallyaa if every perfon having any eftate in the pre-mifles had actually conveyed the feme to the (aid commit-: fioners by kafe and rcleafe, bargain and fele enrolled, feoffment with Hvery and feifin, fine and recovery, or any other Itgal eonveyasce whatfoever, and feich payment (hall not omy^hatiiall right, title, intereft, claim, and demand, of the petftmand perfons to whofe ufe fuch payment was made, fhut alfo (hmll extend to and be deemed anaconftrued to bar the dowetsaod dowers of the wife and wives of fuch perfon and* perfons, and all eftate tail in rtverfion or remainder,

' and alfo the ifTue and iffucs of fuch perfon and perfons, and wvery perios claiming under them as cffcdually as a fmc an V

recovery

Digitized by L.ooQle

The twentyfxth Tear of George III.

recovery would do if levied or fuffered by the proper parties in due form of law.

VII. Provided always, That it (hall be lawful for the faid lord high chancellor, or keeper of the great feal, after fach paytpe it into the faid bank, and entry of fuch payment as aforefaid, at the petition of any perfon or perfons in pof-fefiion of fuch ferry or ferries, if he (hall think fit to place put, or invcft, or caufe to be placed out or invefted, fuch film or fums of money, or any part thereof, in fome of the public fluids, or on government fecurity at interell, in the name of any perfon or perfons authorized and appointed by the faid lord high chancellor, or keeper of the great feal, for that purpofe in trull to transfer or aflign the fame to the 'perfon or perfons to whom the (hid ferry or ferries belong, on their executing proper conveyances thereof to the faid eommiflioners, and in the mean time in trad to pay the

X.ord chancellor may upon petition place out fuch fums fo paid into the bank in fome public!; fund.

interell and dividend ariiing therefrom, to fuch perfon or perfons who was or were in poflelfiun of the faid ferry or ferries, at the time of the laid payment into the faid bank.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled, That Perfons enti-all and every perfon or perfons who would be entitled to re-

cover the profits of the faid ferry and ferries, againft the ferrie* perfon or perfons in pofleflion, in cafe the fame had not from the pdTef-heeo fo conveyed to dr veiled in the faid commitnoners as f°r» if not fo aforefaid, (hall be entitled to recover the lum or fums to	fhcTn^

arife from fuch interell and dividend as aforefaid, by a&ion tereft, of debt or otherwise, agaiuft the perfon or perfons who (hall receive the fame ; and the faid lord high chancellor* or keeper of the great feal is hereby empowered and authorized to make fuch orders on the faiu bank for the payment of fuch fum or fums of money, or any part thereof, as (hall be noceflary in order to the fame being fo in veiled in pub-3ick fecurities; and the faid commiifiohers (hall be quieted in the pofleflion of the ferry or ferries for which fuch lum or frnns (hall be fo paid as aforefaid, and Avail not be anfwer-able Or accountable in any court of law or equity, for the money fo depofited and placed out a3 aforefaid, any other-wife than according to the tenor, purport, and true meaning of this a&.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe any feme Sum* payable avert is, or (hall be feized in fee Ample, or in tail, general,

orfpecid of any fnch ferry or ferries lb to be pure ha fed as c w afbrefaid by the faid eommiflioners, or of any interell iq the tune to her feparate ufe, free from the controul or intermeddling of her hufband, the purchafe money arifing from the fale of fuch eftate or interell of inch feme covert, on the conveyance of fuch eftate Or inured to the faid eommiflion-Vol. VIII.	K	ers^

/

t

. _ Digitized by

Google

The funit payable to bo-<ties corporate, Kc. how to be paid.

' Conveytnee of any feme eo-+trt% &c. effectual.

Baryairn Snd fates of fuch ferries (ball be fffcdual.

Petfons barred of right to ferries, may bring an aftion, 6cc.

The twentj-fix/k Tear of George III.

ers, (hall be paid either to the hufband of fuch feme covert * at her *equcd, or to fuch perfon or perfons hs (he fhall by writing under her hand, nominate to receive the lame in truft, to be re-invefted in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed and fettled for fuch ufe or ufes, ef* tate or intereft. as the faid feme covert had in the ferry or ferries fo to be purchafed by the faid commiffioners.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the principal money arifing from the kdc of any ferry or ferries which fhall be purchafed for the purpofes contained in this aft, from any body corporate or collegiate, corporation aggregate or foie, feoffees in truft, guardians, committees, or other truftees, or from any feme covert, (haO be paid to fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall refpeftively nominate to receive the fame in truft, with all convenient fpeed, then afterwards 11> be re-invelled in the purchafe of any meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be conveyed and fettled to and upon, and fubjeft to the like ufes, trufts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies as the ferry or ferries which (hall he purchafed from them refpeftively by the faid commiffioners as aforefaid, were refpeftively fettled, limited, or affured to or upon at the time of filch the purchafing of the fame, or fo many thereof, as at the time of making fuch conveyances and fettlements (hould be exilic ing and capable of taking effeft.

XI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the conveyance of any fuch eftatc or intereft of any feme covert to the faid commiffioners, or any perfon or perfons in truft for them, by bargain and fale, acknowledged by fuch feme covert, in fuch manner as bargains and fales are ufually acknowledged and enrolled in the rolls office of his Majefty’s high court of chancery, within fix months after the making thereof, (hall as effeftually and abfolutely convey the eftatc and interefts of fuch feme coverts in the premiffes as any fine or fines, recover)1’ or recoveries would or could do if levied or fufFered thereof in due form of law.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That all bargains and fales whatfoever of any fuch ferry' or ferries as (hall be purchafed by the faid commiffioners by virtue of, and for the purpofes of this aft, (hall have the force, effeft, and open*-tion in law to all intents which any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, would have if levied or fuffered by the bargainer or bargainers, or any perfon or perfons feixed of any eftate in the faid ferry or ferries in truft for or to the ufe of fuch bargainer or bargainers in any legal manner or form whatfoever.

XIII.	Provided neverthclefs, That any perfon or perfons barred of any fight, title, intereft, claim, or demand whatfoever

Digitized by Google

The twentyfixth Tear of George Ilf.

fbever in, to, or out of the faid ferry or ferries, which by virtue, and for' the purpofes of this «&, /hall be pur-chafed by and conveyed to the faid commiffioners as aforefaid, fhall be at liberty to bring an a&ion or actions of debt; or an a&ion for money had and received to his or their ufe againft any perfon or perfons, or the legal reprefenrative or reprefentatives of any perfon or perfons who received the purchafe-inoney ariling from fuch lale of the ferry or ferries aforefaid ; and -that in every fuch cafe the plaintiff or plaintiffs, on proof of fuch title as would have enabled them to recover the faid ferriesv of any part thereof, fhall recover the faid purchafe-mortey, or fo much thereof as (hall be equivalent to his, her, or theit in-tereft in the faid ferry or ferries, or any part thereof, together with fuch intereft as fhall be equivalent to the profits of the ferry or ferries, or any part thereof, tfhich he, (he, or they would have been entitled to receive in cafe this a& had not been made.

XIV. And be it further ena£led by the authority afore-, faid, That all and every perfon and perfons who fhall have &c. on faid any m jrtgage or mortgages on fuch ferry or ferries, or who ferries, how ?o fhall have any judgment or judgments, or other irteum- arpUed. brances upon the fame, or any part thereof, (hall on the tender and payment of the principal money and intereft due thereon by the faid commifiioners, or the fucceffors of them, or any five or more of them, or by fuch perfon or perfons as they fhall appoint, immediately affign fuch mortgage or mort gages, judgment or judgments, or other incumbrances to the faid commiffioners, or the fucceffors of them, or any five or more of them, or to fuch perfon or perfons as they the faid commiffioners, or the fucceffors of them, or any five or more of them, fhall appoint in truft for them ; and iu cafe fuch mortgagee or mortgagees, judgment creditors, or other perfon or per- . fons entitled to faid incumbrances, (hall have notice in writing from the faid commiffioners, or the fucceffors of their* or any five or more of them, that they will pay off and dif-charge the principal and intereft which fhall be due on the faid mortgage or mortgages, judgment and judgments, and other incumbrances, at the end or expiration of fix mouths, to be computed from fuch notice given, and that at the end of (aid fix months, on payment of the principal and intercit fo due, fuch mortgagee or mortgagees, judgment creditors* or other perfons entitled to the faid incumbrances, fhall re-fufe, negleft, or omit fo to affigu as aforefaid, on fuch tender or payment, then, and in fuch cafe, all intereft on	*

every fuch mortgage or mortgages, judgment or judgments, or other incumbrances as afoieiaid, (hali ceafe and determine.

K a	XV.	Aud

Mnr taro errm

Digitized by CjOOQle

^4$	7betwcatyfixth Ytar of George 111.

Ai D. XV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, 1786. .That upon payment of the principal and interefl due on Chap. 28. any mortgage or mortgages, judgment or judgments, or

----- other incumbrances as aforefaid, into the bank of Ireland,

Such principal at the end of Hx months from fuch notice as aforefaid, fox

maVb'c'piid in- thc ufc of the-/mortgagee or mortgagees, judgment credi-to the bauk. tors, or other perfon3 entitled to faid incumbrances as afore.

/aid, the cadiier or cafliiers of the faid bitrtk (hall give a receipt for the faid money, in like manner as is herein before directed in cafes of payments into the faid bank, and thereupon aH the eftate, right, title, intereil, ufe, trull, property, claim, aud demand of the faid mortgagee or mortgagees, judgment creditors, and other perfons entitled to faid incumbrances, and of every perfon or perfems in trail for him, her, or them, fhall vcfl in the faid commiffioners, and they fiiall be deemed to be in the a&ual feizin or pofteffion of thc ferry or ferries comprized in fuch mortgage or mortgages, and to hold the fame difeharged and exonerated from (aid judgments and incumbrances as afurefaid, to all intent* and purposes wliaifoever.

Sums to be XVI. And be it further enabled bv the authority afore-to HS aciree-	That	all fums of money, or other confideration, rc-

ments. Sec. as compence, or fatisfaftion to be paid and made purfuant to herein.	any fuch agreement or verdi61 as aforefaid, or which fhall

be due on any fuch mortgage, judgment, or other incumbrance as aforefaid, fhall be and arc hereby charged and chargeable upon all money which fhall be raifed or received for the purpofes of this a£l, and fiiall be tendered to the party or parties entitled to the fame ; and in cafe of rtfufal to accept the fame, fhall be paid into the bank of Ireland in the names cf any perfon or perfons appointed by the faid commiffioners, or their fucceflors, or any five or more of them, in truft for fuch perfon and perfons as (hall be entitled to receive the fame before the faid commiffioners .	fhall proceed to annul or difpofe of the aforefaid ferry or

femes.

Expenccs in- XVII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbn> C ai^ou/of fums	That all fuch cofls, charges, and expences, as the faid

arifmg thereby, commiffioners, or their fucceflors, fhall be at, or put to in the execution of the trulls and powers hereby vefted in them, fhall be paid out of fuch monies as the faid com-miffioners, or the fucceflors of them, or any five or more of them, fhall receive for the purpofes of this ad, and alfo, that all fuch coils and charges as fhall be expended in the preparing, drawing, obtaining, and paffing this ad, together w ith legal interefl for the fame, from the time of advancing the fame, until paid, fhall be paid in the firft place oul of the tolls herein after mentioned.

2	XVIII.	And

Digitized by Google

Comniiflion •

The twentyfixth Tear of George I IT.

XVIII. And be it farther enaded bv the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or the fucceffors of them, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to impofe any reafonable fine, not exceeding the fum of ten pounds, on any fheriff or (herifffi, or their deputy or deputies, bailiffs or agents toVne die ftc-rcfoedively, who fhall make any default in the premifT:?, riff, Arc. who and on any perfon or perfons who fhall be fummoned and become de. returned on any fuch jury or juries, or fhall be added to the original pannel or pannels thereof, who fhall not appear, and alfo on any witnefs or witnefTes who fhall not attend, or fhall attend, and refufe to be fworn, or who being fworn* fhall refufe to give evidence; and on any perfon fummoned and returned, or impannelled as aforefaid, on fuch jury or juries who fhall refufe to be fworn on any fuch jury or juries, or being fworn thereon, fhall not give his or their verdid, or fliall in any other manner wilfully ncgled his or their duty in or touching the premifTes contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, and from time to time to levy fuch fine or fines by order of tfie faid commiflioners, or the fuccefTors of them, or any five or more of them as aforefaid, as the cafe may require, by dillrtfs and fale of die offender’s goods,'together with the reafonable charges of every fuch diflrefs and fale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owners, and all the fines which (hail be fo recovered and received fhall be applied towards the purpofes of this ad.

XIX.	And be it further cnaded by the authority * To difeharge aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the juries, &ec. faid commiflioners, or their fucceffors, or any five or more

of them, from time to time at their difcrction to difeharge fuch jones as fhall be returned to try any matte? 3 before them, and alfo from time to time to iffue a new’ warrant or precept dire&ed to the fheriffs of the county of the city of Cork, to impannel and return fuch competent number of fubftantial and difiriterefled perfons, qualified to ferve on juries for faid city, in like manner as is herein before di-reded, to attend the faid commiflioners at fuch time and place as in fuch warrant or precept from time to time fliall he direded and appointed, until they fliall he discharged by the faid commiflioners, or the fucceffors of them, or any' five or more of them.

XX.	And to the intent the navigation of the faid north- Said bridge

em branch cr channel of the faid river Lee, running through mull be fo con-the faid city and fuburbs thereof, may receive no prejudice :	e	pailuee

be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid* for ihips. bridge fo to be eroded or built over the faid northern

channel of the fctid river Lee, in any part of the citv of

Cork

Digitized by CjOOQie

I

The twentyfixtb Tear of George III.

A. D. 1786.

Corn mi fli oners with the confent of the perfons herein may remove, £rc. any lifting or portcullis bridge.

Ho houfe,

Ate. to be built on faiil bridge, without confcnt of commiffion-ers.

Defraying any part of (aid bridge. Sec. deemed felony.

No coaeh to ftand on faid bridge, &c.

Cork or fuburbs thereof, below the faid north bridge to he appointed as aforefaid, (hall be fo conflru&ed and built as that there (hall remain a free and open paflage for (hips and vef-fels to pafs and repafs through the famp ; and that for fuch purpofe, the (aid bridge fo to be built over faid northern channel of faid river as aforefaid, (hall contain one or more lifting ^>r port cullis bridge or bridges of at leall twenty-eight feet in the clear in length.

XXI.	Provided alfo, and be it enacled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid com-tniilioners and their fucceflors, or any five or more of them, by and with the confent and approbation of the mayor, (hcriffs, and commonality of faid city in court of Doycr Hundred affembled, purfuant to notice as aforefaid, and by and with the confent and approbation of the governors and chief commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue at any time or times to remove, pull down, and take away any lifting or port ctjUis bridge, or lifting and port Cullis bridges as aforesaid, and to otherwife complete and perfedt the fame as to the faid commiflioners or their fucceflors, or any five or more of them (hall feem neceffary and convenient.

XXII.	And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall not he lawful to eredl any houfe or building, or any (land 6r (lands for fale of any wares or otherwife upon the faid bridge to be fo built, other than fuch gates and toll-houfe3 herein after mentioned, as by the (aid commiflioners and their fucceflors, or any five or more of them (hall be ordered or diredled.

XXIII.	And for the preventing wilful and malicious damaging or destroying the faid bridge fo to be built, or any part thereof, or hindering or interrupting the building of the fame: be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or pepfops (hall wilfully or malicioufly, and. without authority from the fai<J commiflioners or the fuc-ceflors of them, 01 any §vc or raore of them, pull down or deflroy the faid bridge or any part thereof, or remove or take away any works thereto belonging, or direft or procure the fame to be done, whereby the faid bridge or the works thereof may be damaged, or the lives of the paffen-gers be endangered, fuch offender or offenders being thereof lawfully convidted, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer as a felon.

XXIV.	And for the more effedlually keeping the paflage or paffages over faid intended bridge, free and clear from any obftrudlion of hackney coaches, carts, cars, truckles, drays, and other carriages (landing o^ the faid bridge fo to be built, or within the Tpace of one hundred yards on either fide of the fame refpedlively: be it ena&ed by the authority

afbrdaid.

Digitized by UooQle

i

The twenty fixib Tear of George H(.	1Si	:

aforefaid, That when the faid bridge (hall be completely A. D. finiftied and made paflable, it (hall not be lawful for any 1786. coachman or driver, to ftand or ply for hire with any coach Chap. 28. or other carriage whatfoever, or to have any empty coach c—	*.

or carriage on the faid bridge, or within the fpace of one hundred yards on either fide of the fame refpedivcly, or for auy carman, carter, drayman, or driver of any carriage whatfoever, wilfully to ftand or remain with any cart, car, dray, truckle, or other carriage upon the faid bridge, or within the drftance aforefaid reipedively, or for any perfon or perfona to put any filth, dung, allies, or rubbilh on the faid bridge, or to do any ad which may be an annoyance there ; and that every perfon fo offending therein as afore-iaid, and being thereof eonvided, upon complaint made before the mayor of the faid city of Cork, or fome other * juftice of the peace for the county of the faid city, either upon the Confefliou of the party, or the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, which oath fuch mayor or other juftice is and ara hereby required to adminifter, (hall forfeit and . pay for every fuch offence fiich fum, not cx- ' cccding twenty (hillings, nor lefs than two (hillings and fix- * pence, as faid mayor or juftice (bill dired, the fame to go acd be applied between the parties informing againft, and apprehending every fuch offender and offenders, ip fuch (hares and proportions as the mayor or juftice before whom the party or parties offending (hall be eonvided, (hall dired, and in default of immediate payment thereof, the offender or offenders (hall be committed by the mayor or juftice before whom he, (lie, or they (hall be eonvided, to the Bridewell of the faid city, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two days, as the mayor or fuch juftice (hall think fit to order.

XXV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, Noonhrof That no order which (hall be made by any juftice or juftic^s

by virtue or under this ad, or any other proceedings to be	i'oim,

had touching the convidion or convictions of auy offender

or offenders againft this ad, (hall be quafiied or vacated for

want of form only, or be removed or removcable by e riio-

rariy or any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of

bis Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin.

XXVI.	And for as much as the ereding ajid building 1 oil fo be faid bridge, fo intended to be built, and the repairing, pre- Jor ferving, and fupporting the fame, and the purchafmg fuch p°^ng*Y«uJ * ferry or ferries, as ply for hire over the faid northern chan- ^j.i.rc,

nel of the faid river Lee, and as may he necelfory to be ‘

^urchafed, mud be attended with confiderable charge and ’ expeoce : be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and- fyr the faid commifiioncrs,

and

*5*  A. D.  1786. Chap. z8.	The tmmtyfixth Tear of George III.  and the fucceffors of them, oi any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to take and re.  ; ceive, or caufe to be taken or received, id the nature of a toll, before any paflage over the faid bridge thall be permit-ted, any fum which the faid comraiflioners, or the fuccef-fors of them, or any five or more of them, at any meeting or meeting* ihali direct, not exceeding the following rates* for every coach, cha:iot, berlin, ehaife, chair, or calalb, drawn by fix or more horfes, one [hilling and one penny; for every coach, chariot, berlin, chaiie, ehair, or calaAi drawn by lef6 than fix or more titan two horfes, fix pence halfpenny ; for every coach, chariot, berlin, ehaife, chair* or calafh, drawn by two horfes or mules, three pence; for every waggon, wain, car, cart, or carriage of burthen, or other carriage with four wheels, drawn by four or more horfes, or ether beads, one [hilling and one penny j and by lefs than four horfes or beads, fix pence halfpenny ; for every waggon, wain, car, cart, and carriage of burthen, with two wheels, drawn by more than one horfe or other bead, three pence ; for every waggoo, wain, car* cart, or carriage of burthen with two wheels, drawn by pne horfe or other bead, one halfpenny ; for every horfe, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, one halfpenny ; for ever^ drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, five pence by the fcorc, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier number not lefs than four, one halfpenny each for every fcore of calves, hogs, fheep, goaor lambs*- two pence halfpenny by the {core, and fo in proportion for every greater or lefs number ; for every paflenger palling over faid bridge, one halfpenny each, except fuch perfon or perfona as Ihali be driven m any fuch coach, chariot, berlin, ehaife, chair, or calafh, and the driver or drivers thereof, and the footman or footmen, fervant or fervants thereof, Handing behjnd the fame ; and the faid commiflipners, and fucceflors of them, or any five of them, and any perfon or perfons by them thereto authorized, as herein after mentioned, is and are hereby empowered to levy the tolls or duties hereby required, or which hereafter may be required, to be paid by any perfon or perfons who [hall after demand thereof, make, negkcl, or refufe to pay the fame as aforefaid, or to deny or hinder any padage over the faid bridge lad mentioned, until payment thereof, which faid tolls or duties fhall or may be levied by di It refs of any horfe or horfes, or other cattle or goods upon which fuch tolls or duties are bv this a£l impofed, or upon any other of the goods and chattels of fuch perfon and perfons as ought to pay the fame, and all fuch horfes and other cattle or goods may be detained, until fuch tolls or duties, with the reafonable charges of  fuch

■lx.''.

Digitized by Google

Ybt twentyJt^th Tear of George llli	If?

fuch diftrcfs (hall be paid; and it {ball be lawful for the pck* * A. D, foo or perfons fo diitraining, after* the fpace of four dayt 1786. after fuch dillrefs made or taken, to fell the cattle or other Chap. z8» goods or chattels fo diftrained by publick audion, for pay* meat of the tolls or duties, tendering to the owner or owners thereof the overplus upon demand) after fatisfa&ion of the laid tolls or duties, and the reasonable charges in add about makiug fuch diitrefs and (ale, and keeping the * farito.

XXVII.	And be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid,	atesta

That it fliail and may be lawful fpr the laid commiHionerB,, ^	v

and the fucceflors of them, or any hue or more of them, herein, &c. and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cre& and place a toU-houfe or tolhkoufat, and a toll-gate or tolh gates in or near laid bridge, and the faid commifEoncrs, and. the fucceflors of them, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered, and any perfon and perfons by them thereto authorized as herein after mentioned, are hereby empowered to receive at fuch gate or gates, the talk or duties required by virtue of this ad, to be paid before the paflage of any perfon, cattle or carriage through the laid gate or gates, and that any perfon forcing a pafiage through fuch gate or gates for hirafelf or herfclf, his or her carriage, carriages, or cattle, aad not paying the due and regulated tolls as aforefaid, or to be regulated as herein after mentioned, may for fuch offence be fummoned perfonally, or by st fuxmnons left at his or her ufual place of abode, with foime perfou refiding therein of the age of fixteen years and upwards, at the inffance of the faid coinmiflioners, or of the perfon or perfons appointed by them to receive the fame* one day before the day on which his or her appearance ftafr be required to appear before the mayor of the laid dty, or one of the juilices of the peace for the county of fiud city, who (hall hear and determine the merits of the faid complaint in a fummary way, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or by the confeflion of the par- -ty, which oath or oaths fuch mayor or juftice of the peace is hereby required and empowered taadmraiffcr, and to enquire into and determine upon any offence as aforefiud, and {hall in the cafe of proof of any fuch offence as aforefaid, whether the party complained againft appears or not, if the fervice of the fummons be duly proved, adjudge the petioii or perfons guilty of the fame, to pay to the laid commif-fioners, or their fucceflors, or any five or more of them, or to the perfon and perfons by them thereto authorized as aforefaid, to receive, and collect the tolls aforefaid, any fnm not exceeding ten (hillings llerling, with the ncceffary cofta and charges; and in cafe fuch complaint fbaU appear

groundlefa

Digitized by v^ooQle

The tzorriy-fixth Tear of George III.

A D

1786. Chap. 28.

Damaging the toll-gates &c or obftru&iog

the collcdors penalty sol.

grouadlefs and unjuft, then fuch mayor or juft ice of the peace (hall adjudge to the perfon or perfons fo unjuftly complained again ft, any fum not exceediug ten fttiHings fterling, to be paid by the perfon fo preferring fuch unjuft complaint, and in either cafe the fum to be adjudged by fuch mayor or juftice of the peace, if not paid immediately by the perfon or perfons adjudged to pay the fame, (hall and may be levied by a warrant of diftrefs under the band and feal of fuch mayor or juftice of the peace, on the goods and chattels of the perfon or perfons fo adjudged to pay the fame, and the £o6ds and chattels fo diftrained, mall and may on any day after the fpace of four days from the time of diftraining the fame, and within the fpacc of ten days, be publickly fold by the perfon to whom the Dud warrant of diftrefs (ball be granted, and out of the produce thereof, the fum fo adjudged (hall be paid to the perfon or perfons fo empowered to receive the fame, and if any overplus (hall remain after deducing the faid fum adjudged, and the neceffary cods and charges, the fame (hall be paid over to the owner or owners of the goods and chattels fo diftrained and fold as aforefaid.

XXVIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hail wilfully and malicioufly deftroy, break, pull down, or damage any gate or gates, toll-houfe or toll-houfcs, ere&ed by virtue of this a&, or (hall prevent or obftruft the ere&ion of any fuch gate or gates, or any fuch toll-houfe or toll-houfes, or (hall obftrud any colle&or, or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever employed for that purpofe by the (aid commifitoners, or their iucccffoft, or any Eve or more of them, in the performance and execution thereof, each and every perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof convi&ed by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes before the mayor of faid city, or one or moK juftice or juftices of the peace of the county of the faid city, (hall for every offence forfeit the fum of tweaty pounds, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of every fuch offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and feal of the faid mayor or juftice, or under the hands and (eals of the faid juftice or juftices before whom fuch coovi&ion (hall be made; and in cafe the perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof convi&ed, (hall have no goods or chattels whereout the fame cat bt fo levied, it (hail and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor, juftice or juilices, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or their hands and feals, to commit.fuch offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county of the faid city of Cork, for any fpace of time not exceeding three calendar months, noi left than three calendar months from the day of fuch commitment.

XXIX. And

The twenty fixtb Tear of George III.

XXIX.	And be it enaffced by the authority aforefaid* That on fome convenient and puhlick place on fuch bridge, and near the toll-gate or toll-gates thereon, there (hall be affixed a board or Hone, on which (hall be diftin&ly painted or carv«d a fchedule of the tolls aforefaid, under the penalty of twenty (hillings, to be recovered by any perfon or per-fons from, fuch gate-keeper, by civil bill, at the affixes for the county of the faid city.

XXX.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid commiffioners, or their fucceflors, or any five or more of them, (hall or may, by writing under their hands and Teals, St a meeting to be had for that purpofe, giving fourteen days previous notice of fuch meeting, in the publick news-papers of faid city, appoint one or more clerk or clerks, treasurer or treafurers, receiver or receivers of monies to be raifed, by and for the purpofes of this a6t, and fo from time to time to appoint others as they (hall find neceflary and convenient, and alfo fuch other officer or officers as the faid commiffioners, or their fucceflors, or any five or more of them (hall think neceflary ; and the (aid com-miflioner8, or their fucceflors, or any five or more of them, (hall and may take fufficient fecurity for due execution of the refpe&ive offices, by fuch perfons as the faid commiffioners, or the fucceflors of them, or any five or more of them (hall think proper; and the commiffioners, or their fucceflors, or any five or more of them, may from time to time, remove at‘their will or pleafure, any of fuch officers, or other perfon, and appoint others in the room of fuch as (hall be removed or die, and (hall and may, out of the money raifed by this a61, make reafonable allowance to the trdafur-ers, receivers, clerks, or other officers fo appointed, for and in coniideration of their offices, and to fuch other perfons as (hall be aiding and adding m the execution of this a6f.

XXXI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That as foon as conveniently may be, after the treafurer to the faid commiffioners, (hall at any time have received one hundred pounds and upwards, monies appointed to be received by him, by virtue and for the purpofes of this a6f, he (hall from time to time, pay the fame into fuch bank in faid city, as to faid commiffioners and their fucceflors, or any five or more of them, (hall feem fit, in the name and on account of faid commiffioners, and to be difpofed of by order of the faid commiffioners, or their fucceflors, or any five or more of them, for the purpofes of this a6f.

XXXII.	And to the end that the faid ^tolls and duties may be duly accounted for: be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and

for

* *55

A fchedule of the tolls to be paiuted on the bi idge.

Clerks, ficc. to be appointed, as herein.

When treafurer receives tool, he (hall pay the fame mto the bank

Receivers, Ac. of the tolls to be appointed, as herein.



Digitized by Google



i56

A. D. 1786. Chap. 28.

Exacting more than icgil toil, penalty 5!.

Tolls m.iy he let annually.

Tbt twenty fixth Tear of George III.

for the lard commiflioners, and their fucceflbrs, or any five or more of them, to nominate and appoint fuch perfon or prrfons to be receiver or receivers, colledor or colledors of the laid tolls and duties, as they (hall think fit, and all per-fons by this ad liable to pay the laid tolls or duties, or any of them, arc hereby required to pay the fame after the rates aforefaid, to fuch receiver or receivers, colledor or collec- % tors, and all fuch receivers and colledors (hall refpedively pay the fame, either to the treafurer of the laid commiflioners, or into fuch publick bank in laid city, as to the faid commiflioners, and their fuccefTors, or *ny five or more of them, (hall feem fit, and that fuch receiver or receivers, colledor or colledors aforefaid, (hall alfo upon oath, if required by the faid commiflioners, and their fucceffors, or any five or more of them, which oath the faid commiflioners, and their fucceflbrs, orany five or more of them, are hereby empowered to adminifter, from time to time, give in a true, exact, and perfed account in writing, under their refpec-tfvt hands, of all monies which they and every of them, (hail to fuch refpedive times have, received, paid, and dif-burfed by virtue of this ad, or by reafon of their refpedive offices, for which oath no fee or reward (hall be taken, and the fame may be taken without any ftamp; and in cafe any fuch receiver or receivers, colledor or colledors of the faid tolls and duties, (hall not make fuch account and payment, as by this ad is direded, then any jufticc or juflices of the peace for tbe county of the city of Cork, (hall commit fuch party or parties refilling or negleding fo to do, to the publick gaol of the county of faid city, there to remain until he or they (hall have made a true account and payment as aforefaid, or compoundfor the fame with the commiflioners, or their fucceflbrs, or any five or more of them, and pay the money by every fuch compofition llipulated to be paid, which compofition faid commiflioners, or their fucceflbrs, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorized from time to time to make and receive, if they fhall fo think fit, in full (atisfadion for all money that fhall be then due from fuch perfon or perfons.	‘

XXXIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any receiver or receivers, colledor or colledors of the faid tolls and duties, (hall exad from, or compel any perfon to pay any duty or toll, not authorized by this ad, fach receiver or receivers, colledor or colledors, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit five pounds, to be recovered in a fummary way before the faid mayor, or juftice or juftices of laid city, by any perfon from whom any unlawful toll or duty fhall be fo exaded.

XXXIV.	Provided always, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners, and their fucceffors, or any

five

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-ft xth Tear ef George III,

five or more of them, todemife or let on every fit fl Monday in each and every month of September, during the conti-r»viance of faid tolls, by publick cant ou the Exchange of laid city, firft giving eight days notice thereof in the publicity news-papers, and polling the fame in the Exchange of £&id city, the faid tolls, or any tolls appointed by virtue of tliia aft, for any term not excecdingone year, at the high eft rent that (hall be offered and bid for the fame by a folvcnt tenant or tenants ; and the faid coramiflioners, or their fuc-cefTors, or any five or more of them, are hereby required :and empowered, under their hands and feals, to appoint the laid tenant or tenants thereof, his or their fervant or Ten ants, to receive and coileft faid tolls for fuch term as aforefaid, and to ereft fuch toll-gate or toll-gates as aforefaid ; and the faid commifiioners are hereby empowered to make and ordain fuch rules and regulations as they or their fucceffors, or any five or more of them, fhall judge neceflary and expedient for the better collefting the tolls as aforefaid.

XXXV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Th^t the faid commifiioners, or their fucceffors, or any five or more of them, fhall or may, and they arc hereby empowered from time to time, by writing under their common feal? and to be figped by five or more of faid commifiioners, or their fucceffors, to convey or afiign the faid tells or duties, or any part or parts thereof, the cofls and charges whereof are to come, and be paid out of fuch tolls or duties for any term not exceeding twenty-one years, to fecure the repayment €>f any fum or fums of money by them to be advanced to the faid commifiioners, or their fucceffors, for the purpofe of enabling^them to purchafe fuch ferry or ferries, and for the other pufpofes of this aft, to fuch perfon or perfons, or their truftees, as fhall advance or lend the fame, together with an annuity in lieu of intercfl, Pot exceeding the rate of eight pound* by the hundred for fuch fums as fhall be advanced on the credit of faid tolls or duties, fuch conveyance or conveyances to be fubjeft to redemption upon payment of the fums fo advanced, together with fuch annuity or annuities as aforefaid; and the fum or Turns fo advanced, fhall be applied and difpofed'of for the purchaflpg of fuch ferry or ferries, and for the other purpofes of this aft ; and the per-fdn fo lending and advancing upon the credit of the faid tolls appointed by virtue of this aft as aforefaid, fhall not be an-fwerable or accountable for the application, or non-applicatiop of faid money or monies fo lent or advanced ; and it fhall be neceflary on any fuit or controverfy whatfoever, relative to the fum io lent or advanced, for fuch perfon or perfons fo lending or advancing as aforefaid, to prove only the advancing and payment of the fame to the laid treafurer; and in all

cafes

commiffioners to moke rub*, See.

Tolls may b« conveyed or af-Cgned for %t years, as hereim.

Digitized by LjOOQle

Conveyance may be transferred by endorfc-rncnt.

Treafurer to •umber tHc conveyance* or aflign merits, as herein.

Perfons to whom fuch conveyances, dec, (kali be made, (hall be deemed creditors on luch tolls,

when there (hall be a fur-plus of 1000I. the numbers of the fecuritics fhallbe written on tickets, put into a box, and drawn as herein.

The tvuaUy-JIxtb Tear of George III.

cafes where any notice orproccfsout of any court of law or equity relative to this a&, (hall be ncceflary to be ferved on the faid commiffionerq, fervice of the fame on the treafurer appointed by the faid commiffioners under this a&, (haH be deemed good and fufficient to all intents and purpofes.

XXXVI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all perfons to whom fuch conveyance, affigninent, or fecurity (hall be made, or w ho (hall be entitled to the money thereby fecured, may from time to time transfer and aflign their right, title, iotereft, and benefit, in and to faid conveyance, alignment, or fccurities, and the principal and annuity thereby fecured to any perfon or perfons, by writing or indorsement on fuch fecurities, and fuch transfer or affign-ment (hall entitle fuch afiignee, his or her executors, admi-niftrators, and afilgns, to all benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and fuch afiignee may in like manner aflign and transfer the fame again, and after fuch aflignment it (hall not be in the power of fuch perfon who (hall have made fuch affignment, to make void or difeharge the originalfeciiritics, or monies due as afoiefaid.

XXXVII.	And it is hereby enabled and declared. That the faid treafurer (hall number all the conveyances or aflign-ments by way of fecurity as aforefaid, which (hall be executed as aforefaid, in pursuance of this a&, as they (hall be fo executed, commencing with number one, and fo continuing the numbers until the whole be numbered ; and the faid treafurer upon notice, and at the requeft of fuch af-fignee, (hall make an entry or memorial of fuch endorsement or endorfement8, in a book to be by him kept for that pur-pofe, without charge, fee, or reward, and (hall, on the like requeft, permit the fame to be viewed and infpefted without fee or reward.

XXXVIII.	And be it ena&ed and declared by the authority aforefaid, That all perfons to whom fuch conveyances or afltgnments (hall be made, their executors, adminiftrators, or afilgns, (hall be in proportion to the fums mentioned therein Tefpe&ively, creditors on fuch tolls and duties, and (hall be paid thereout by the faid commiffioners, or their fucceffors, or any five or more of them, or by the perfons fo appointed by them, the annuity mentioned in fuch aflign -ment or conveyance, and from and after the payment of the annuities therein mentioned, and as often as any furplus or exceeding of the faid tolls or duties hereby appointed, (hall be received by the faid commifiioners, or their fuccelfois, or any five or more of them, that fuch furplus or exceeding (hall amount to the fum of one thoufand pounds, then the faid commiffioners, or their fucceflors, or any five or more of them, (hall caufc the numbers of fuch fecurities, or fo

much

Digitized by

Google

7 be iwnty-jixth Year of George III.

much thereof as (hall remain unpaid, and the Aims therein contained to be written on feveral tickets or pieces of parchment, and to be rolled and fewed up, and put into a box or urn, and well mixed together, and an indifferent perfon (ball publickly, between the hours of twelve at noon and two in the afternoon of the dzy to be by the faid cornmif-fioners, or their fucceffors, or any five or more of them, publickly advertized in the news-papers of faid city, at leaft twenty days before, at the council-chamber of faid city, draw out of fuch box or urn, fo many of the faid tickets or pieces of parchment, as the fums therein contained fhall amount to the fum of one thoufand pounds.

XXXIX.	And be it enadtad by the authority aforefald, That the perfons, the number of whofe fecurilies fhall be fo drawn, their executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, fhall within twenty days after the tickets or pieces of parchment fhall be drawn, be paid By the faid commiffioners, or their fucceffors, or any five or more of them, or by the treafurer as aforefaid, the principal funis to them refpeflively due, with the annuity agreed for the fame, and fhall upon payment thereof deliver their refpc&ive fccurities to the faid commitiioners, or their fucceffors, or any five or more of them, to be cancelled, which they are hereby required to cancel accordingly, and the annuities payable by virtue of fiich conveyances fhall ceafe from the repayment of faid rr-fpcdlive principal Aims.

XL- Provided neverthelefs, and be it ena&ed, That if the faid commiffioners, or their fucceffors, fhall find any deficiency or obflrudlion in raifing a fufficient fum or Aims of money from^ time to time for the purchafing of fuch ferry or ferries, and for the other purpofes of this adt, they fhall and may be and are hereby empowered to raife the fame in any other manner they, or five or more of them, fhall judge necefiary.

XLI. And whereas perfons will be induced more readily to lend money on the credit of the tolls aforefaid in cafe all charges and incumbrances affedring the fame wefre fully ex-preffed and afeertained in and by this ad : be it ,enadlcd by the authority aforefaid. That the tolls aforefaid, or any tolls fo to be appointed by virtue of this a&, fhall be charged and chargeable in the firft place with the cofts of the preparing, drawing, obtaining, and paifing this adt, and after the fame fhall be paid, then with the Aims of money to be expended in the ere&ing and building fuch bridge, and in repairing, preferving, and fupporting the fame when built, and alio with the Aim or fums of money to be expended in the pur-qhafing faid ferry or ferries in faid city or fuburbs, and alfo with eredting a toll-houfe, or houfes, toll-gate or gates, together

The perfons whofe fccurities ftnll be drawn, fhall be paid within 30 days.

CommUfion-ers to raife money as herein.

Sums to be paid out of faid tolls.

Digitized by kjOOQle

i6o

The twenty ftxth Tear of George III.

Tolls may be lowered before

gether with fitch intered a3 aforefaid, or fat'd cofts, fums of money, and expences as aforefaid, and alfo with the falaries to be appointed by the (aid commiflioners, or their fucceflors, or any five or more of them, for the clerk and treafurer to be chofen as aforefaid, and with ho other colts, charges, or expences whatfoever.

XLII. Provided nevertheless, That at any time before the expiration of faid term of twenty-one years it (hall and the expiration of njay foe lawful for the faid commiflioners, and the fucceffor* at ai years. 0f them> or any five or more Gf them, to lower the tolls payable as aforefaid, or any of them, to any leffer fum or fums ; and that in cafe the faid commiflioners, and their fuc-ceflors, fhali not have receded from time to time within the faid term of twenty-one years out of the monies arifing from # the tolls hereby appointed, the original fum expended in the building fuch bridge, with the amount of faid annuities, over and above the feveral expences fo as aforefaid charged and chargeable, that then and in fuch cafe it fhali be lawful for the faid commiflioners, and the fucceflors of them, or any five or more of them, to continue the tolls hereby appointed, and to empower any perfon or perfons to collet and receive the fame as aforefaid, and to fue for and recover the fame by diftrefs, or the other ways and methods aforefaid until payment of the original fum.

Any of the XLIII. And be it enaftfed by the authority aforefaid, toll* may be re- That the faid commiflioners, or their fucceflors, or any five fcimhd.	or	mort	0f	them, fhali and may refeind any of faid tolls, as

they (hall judge proper ; provided, that a fufficiency be left for the payment of the aforefaid fecunties.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the expiration of twenty-one years, to be computed from the completing and opening the faid bridge, the faid tolls, and all tolls appointed by virtue of this aft, fhali ceafe, and be utterly void, and the paflage of fuch bridge fhali be opened and free to _all cattle, carriages, and perfons whatfoever, in cafe the monies which fhali have been advanced or borrowed on the credit of laid tolls, and the cods, charges, and expences hereby chargeable and charged on fuch tolls, fliall be then fully paid ana fatisfied, and if fuch fums, cods, and expences, fliall not have been then paid, then fo foon after the expiration of the faid twety-ty-one years, as the fame fhali have been fo paid; and in cafe any fum of moijey or furplus arifing from the receipt of the tolls aforefaid, (hall at the expiration of the faid terni of twenty-one years, remain in the hands of "the faid commif-fioners, or their fucceflors, after payment of the feveral cofls, charges, and expences hereby charged and chargeable upon the lame, the faid furplus (ball within one year after

the

The tolls fliall ceafe after faid *i years, as herein.

Digitized by

Google

4	The	twentyfxlb	Tear	of George III.

the end of (aid term of twenty-ont years, be applied or dif-pofed of to fuch ufe or ufes for the improving faid city and fuburbs thereof, as the (aid commifiioners, or their fucceflors, or any five or more of them, by and with the confcnt of the faid court of Doyer hundred (hall dired and appoint, or in default thereof, faid furplus may be fued for and recovered from them by the mayor, fheriffs, and commonalty of faid city, who are hereby required to apply faid furplus to faid purpofes.

XLV Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby enaded

and declared, That the faid commifiioners, or their fuccef- erftto de,,ver an r	r.	e	n	11	•	5	annual account

fora, or any five or more of them, (hall yearly and every as herein.

year before the committee which from time to time (hall be chofen by the faid corporation in the faid court of Doyer hundred affembled, to audit and fettle the accounts of the chamberlain of (aid corporation, give in a true, exad, and perfed account in writing under their refpedive hands, of all monies which the (aid commifiioners (hall to fuch time or times have received, paid, or di(burfcd by virtue of this ad, and the (aid committee are hereby empowered and required to adjufi faid accounts, and (Irike a balance on the fame, to be approved of by faid court, or other wife in like manner as the accounts of the chamberlain of the faid city are referred, reported to, and approved of by faid court.

XLVI. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after one calendar month from the paffingof porated, mcor~ this ad, the faid commifiioners, and their fucceflors (hall, for the purpofes of the purchafing of fuch ferry and ferries, and for other purpofes of this ad, and, until the expence of the (aid bridge, and the colls and charges chargeable thereon, and all other the coils and expences herein before mentioned, (hall be fully paid and fatisfied, and no longer, be one body corporate, by the name of commifiioners for building a bridge over the northern channel of the river Lee in the city of Cork, and fuburbs thereof, and (hall have one common feal, and may be fued in all courts of law or equity, in any caufe or caufes, or fuits by or againft them, and may take any fecurities upon any contrj&s by them for any purpofes herein before mentioned, in order to the more effedu-ally carrying this ad into execution.

XLVII. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, Aaion* and That no adion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any per- fait* ag..inft fon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, perfons a&ing until eight days notice in writing (ball be given to the cleric or treasurer to the faid commifiioners by the plaintiff in fuch adion or fuit, nor (hall be continued, unlefs at the peril of the plaintiff, after fufficicnt fatisfadion or tender thereof Vol. VIII.	L	made

Commifii On-

Digitized by

I62

Llt'f twnty-Jixt'p Year of George IH.

made to the parties aggrieved, nor (hall be inftituted or commenced, unlcfs within fix months after the fact committed For which fuch action or fuit (hail be brought, and every fuch action (hail be brought and tried in the county of the city of Cork, and not elJewhere, and the defendant or defendants in fuch aflion or fuits, may plead the general ifiiie, and give tiiis act and the fpeckl matter in evidence at any -trial thereupon, and that the matter or thing for which fuch action or fuit (hall be fo brought, was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft, and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch fait be brought before eight dear days notice as aforefaid, after fufneient fa-tisfaftion be made or tendered as aforefaid, or if fuch fuit be not commenced within the .time before limited, or be laid in any other enmity or place than as aforefaid, then the jury (hall fmd for the defendant or defendants, and if there be a verdift for fuch defendant'or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs be non-fuited,«-or faffer a difcontinuance cf hiv her, or tbrir action or aftions, or if a verdict (haH pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs by default, or upon any de-muVrcr, judgment (hall be (b given for the faid defendant or defendants in any of the cafes aforefaid, fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts, and (hall have fuch remedy for recovering the fame as any defendant now hath for colls in other cates by law4

XLVIIJ. And it is hereby enafted by the authority ’ aforefaid, That the mayor of the city of Cork for the thne being, at the rcquelt of any five of the faid commiffioncr*, or their fucctfibrs, dignified in writing, and by them figned, fhiili from time to time fummoit, or caufe to be fumraoned, each and every of the faid commiflioners, or their fucceffors, rcfidJng in the-faid city, and the liberties thereof, to meet at fuch time and place as in faid fummons fhall be expreffed, and lhall lihewife Caufe fuch meeting, and the time and place thereof to be publickly advertifed in the news-papers cf the (aid city, one w eek at lead before fuch meeting, aad no lefe a number of the faid commiflioners, or their fucceffors, than five (hall be qualified to aft at fuch meeting or meetings. XLIX. Provided alwajs, That nothing herein contained .	(hall extend, or be deemed, confirmed, or taken to'extcnd

* C to prejudice or affeft, or prevent or hinder the mayor, (he-riffs, or commonalty of the city of Cork from demanding and receiving the ufual and cuftomary tolls and duties paya-bit to the mayor, fheriffs, and commonalty of faid city, as they have heretofore'received the fame, but the find mayor, fheriffs, and commonalty, and their fucceffors, fhall have power and be at liberty to receive the tolls, duties, and culloms paid to and received by them in fuch manner as has been ufiihl and cuftomary in faid city and the fuburbs thereof

L. And

The mayor m«* v iummon a mcec'ng as'

iiticin.

No:l«hi> herein to ptejmltce

The twentyyixth Tear of Georg* III.

JL. ‘ And whereas an aft of parliament patted in this kingdom in the fifth year of hir prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad for altering and amending feveralJlatutes heretofore made for the better regulations of the city of Corky and for re-gidatmg trials by juries in the court of record of faid city, and for ejlablijhing market juries in faid city, and for making wide &c, and convenient ways, JbreetSy and pajagesy in the faid city and fuburbs thereof and for preventing frauds committed by the bakers and vieal-makers of the faid city, hath been found in-fufficient for carrying into execution feveral of the purpofe* for which the fame was intended: be it enabled by the King's moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt-of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and common.' in iIjh prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority <.f v.i Line, That a$ well nil and Angular the powers and ai ’he^tieb veiled by an ad of pauinment made in the thirty-linl year of the reign of his late Majeiiy George the fc-cortd, entitled, An all for making wide and convenient waysf JlrecU, and pajfages from Ejfex-lridge to the taftlc of Dublin, and for other purpofes therein mentioned* as by an amendment thereto made by an ad pafied in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majefty George the fccond, (hall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the commiffioners named and appointed in and by the faid recited ad of the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or the furvivors of them, or the commiffioners to be appointed purfuant thereto, and that all and fingular the claufes contained in faid ad pafled in the faid thirty-firft year of the reign of his late Majefty George die fccond, together with the feveral amendments thereto made in and by the faid ad patted in the thirty-third year «f the reign of his faid late Majefty, except that claufe whereby certain commiffioners in the faid ad of the thirty-firft: of his faid late Majefty are named and appointed, (hall be in as full force with refped to the feveral ways, ftreets, lanes, and paftages, and the landa, grounds, houfes, and tenements in the faid city of Cork, and fuburbs thereof, as the fame have by the faid two laft mentioned ads of parliament with refped to the ftieets, lanes, and paftages, and the lands, grounds, houfes, and tenements in the faid city of Dublin, and the faid commiffioners appointed, and to be appointed for making and widening convenient ways, ftreets, and paftages in the city of Cork, and fuburbs thereof fhatt have power from time to time to purchafc not only the feveral houfes, grounds, and buildings for the widening faid ways, ftreets, lanes, and paftages of faid city, and the fuburbs thereof, ard making new ways, ftreets, and paftages therein where they ihnil think- proper, but alfo any quantity of ground* together with the edifices thereon, not exceeding one hundred feet backward, or at either fide of any of faid way%

*	L	2	ftreets,

5 O. 3

Digitized by

164

The twentyfixth Tear of George III.

A. D. ftreeta, and paflage* to be widened or improved, or intend -1786. ed to be made, widened, or improved, as may be found nc-

Chap. 28. ceflary.

'*-*0~m>T***~> LI. And whereas doubts may arife whether the treafurer County trea- Qf thc county Qf faid city of Cork (bould not be elected in

urer»ac	C	mMnnl mr#»fr*r-iK^r? in and Kir an	r\f Par-liam*»nf naiLrl m

reign, entitled, An a9 for the better regulating the office of county treafurer, and the duty of clerk of the ennun in refped to prefentments : And whereas from the limited number of

pei* to«let> a veriil perfons who have ferved the office of mayor, being treafurer, as	moftly perfons in trade, and from other caufes ft can fcarcc-

*crc*n-	ly happen that a number of juft ices qualified as by the (aid

aft is dftedted, can be had to make an cleft ion of treafurer

it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid. That whenever the trcafurerlhip of the county of the faid city (hall be vacant, either by the death, relignation, removal, or difmiffion of the prefent or any future treafurer, the juftices of the peace of the county of the faid city, or fuch of them, or the majority of. fuch of them as (hall a fit ruble for that pnrpofe in fuch manner, and at fuch times as direded by faid recited ;id, (hall proceed to clt& a fit and proper perfon to be treasurer of the county of the faid city of Cork, and fuch rledion (hall be good and valid, notwithftanding any want of qualification mentioned in faid ad in auy of the juft ices who (hall attend or vote at fuch eledion, and the eledion heretofore made by the juftices of the peace of the faid city of the prefent treafurer thereof is hereby confirmed, and all and every ad and ads heretofore done by him as treafurer of (aid city, is and are hereby confirmed, and tha^it (hall be lawful for the prefent treafurer of the county of the ; faid city, and every treafurer thereof, to be hereafter elected as aforefaid, to ufe and execute all the powers and authorities given to and vetted in the treafurer cf the county of the faid city by any law or laws now in force.

the reddwule*” Lll. ^»d w^trcas Heea on the Walk’called the Red-walk arc vefted hotffe walk' to the weftwafd of faid city, have been planted u. the mayor, at great cxpence to the publick, and the property thereof

not being veiled in any perfon or body, ill difpofed perfons cut and hack the trunks of them, and prevent their growth with impunity: be it therefore cnaded by the authority . aforefaid, That in order to prevent the fame, all the trees , heretofore planted at the publick expence, or hereafter to be planted at the pubbek dipence on faid walk, (hall be the . property of, and the fame are hereby vetted in the mayorf

juftices of the peace of the county of faid city, and the le-

of the county of faid city: for removing fnch dc\bts, be

fheriffs^

m

4

#

Tie twenty fxtb Tear of George III.	165

(heriffs, and commonalty of the faid city, and their fuccef- A. D. lors.	1786.

LIII. And whercasby an a & of parliament made in the Chap 28. firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An a3 \ for the budding a fosse bridge from the quay oppofit: Princes- Recital of 1 fireet in the city of Cork to Levhls-i/lattd, and a fone bridge	s

from thence to the Red abbey mar/h9 •with a drawing bridge or	*4

hft'tng bridge of wood in the center of the lottery fujficicnt to let vejfels gaff and repaft ; and alfo for fufplying the faid city with watery certain powers therein mentioned for {hpplying the faid city with water, were veiled in the common coun« cil of the faid city, and fuch freemen at large of the faid cky as fhould be ele&ed in open court of Doyer hundred : and whereas by another ad of parliament made in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An aQ for altering and amending fevered Jlatutes heretofore made for the better regulation of the city of Corky and for regulating trials by juries in the court of record in the city of Corky andfor eflabli/hing market juries in the faid city9 and for making wide and convenient waysy freels, and gaffages in faid city and fuburbs thereefy and for preventing frauds committed by the bakers asid meal makers of the faid city, the faid powers which by the faid firft mentioned ad were veiled in the faid com* raon council and freemen were diveiled out of them* and with certain other powers contained in the faid laft mentioned ad, veiled in the mayor, (heriffs, and commonalty of faid city, and their fucceiTors for ever, for the purpofe of better fupplying the laid city with water: and whereas from the great encreafe of the trade, manufadorics, and population of faid city, it is become neceffary for the pnrpofe of better fupplying the faid city with water, to giant to the laid mayor, (heriffs, and commonalty, and their fucceffors for ever, fuch further and other powers as herein after are mentioned: be it therefore enaded by the authority afore-faid, That from and after the palling this ad, the laid may- power hereby or, (heriffs, and commonalty, and their fuccefiors, (hall and vefted in the ^ may have, exercife, and enjoy the fame powers and privi- maT£> ^c* foP leges of entering into the grounds of any perfon or perfons	water •

in the county of Cork, and county of th^city of Cork, y fuch grounds not being more than five miles cuftant from the boundaries or extent of the liberties of the city of Cork,

(houfes, gardens, orchards, and yards excepted) and for making refervoirs, trenches, and water courfes in the faid grounds, and of repairing the (aid refervoirs and water courfes, and of digging and cutting through the (aid grounds from the raervoirs, and of fixing and laying pipes in and through the fame, and through all ways, pafUges, lanes, ftreets, and other place and places, io inch manner

and

• *

Digitized by Google

A. D.

1786.

Chap. 28.

May build houic contiguous ro the water woiks.

Injuring laid works, penalty 20I.

All perfons int reded in h»*ufe*, &tc. arc empowered to con:ra£\, us herein.

’The twenty fnth Year of George III.

and under fuch terms and provifocs as by the (kid ad of the fifth of his prefent Majelly’s reign is direded with refped to the excrcife of the like power? and privileges in the liberties of the city of Cork

LIV. And be it enaded by-the authority afbrefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor, fhcriffg, and commonalty, and their fucceffors, from time to time to build, make and ered one or more houfe or houfes, edifice or edifices, or other neccflary work or works, in and upon the faid grounds in the county of Cork, or in or upon any grounds in the county of the city of Cork (except as before excepted) contiguous or convenient to the faid water works and refervoirs, or any of them, and for the purpofe only of the better carrying on the faid water works, com-penfation having been firit made or agreed to be made to the owner or proprietor, owners or proprietors of faid ground in manner herein provided.

LV. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhail break, throw down, or dc-Itroy, or in any manner wilfully injure the faid waterworks, or any pipe, trunk, water courfe, houfe, edifice, or building appertaining to the fame, or ufed, or intended to be ufed therewith, or made, or to be made in purfuanceof this or any of the faid former ads, or (hall make any hole or holes through any of the faid water courfes, refervoirs, or pipes, or fhail make any new trench or trenches from any of the faid water courfes, to carry off or divert the water from the fame, every perfon fo offending, {hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied in fuch manner as the penalty of ten pounds in the faid ad of the firft year of bis prefent Ma-jdly’s reign, is by the faid ad direded to be recovered and applied.

' LVI. And be it cnadedby the authority aforefaid. That it fhail be lawful for all bodies politick or corporate, whether aggregate or foie, truflees or committees of lunaticks and ideuts, executors, adminiilrators, and guardians whatfoever, not only on behalf of themfelves, their heirs and fucceffors, but alfo for ai^ on behalf of cejlut qui trulls, whether infants or itTuc unborn, lunalicki;, ideots, feint ezvcrtst or other perfuiis, and for all feme coverts feized in their own right, and for all perfons feized of, and irttcreflcd in any ho\iles, buildings, ground, or mill-courfes, which by the faid mayor, (heriffs, and commonalty have been, or {hall be thought neccflary to be purchafed, and have been or {hall be contraded for by the faid mayor, fheriffs, and commonalty, for the purpofes herein after mentioned, to fell and convey fuyh houfes, buildings, mill-courfe*, and ground, or any

part

The twentyfixth Tear of George III.

part thereof, to the faid mayor, fheriffs, and commonalty, and all contracts, agreements, bargains, fales, and conveyances whic'r' have been, or fhall be made to them by fuch perfons, with refpeft to conveying, granting, or demifing fuch houfes, buildings, mill courles, or grounds, or with refpeft to a liberty of cutting, making, or digging canals, refervoirs, trenches, or water-courfes therein, or of repairing fuch canals, refervoirs, trenches, or water courfes, or of fixing or laying pipes in or through the faid premifles, or of building any wall or walls, arch or arches to fupport any pipe or pipes, aqueduct or aquedufts for conveying water as afore-(aid, or of making and erefting on the (aid grounds, any lioufe or houfes, building or buildings, edifice oj: edifices, or any work or works whatfoever, for the purpofe of effectually carrying on the faid water works fhall be valid, not only to convey the eftate and intereft of the perfons conveying, but alfo to convey all right, eftate, intereft, ufe, property, claim, and demand of their refpeftive cejlui que trufts, rvhether infants or iffue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, feme coverts, or other perfons, and all claiming or to claim by, or under them, and all fuch perfons fo conveying, (hall be indemnified for what they (hall do in purfuance of thi* aft.

167

A. D.

1786. Chap. 28.

LVU. And be it enafted by the authority afortfaid, fai{j That in cafe any perfon or perfons fo feized, poflefied of, font will not orintitled to, or to befo feized, poflefied of, or intitled to Agree, it fhall be any fuch eftate or intereft in the grounds, houfes, mills, and determined mill-courfes aforefaid, fhall not for the purpofes aforefaid, crcin’ amicably agree with the faid mayor, fheriffs and commonalty, or their fucceffors, touching the amount of fuch compenfa-tion, rates, or damages, as ought reafonably to be paid by the faid mayor fheriffs, and commonalty or their fucceffors, for the value of any grounds already entered into, ufed, or applied, or hereafter to be entered into, ufed, or applied, by the faid mayor, fheriffs, and commonalty, or their fucceffors, for any of the purpofes in this att, or any of the faid former afts mentioned, that then and in every fuch cafe, the faid compenfation, Tates, or damages, fhall from time to time be afeertained by the verdift of a jury of good and fufficierft men of the county of Cork, or county ‘of the city of Cork, as the cafe fhall require, to be for that purpofe impannelled, as often as occafion fhall require, at the requeft of the (aid mayor, fheriffs, and commonalty, or their1 fucceffors, by the fheriff of the faid county, or by the fheriffs of the county of faid city, at the affizes to be held for faid county, or for the county of (aid city, and that every perfon feized of a real or freehold eftate in the faid county, or in the county of the faid city, ot the clear yearly value

of

%

2 68	The	UvttdfJtKlh Tear of George III.

A. D. of fifty pounds, or poflefled of a perfonal property of the 178 .	value of five hundred pounds, after payment of hi* jail

Chap. 28.	debts, (hall in point of property be qualified to ferveon fuch

jury, and the mayor, (hcriffa, and common fpeaker of the faid city, for the time being, are for the purpofe aforefaid, hereby authorized from time to time to iflue one or more warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, under the common feal of faid city, as the cafe (hall require, to impan-ncl, fummon, and return a competent number of fuch good and fufiicient men of the faid county, or of the county of the faid city, not being lefs than twenty-four, nor more than forty in number, out of whom a jury of twelve (hall be drawn by forr.e indifferent perfon, to be appointed bjr the faid judges of aflize, in fuch manner as jurors for the trials of ilTties in the four courts of Dublin, by an ad for the better regulating of juries, are dire&ed to be drawn, and the faid perfonsto be impannelled, fuipmoned, and returned as jurors, are hereby required to appear at the (aid aflizes, and to attend the fame until difehatged by the judge or judge& of allize, and all perfons concerned (hall have their lawful challenges againft any of the faid perfons, fo to be impannelled, fummoned, and returned, but (hall not be at liberty to challenge the array, and the (heriff of the £sud county, or the (herifTs of the county of the (aid city, arc hereby authorized and direfted, if thereunto required by the faid warrant or precept of the faid mayor, fheriffs, and common fpeaker, to caufe the place or places in queflion to be viewed by the perfons fo to be impannelled, fpmmoned, and returned, or by any fix or more of them, three days at leaft before the faid aflizes, and fuch of the faid viewers a* (hill appear and (hall not be challenged, (hall be firft fworn upon the jury, before any drawing as aforefaid, and fo many only (hall be drawn to be added to the viewers, who appear and are fworn, as (hall after all defaults and challenges allow cd, make up the number of twelve jurors to be fworn, aad the mayor, (herifTs, and common fpeaker of the faid city for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered from time to time by precept under the common feau of faid *	city, to fummon and require any perfon or perfons to appear

at the faid aflizes, to he examined as a witnefs or witnefles, concerning the premiffes, and the faid judge or judges of aflize fliall have power to adjourn the meeting as occafion may require, during fuch amzes, and to command fuch jury, witnefles and parties to attend, until fuch verdi& fhall be given, and fhall have full power to examine upon oath all ,	or any witnefs or witnefles to be produced before them,

touching the matters aforefaid 5 and if the faid (heriff or (hcrilft mall refufc or negleft to impanne), fummon, and re

tuna

♦

The twentyjixth Tear George III.

turn fuch jury, or Co caufe fuch view to be had, and if any perfon fummoned as a juror or witnefs as aforefaid, fhaU refuse or negled to appear, and to be fworn as a juror, or to attend at fuch view, or to give evidence at fuch affizes, fuch (heriff or (heriffs, and every fuch juror or witnefs (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied in fuch manner as the penalty of ten pounds in the (aid ad of the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, is by the faid ad direded to be recover-' cd and applied.

LVI1I. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every fuch verdid (hall be taken before the judge or judges of aflize for the faid city or county of (aid city, and (hall afeertain the amount of the faid compenfotion, rates, and damages, and the feveral perfons to whom the fame (hall refpedively be made and paid according to their ftveral eftates and interefts in each and every parcel or denomination of faid land, and in what (hares and proportions, and when to be paid, and every fuch verdid (hall to all intents and purpofes be final and conclufive to all perfons what-foever then leized, poffeffed of, or interefted in, or at any time thereafter to be feized, poffeffed of, interefted ic, or in any manner intitled to any eftate or intereft whatfoever. In or to the grounds aforefaid, either in fee fimple, or fee tail, or for life, lives, or years, in poffeftion, reverfion, remainder, or expe&ancy ; and that from and after the payment of faid compenfation, rates, and damages, in luch manner as by the faid verdid (hall be direded, all the eftate, property, and intereft of and in all foch parts of the grounds, houfes, mills, and mill courfes aforefaid, as heretofore have been, or hereafter (hall be ufed or applied by the faid mayor, (heriffs, and commonaltv, or their fucceffors, for the purpofes in this, or any of the faid former ads mentioned, mall fo far as (hall be neceffary for the faid purpofes only, and not further or otherwife, veft in the (aid mayor, (heriffs, and commonalty, or their fucceffors for ever, who (hall thereupon be deemed in law to be in the adual feizin and poffeftion thereof, and that fuch verdid, and the effed and validity thereof, (hall never afterwards, in any manner, be queftioned, or called into controverfy in any court of law or equity.

LIX. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any perfon or perfons, to whom any (hare or (hares, dividend or dividends of the profits arifing from fupply-ing the faid city with water, have been, or (hall be granted under this or any of the faid former ads, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators or affigjns, (hall at any time or times here-; after,, negled or refufe to pay to the iaicL mayor, (heriffs,

and

Verdi&fliall be taken before the judges of aflbe, and (hall afeertain the compenfiitton to be made, &e.

Perfons who have (hares in . the profits arii-ing from fup-plviag the city with water, and who negle& to pay their proportion o! the

ijo	The	twtntyfixth	Tear of George-Hi.

A. Dj and Commonalty, or their fucceffors, his or theif propOr-1786. tionable parts of al! fuch fum or fums of money, as to the

Chap. 28. truftees appointed, or to be appointed by any order, regu-lation, or by-law made, or to be made by the mayor, m*-expenccs, fuch riffs, and common council of the faid city, by any aft or (bkU)	a(^ counc^> confirmed by the court of doyer hundred,

a* herein. MDt f°r carrying into execution the purpofes in this, or any of the laid former afts mentioned, or any five of the faid truftees, have already ordered to be paid, or /hall from time to* time think neceffary, and order to be paid, for or towards die ex pence attending the making, digging, cutting, repairing, and keeping in order, all and every the refervoirs, canals, trenches, water-courfes, pipes, houfes, edifices, buildings, and works, and alfo the like proportionable parts of all other the neceffary cofts and charges attending the lame, it (hall be lawful for the faid mayor, (herifts, and commonalty, and their fucceffors from time to time, to fefi by pubiick auftion on the exchange of faid city, to the higheft and foireft bidder, the laid refpeftive (hares and dividends of fuch perfon or perfons, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators and affigns, and the money arifing by fuch fale or foies, to receive from the purchafer or purcha-fers of the faid rtfpeftive (hares and dividends, and thereout to deduft all fum and fums of money fo due by the perfon or perfons, his or their executors, adminiftrators, or aligns, whofe (hares or dividends (hall be fo fold, and the overplus, if any, to pay over to the perfon or perfons refpeftivcly entitled thereto, and thereupon the faid perfons refpeftively, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns, (hall be from thenceforth for ever barred of all claim, right and title, or equity of redemption, in or to the (hares or dividends fo fold, and that the faid (hares and dividends fo fold, and all profits, benefits, and advantages thereof, (hall thereupon both at law and in equity, veil and'be deemed and confidered to be thenceforth vefted in the purchafer or purchafers of faid fliarcS or dividends refpeftively.

Notice of foch	LX. Provided neverthelefs, That notice in writing of

fades muft 1c fuch intended fales, figned by the faid truftees for . the time given as herein. being, or . any five of them, (hall be, at lead one calendar month before the time of fale, be ferved upon the faid perfons, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, or left at his, her, or their ufual place of abode, if refident in this kingdom, or if refident in any other kingdom, fuch notice to b^ polled on the pubiick exchange of the city of Cork afore faid, at leaft three calendar months before any fuch fale fhall be had,f.which. notice (hall contain 3ii account of the fum or films .of money required to be

H I

% 1

Digitized by

Google

The twmtyftxth Tear of George If I.

171

paid by fuch perfon or perfons refpeftively, his, or their ex- A. I>. ecutors, adminiftrators, or aifigns.	17S&

L.XI. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Chap* a8*

That if any perfon or perfons to whole houfe or henries in v

the city of Cork aforefoid, any branch, pipe, or pipes, The branch

fhail from rime to rime be laid for the purpofe of convey- *? tut,off .	r	*r	,	, r * the yearly rent

wg water from any main pipe or pipes to fuch home or for the water be

houfes, fhail neglect or refute to pay the ufual or accaftom- not paid, ed yearly rent for fuch water, that then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the truftees aforefoid, or any fire of them, or any perfon or perfons by them for that purpofe authorized from time to tune, to cut off any ftsch branch, pipe or pipes conveying water to fuch houfe or houfes aforefaid, and if any perfon or perfons (hall ob-ftruft,* hinder, and prevent the perfon or pwrfons fo authorized to cut off fuch branch, pipe or pipes, every fu^h perfon or perfons fo offending, fhail for every fuch offence Forfeit and pay the film of ten pounds ftcrling, to be recovered and applied in fuch manner as the penalty of ten pounds in the faid aft of the firft of his prefeat Majefty mentioned, is in and by the faid aft direfted to be recovered and applied.

LXII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, iff and 5th That the faid recited afts of the firft and fifth years of his 3- «cept as prefent Majefty, except fuch parts thereof as arc hereby cooLmed*!:* * amended or altered, fhail remain in force as if this aft bad force, never been made.	*

X.XIII. And whereas the feite of the prefent meat The mayor, ihambles of the faid city of Cork, is inconvenient, narrow, &c. may take pnd confined, and obftrufts the paffage to both courts of	**c'

affizes in faid city, and lies in one of the moil publick ffreets therein 5 be it further enafted by the authority afore-foid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the mayor, fheriffs, and commonalty*of the faid city of Cork, to contract with the owner or proprietor, or owners or proprietors, or tenant or tenants of any houfe or houfes, building or buildings, or any piece of ground which they (hall judge convenient, not containing more than two Englifh acres, and to purchafe fame, and the eftate thereof, or intcreff therein, or to take any leafe or leafes thereof for any term of years, or lives, or to take a conveyance or affignment of any fuch leafe or leafes for the purpofe of erefting a publick market or markets thereon, the fold mayor, (he-riffr, and commonalty, paying for the fame, the rail value thereof, either by way of purchafe money or annual rent, fuch purchafe money or annual rent as the cafe (hall be, to be afoertained upon the oaths of twelve indifferent men of the city and parifiies aforefaid, which oath the mayor,

(heriffs,

0

>7*

The ttoeKtf-fixtb Tear df George III.

A. D.	fheriffs, and common fpeaker of laid city of Cork for the

1786.	time being are hereby empowered	to adnsinifter, and the

Chap*a8.	{aid mayor, fherifis, and common	fpeaker for the time

- '	being are hereby empowered from	time to time to iffhc a

fummons under their hands and feals requiring an iodiffer* ent jury of twenty-four men of the city or parifh as afbare-(aid, to attend at fuch time and place as in fuch fummon* (hall be fpecified, and the faid mayor, fheriffs and common fpeaker for the time being, {hall at fuch time and place fwear twelve of the (aid twenty-four perfons, who (hall be drawn by ballot by the town clerk of faid city, which twelve, (hall be a jury for afeertaining the value of fuch houfe or houfes, building or buildings, or piece of ground, and whofe valuation (hall be binding and con-cluuve to all perfons whatfoever, and all purchafes made by, and conveyances executed to, and all leafes made, conveyed, or afligned to faid mayor, (heriffs and commonalty of fuch premifles as aforefaid, (hall be good and effedual notwithftanding any difab flit y by fettlement, coverture, minority in tail, or any other impediment what* foever.

a Dublick xft	LXIV. And be it further enaded by the authority afbrc-

**	* (aid. That this ad (hall be in all courts and places deemed

to be a publick ad, and (hall be judicially taken notice of by all judges, juftices, and courts whatfoever, without fpc-cially pleading the fame; and if any perfon (hall be fued or molefted by^ny thing done by virtue or in j>urfuance of this ad, fuch perfon may plead the general iffue, and give this ad, and the fpecial matter in evidence for his defence; and if the plaintiffs (hall discontinue their adioo, or be nonfuited, or if judgment (hall be given againfl them on the verdid or demurrer, the defendant (hall recover double cods of fuit

CHAP.

The twentyfxth Tear of George III.

A. D. . 1786.

CHAP. XXIX.

An A8 for granting the Sum of Four Thoufand Pounds to the Truftees of the Linen Manufacture, and for the Purpofes therein mentioned•

III- A ND be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Tmftees to £X That the faid truftees (hall not mate any make no gram, grant of any kind whatever for the encouragement of the &c- except linen and hempen manufactures, or for any purpofe whatfo- a* ere,n* ever, favc only for the buildings at the linen hall in Dublin, and the neceffary repairs thereof, or the expence of in-ftituting or defending any fuit at law, or adjudge or determine any premium or bounties whatever, except in the three months ending the twenty-fifth day of March, in every year, or offer or propofe, or agree to offer or pro-pofe, any premium or bounty, except in the faid three months, or in the month ending the twenty-fifth of April.

IV.	Provided always. That no premium or bounties Beamiest* (hall be offered or propofed in the month ending the he limited twenty-fifth day of April following, to a greater amount # herein, than the favings on the determination or adjudication of premiums or bounties on the twenty-fifth day of March preceding.

V.	And whereas it has been found neceffary to prove and give in evidence the orders, proceedings, aCb and appoint* ments of the (aid truftees in other caufes, indictments, aCtions, informations, and fuits, than thofe that are mentioned in an aCt of parliament paffed in this kingdom in the third year of his prefent Majelty’s reign, entitled, An a3 foz the better regulation of the linen and hempen manufactures ;

be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That Orders, pro. in all indiCbnents and criminal proceedings, and in all other ceedings, &c. cafes whatsoever in all courts of law or equity, and before u hcrcilI# all magi ft rates in this kingdom a certificate of any order, proceeding, appointment, or other aCt of the faid truftees under the hand and feal of their clerk for the time being,

(hall without further proof be deemed and taken as con-dufive evidence, that fuch order, proceeding, appointment, or other aCt as (hall be thereby certified is the order, proceeding, appointment, or ad of the trnftees of the linen and hempen manufactures, and every fuch certificate of the appointment of their clerk, (hall be conclufive evidence in like manner, that the perfon named in fuck appointment is their clerk.

VI.	And

\

174	The twenty feeth Tear cf Georg* III.

A. D. VI. And whereas by an a& pafTed in the twtnty-th/nd 1786. and twenty-fourth years of his prefect Majdly, entitled,

v. -—s/—*—wV An aB for further promoting the Bttcn and hempen manu-

Recital of 23 faBures ; the faid truftccs or any twelve or more of them & 24 G. 3. c. arc crapowered to appoint anmiaHy one rofpeftor for the 55'	counties of Tipperary, Vvatcrford*	and	county of the

Infpe&orsto C1*ty 0f Waterford: be it ena&ed by	the	authority afore-

Tippcrary^nd*	That	it	(hall ana may he lawful for the faid truftccs

WaterXofd. t* appoint one infpe&or for the county of Tipperary, and one other iofpe&or for the county	of	Waterford, and

county of the cky of Waterford, in	the	fame maimer 39

is mentioned for the appointment of infpc&ors by the faid recited a6t, or by any other or ads in force relating to the fame.

C H A P. XXX.

Continued to ^ staking, <widtMing, and repairing the Road iroJitryp fife 3i*G *3 *c! /ro#w '*be City of Dublin to Malahide, and for ereBing jo. f. a&J-A1* Turnpike Gates, and receiving Tolls thereout> in Ad cf the mended, 28 G. . Barony Preferments, and for appointing Trisfses for carry -3. c 48.—*9	ing the faid Purtfes into Execution.

3.C24. 31 <*

3* c. 50.

Truftecs,

WHEREAS the expcnce of amending the road from Dublin to Malahide, in the county of Dublin, lias been paid for many years pad by the landholders ami inhabitants of the barony through which the faid road has been made, which has been very burthenfomc to them, and fe-veral parts thereof are ruinous and bad, and cannot, by the ordinary courfc appointed by the laws and fiatutes of this realm, be effcdually amended, and kept in good anc! fufficient repair; and as it is reafonable that all perfons who travel on (aid road, fhould in aid of the barony preferments that (hall be granted for the fame, contribute to the repair thereof: therefore, be it cna&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefen t Parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the tame* That for the better forveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in repair, the faid road, leading from the city of Dublin, to Malahide in the county of Dublin, it (hall be lawful for the earl .of Charlemont, the right honourable John-Beresford, the honourable Richard Annefly, Sir William Montgomery, baronet,* Sir Edward Newenham, knight, Richard Talbot,.efquire, Alexander Gordon, efquire, Andrew Crawford, efquire, Conolly Norman, efquire, John Patrick, efquire, Townly Dawfon, efquire, Heniy Howi-

The twenty^xth Ytqr if George Ilk	175

fan, efquire, Henry Darley, efquire, WiUiaip Lylter, A. D. efquire, and John Archbold, efquire, who are hereby ap- 1786. pointed tmilecs for amending, keeping in repair, and order- Chap* 3a. ing the faid road, and for putting’into execution the feverai powers and authorities mentioned and contained in this ad, and the furvivors of them, they, or any three or more of them, and fuch perfon and perfons as (hall be appointed trullees in purfuance of this ad, or any three or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons, as they, or any three or more of them (hail authorize and appoint, to ered, or caufe to be ereded, one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turn-	..

pikes in, upon, or acrofs any part or parts of the faid high-way or road, except as hereafter excepted and provided, houfes to be and alfo a toll-houfe or toll-houfes, and there to receive and ere&ed. take-tfie tolls nod duties following, before any horfe, mare, gelding, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, cala(h, chaife, chair, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, (hall be permitted to pafs through the fame; that is to fay, for every coach, berlin, chariot, calaih, chaife, or chair drawn by fix horfes or beads of burthen, or more, the fum of one (hilling ; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair drawn by a lefs number than fix, and more than two, the fum of eight pence ; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair drawn by two horfes, fix pence; for every chaife or chair, dra^n by one horfe or bead of burthen, the fum of three penc£ ; for every wain, cart, or carriage, with four wheels, the fum of one (hilling; for every wain, cart, or carriage, with two wheels, having more than one horfe, mare, gelding, or bead of burthen, the fum of three pence; for every' car or other carriage, having but one horfe, mare, gelding or bead of burthen, the fum of three halfpence; for every horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, laden, or unladen, and not drawing, one penny ; for every drove of oxen or neat cattle, the fum	t

of ten pence per fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer number ; for every drove of calves, hpgs, (heep,

•r lambs, the fum of five pence per fcore, and 10 in proportion for arty greater or lefler number; which faid relpeq-tive fum and fums of money (hall be demanded and taken in the name of, or as a toll or duty, and the money fo to be raifed as aforefaid, is, and (hall hereby be veiled in the faid, truftces, and the fame and every part thereof, (hall he paid, applied, and difpofed of, and affigned to and for the fcrerajl ufes, intents, and purpofes, and in fuch manner as is- hcrein after mentioned and direfted.

II.	Provided always, That the owner or driver of aqy* waggon,. wain, ‘ cart, or carriage with four wheel*, the breadth*thereof not being lefs than (pf infibes in the fek * «	or

*

\

176

The twenty -fixth Tear ef George I1T.

A.	D.	or bottom	thereof, and the (beaks fet on with fiat headed

1786.	nails, and	the fore axle thereof being lo much longer or

Chap. 30. fhorter than the hind axle, that the wheels of fuch carnage lhall roll at leaft ten inches of the road in breadth, on each ftde of fuch carriage, and the wheels being placed at fuch a diftance from each other, that the fpace between the middle of the one	track made by the wheels of fuch carnage on the

road, and	the middle of the other track, (hall not exceed

fix feet, (hall not be obliged to pay more than two-pence toll for any fuch waggon, wain, cart, or carriage at any turnpike-gate on the faid road for paffing through the fame; and the faid truftees are hereby empowered by them-felvcs, or by any perfon or perfons by them, under their hands and (cals, thereunto authorized to levy the toll or duty hereby required to be paid upon any perfon or perfons who (hall after demand made thereof, negfed or rrfufc to pay the fame by diftrefs of any horfe or horfes, or any cattle or goods upon which fuch toll or duty is by this ad imposed, or upon any other of the goods and chattels of fuch perfon or perfons who ought to pay the fame, and may detain and keep the fame, until fuch toll or duty with the reafonable charges of fuch difhaining or keeping (hall be paid j and it (hall and mar be lawful to and for fuch perfon or perfons fo diftraining after the fpace of four days after fuch difirefs made ^nd taken to fell the goods fo diftrained, returning the overplus, if any be, upon demand to the owner thereof, after fuch toll, duty, and reafonable charges for diftraining and keeping the fame (hall be deduced and paid.

Repealed thr s8 O j. c. 48.

f J.

Tolls to be paid

bate

day.

III.	Provided always. That no gate or turnpike (hall ho ereded acrofs any part of the road which leads from Dublin over Bally bough-bridge to the Sheds of Clontarf by the Strand, nor any toll or duty taken for any carriage or beaft paffing thereon.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon fhall be liable to pay toll more than once, who fhall pafs, repafs, or return through all or any of fuch turnpikes to be ereded by the authority of this ad, the fame day, to be computed from twelve of the clock at night, to twelve of the clock in the fucceeding night, with the fame coach or other carriage, horir, or other cattle, and (hall produce a ticket that the toll has been paid at any of the faid turnpikes, which note or ticket, the receiver or receivers, colledor or coBedors, is and are hereby required to give gratis upon receipt of the (hid toll 1 and if any perfon having paid toll, and having fuch note or ticket as is hereby direded to be given, (ball give, offer, or difpofe of the fame to any other perfon cr

1	perfons.



The twenty fatb Tear of George Ifl.

IT?

7 Tow the rr

pci Tons, or (hall alter the fame in order to avoid the payment of any of the faid tolls, every fuch perfon giving, offering, difpofing, or altering of foefi note or ticket, and the perfon receiving fuch note or ticket, or [making ufe thereof, being thereof convided upon oath before the faid truflees, or any three or more of them, or before any one or more juftice or juftice3 of the peace for the faid county of Dublin, which oath, the faid truftees, and the faid juf-tice or jufticcs are hereby empowered to adminifter, (hall refpe&ively forfeit and pay to the truftees authorised to put thisa^l into execution, the fum of ten (hillings, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the hands and feals of the faid truilee*, or any three or more of them, or fuch juftice or jufticea, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner, the charges in taking and difpofing of the faid goods being fir ft de-du&ed.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That out of the firfl money arifing from the profits of the n.->r »«Gngfrnn. ftveral turnpikes fo to be crewed, tlie faid trullees, or any

three of tliem, fhall defray the cxpences of procuring this ad of parliament, and of ereding fuch turnpike or turnpikes, or building fuch toll-houfe pr toll-houfes, as they (hall think neceflary, aq4 from and after the charges and expence3 (hall be fully fat^sfied and paid, that then, and	'

from thenceforth, the profits arifng, and the toll to l>e cou leded at any turnpike or turnpikes to be ereded or fet up on the faid road fliall l*e applied in aid of fuch prefentr.:e*.:v , as (hall be granted in faid barony, for and towards the repair of the faid road onJyf and not elfcwhere.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-laid. That if any perfon or perfons wjiatfoever ownirg, renting, or occupying any |ands near unto any turnpike in purfuance of thi3 ad, (hall, for gain, reward, or cihenvik permit, or wittingly or willingly fuffer any perfon or pir-lon3 whatfoever to pafs through any gate, paffagr, or way with any coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaifc or chair, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, or riding or driving any’horfe, mule, afst or any other fort of catti-. ^ to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be pakl, and (hajl be thereof convided upon the oath of or.p or more witnefs or vvitnefTes before the faid try (lees, or any

, three or more of them, or before any one or more juftice or jufticcs of the peace for the county wherein fuch offence or offences (hall be committed (who are hereby empowered and required to adminifter fuch oath) fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit and pay to the truftees authorized to put this ad in execution, the fum of ten (hillings, to be levied ana Vot. VUI,	M	recovered

Owner oi ad*

aiin" not :»> erai.t ntrlo .<



Digitized by

Google

i7B

A. D.

1786. Chap. 30.

"Wh 1 c gates are to be crewed.

A treafurer to be elefted.

Treafurer to give fccunty.

Receivers and furveyors to be elcAed.

The twenty Jixth Tear of George III.

recovered in manner as any other penalty or forfeiture is direded by this ad to be levied and recovered.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid trullees, or any three or more of them, to ered one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikea on the fide of the faid highway or road crofs any lanfc or way leading out of any part of the faid road which is between Malahide, and that part of the faid road where it turns off from the fea townies Marind, and to build one or more toli-honfe or; toll-.bouica, end there to receive, take, and levy fuch toll as is appointed by this ad ta be taken, fo as the fame do not extend to a double charge in cafe of palling thrpugh any of the other turnpikes to be eroded by virtue of this act.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That the faid trullecs, or any live or more of them, on their firll meeting, or any fucceeding meeting, by writing under their hand3 and feals may, tied, nominate and appoint a fit perfon to be treafurer of the faid road, who is to receive the money from the collectors of the faid tolls, and to account for the fame with the faid trullecs, or any five or more of them, and to appoint a falary for Inch treafurer,, payable out of the faid tolls, not exceeding ten pounds llerling by the year for bis trouble in faid office.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the perfons who lhall be fyccef-fively nominated to the office of treafurer lhall not ad until they lhall refpediveiy enter iuto fecurity by bond and warrant, with two otlujr fufficient perfons in the penalty of three hundred pounds, payable to the trullecs of the faid road, conditioned, that fuch treafurer lhall truly and faithfully account for and pay all fuch fum and fums of money as he lhall from time to time receive out of, or for the tolls and duties, and forfeitures made payable by virtue of this ad to the trullees of the faid road, when and as often as he (hall be thereunto required, and for the faithful execution and difeharge of the faid office, and every fuch bond and warrant, as foon as the fame lhall be executed, lhall be lodged in the hands of the chairman of the board or meeting at which fuch bond lhall he perfeded.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid trullees or any five or more of them at their firll meeting, or at any fucceeding meeting, by writing under their hands and feals, fhall and may eled, nominate, and appoint one or more perfon or perfons to be receiver or receivers, colledor or colic dors of fech money, in the name of fuch toll or duty as lhall be due or payable by virtue of

- - D .d utGoogle -

I

The twenty-fixth Tear of George III.

this a£i, aod alfo oue or more fit perfon to be furveyor or furveyors to fee the condition of the faid highway or road, and to fee the fame be repaired and amended ; and that the money arifing and expended by virtue of this aA be duly applied, and from time to time to remove fuch treafurer, colledfcors, receivers and furveyors, or any of them, as they fhall fee oqcafion, and appoint new one* in cafes of death or of fuch removal; and fuch perfon or perfons as is or are by this a A liable to pay the laid toll or duty, is and are hereby required to pay the fame after the rates aforefaid to the faid receiver or receivers, colle&or or colle&ors of the faid toll and duty m that behalf from time to time appointed as aforefaid, and the faid perfon and perfons fo appointed a* aforefaid for receiving the faid toll or duty, and all furveyor or furveyors as aforefaid for receiving the faid toll or duty," and all furveyor or furveyors as aforefaid fhall upon oath if thereunto required by the faid truftees, qr any three or more, of them, or before any jullicc of the peace refiding near the highway or road aforefaid, which oath the faid truftees, or any three or more of them, or fuclt juftice of the peace, is and are hereby empowered and required to adininifter'on the	Monday in every month, or oftener if required,

during the continuance of this a£t, give m a true and perfect account in writing under their refpe&ive hands of all the monies which he and they, and every and any of them, fhall to fuch time have received, paid, and difburfed by virtue of thk a&, by rcafqu of their refpe&ive offices, for Which oath no fee or reward fhall be taken ; and in cafe any money fo received fhall remain in their or any of their hands, the fame fhail be paid to the faid truilees, or any five' or more of them, or to the faid treafurer of the faid road fo appointed by them as aforefaid; which fums fhall be laid out and difburfed in mending the faid highway or roads, according to the true intent and meaning of this a£l, and not otherwise ; and the faid truffees, or ^any five or more of them, to whom fuch account (hall be given, (hall and may out of the money arifing by the faid tell or duty, make fuch allowance unto the faid receiver or receivers, coi-Je&or or collectors, and the furveyor or furveyors, and to fuch other perfon and perfons who fhall be neccflarily employed by the faid trufte£s, or any feven or more of them, in any matter relative to the execution of this adt, for and* in confideiation of his and their care and pains refpedtively taken in the execution of his and their office and offices, and to iuch other perfon or perfons who have been, or {hall be afliflijjg ;n and about procuring the faid highways and roads to be amended and repaired, by advancing and hying out any money* or othervrife relating thereto, as to M 2	them



The twentyfxth Tear of George III.

A D. 1786. Chap. 30.

Power of

overfeers to dig for gravel, See.

To remove

nuifiAccs.

them (hall feem good; and in cafe the faid receiver or receivers, colle&or or colle&ors of the aforefaid toll on duty, or any of them, (hall not make fuch account and payment unto fuch treafurer as aforefaid, that then any two or more juftices of the peace of the faid county of Dublin, (hall at the indance and requeft of the faid truftees, or any ten or more of them, of of the faid treafurer, make inquiry of and concerning fuch default, as well by confeffion of the (aid parties themfclves, as by the tedimonv of one or more Credible witnefs or witneffes upon 02? h, which oath they are hereby empowered and required to adminifter, wither fee or reward, and if any perfon or perions (had be con-vi&ed thereof by fuch juftices, the faid juftices (had upon fuch convietion commit the party or parties to the common gaol of the county where fuch offence (hall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainpnze, until he or they (hall have made a true and perfe& account and payment at aforefaid.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That it (hall be lawful for the overfeer or overfeers, or fuch perfon or perfons as he or they (hall appoint, to (fig, raife, gather, take, and carry away any gravel, fand, ftones, or other materials, out of the feveral grounds of any perfon or perfons, not being an orchard, yard, planted walk or walks, lawn, or avenue to the manfion-houfe of any perfon where any fuch materials are or may be found, and from time to time to take and carry away fuch and fo much thereof as the faid overfeer or overfeers in their refpe&ive places (hall judge neceflary for the amending the faid road, paying fuch rates for fuch materials to the owner or occupier of the ground from whence the fame (hall be digged, raifed, gathered, and carried away, as the faid truftees, or any five or more of them (hall adjudge reafonable, and in cafe of any difference between fuch owner or occupier, and the faid truftees touching the damage aforefaid, the juftices of the peace at the next general quarter feffions to be holden in the faid county, may and (hall adjudge, aflefs, and finally determine the fame.

XII.	And be it further tuaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the overfeer or overfeers, and fuch other perfon or perfons as be or they (hall appoint from time to time to remove and prevent annoyances on any part of the faid load hereby intended to be repaired, or within twenty five feet of the center of the (aid road, by filth, dung, afties, rubbifh, water-courfes, finks, or drains running into faid road,,and to xleanfe any ditch or water-coUrfe adjoining to the faid road, or which maybe neceffary to carry off the water therefrom, and to cut down,

lop.

Digitized by Google .



The twenty j.'xth Tear of George lfl#

181

lop, or top any trees growing within twenty five feet of the center of faid road, which are nearer to each other than fifteen feet, or any bufhes growing in the faid road, or the hedges adjacent to the faid road, at a heighth not exceeding five feet, provided fuch trees, baftTes, Or hedges be not within a demefne belonging to a manfion-houfe, the owners or occupiers negle&ing to cut down fuch trees or bufhes, or to remove fuch annoyances for the fpace of ten days after notice in writing given for that purpofe, under the hands of five of the faid truflces, the charges whereof (hall be reimburfed to the faid overfeer or overfeers, by fuch owner or occupiers negie&ing to cut down fafd trees or bufhes, or remove fuch annoyances as aforefaid ; and if after removal of any fuch annoyances as aforefaid, any perfon or perfons (hall again offend in like kind, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof convicted upon oath before one or more juflice or juftices of the peace for the faid county, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay unto the faid truflees ten (hillings, to be levied and recovered in manner aforefaid.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid overfeer or ovctfeCrs, by order of the faid truflees, or any five or more of them, to cut and make drains through any ground lying contiguous to the faid road, and to eretl arches of brick or Hone thereupon, and alfo to widen any of the narrow part3 of the faid road to any breadth not exceeding fifty feet in the ckar, by opening, clearing, and laying into the faid road any ground of any perfon or perfons lying contiguoqa to fuch road, fuch ground not being an orchard, yard, planted walk, lawn, or avenue to, or part of the demefne belonging to the manlion-houfe of any perfon, and alfo to caufe ditches, drains, or trenches to be made in fuch places, and in fuch manner as fuch overfeers by order of the fair! truflees, or any five or more of them, (hall adjudge neccffary for amending the faid road, making fuch reafonable fatis-fariion to the owner or occupier of the ground which fhall be fo laid into the faid road, or through which any fuch drain or drains fhall be cut, or on which any fuch arch or arches fhall be made, for the damages which he or they fhall or may thereby fullain as fhall be afiefied or adjudged by the juitices of the peace, or the major part of them, at the next quarter feifions to be holden for the faid county of Dublin, in cafe of any difference concerning the famd, and if any owner or occupier of ^py water-courfes, ditch or ditches, adjoining to the faid road, fhall negle& or refute to fcour or cleanfc fuch watcr*courfcs, and make fuch ditches fo deep, and in fuch manner as the furveyor or furveyors /hall adjudge proper and convenient after eight days notice

(hall

A. D. 1786. Chap. 30.

To make drains, and widen the nud where necciTt* r>-

Ttu fires may compound for fiim- to br paid quarctrly, ices

What perfons, &c are iree from toil.

Toll to commence %s Juue, 17S6, and to continue lor 3 years.

Vacancies of trustees to be filled up.

The twenty fixth Tear of George III#

(hall be given for that purpofc, by fuch overfeer or overfeers to fuch owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, it (hall be lawful for the overfeer or overfeers to fet any man or men to work to fcour or cleanfe, and make the fame, and by warrant from any three or more of the faid trudees, to levy the charge thereof upon the goods of the faid occupier or occupiers, or upon the eftate of the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers of fuch water-courfes, ditch or ditches, by dillrefs and fale of his, her, or tbeir goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or occupier after all charges paid.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That the faid tru(lce3, or any five or more of them, may and are hereby empowered from time to time as they (hall fee convenient or think fit, to compound or agrfce, or otherwife, with any perfon or perfons who occupy or hold lands in the barony of Coolock, through which the (aid road runs, and alfo with any perfon or perfons uling to travel through the faid gates or turnpikes to be ere&ed with any horfe, mare, or gilding, afs or mule, or cattle, or with any coach, berlin, calafh, chaife, chair, wageon, cart, car, or other carnage, for any fum or fums of money, to be paid quarterly from time to time after fuch agreement (hall be made.

XV.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared. That no perfon fhall be charged with any of the tolls or duties afore-faid, who fhall pafs through the faid gate or turnpike to be eredted by thisacl, who fhall carry any quantity of ftones, gravel, or other materials for repairing the faid road, or any of the roads in the faid county, nor (hall any perfon or perfons he chargeable with faid toll or duty, palling through any of the faid gates with dung or other manures only, nor ijiall any toll or duty be demanded or taken at any of the fa d gates or turnpikes to be erc&ed, for any horfe, mare, or gelding, afs or mule, or other cattle going to water, or for any poil-horfe carrying the maij or packet, nor (hall any toll or duty be demanded or taken for the horfos of fol-diers paffing that are upon their march, or for waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages travelling with vagrants fait by pafles, or with prifoners tranfmitted from one part of the kingdom to another.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That the toll or duty hereby granted, (hall take place and have continuance from and after the twenty fifth day of June, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty lix, for and during the term of three years.

XVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That for the continuing a fufficicnt number of fit perfons

to



The twentyftxth Tear of George III.

to be trudees for putting in execution all and every the powers in this aft contained, for and during the continuance thereof, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid trudees-, or any five of them, upon the death or refignation of any of the trudees mentioned in this a<d, or of Any perfon that (hall hereafter be ele&ed from time to lime, and at all times Let eafter during the term aforefaid to eledl, nominate, and appoint in the room of fuch trullee or trudees fo deeeafed or reltgning, fo many more fit perfons living in faid county of Dublin, to be joined with faid tru(lees In the execution of all and every of the power and powers in them repofed by virtue of thi3 acl, and all and every perfon and perfons fo to be chofen trudee or truilees to join in putting this adl in execution, as they are herein before qualified to do, (hall and may, and are hereby empowered to a£l to all intents and purpofes in as full, large, and ample manner as the faid trudees are by this act empowered to do, and fo tofies quo-ties as often as occafion (hall require; .

XVIII.	And he it further enacletl by the authority afore-faid. That the faid trudeetJ, or any five or more of them, /hall meel at the Royal Exchange in the city of Dublin on the-firll Monday in the month of May next, and the faid trudees (hall afterwards meet there, or at any other place or^ places near the faid road, that the faid trudees or any live or more of them (hall think proper and convenient, as often as it (hall be rieceftary for the putting this a£\ into execution ; and that the faid trudees, or any five of more of them, (hall meet, at fuch place, of which notice by publick advertifeme.it lhall be given during the ttrYn aforefaid for the granting money to amend the faid road, and for doing any other necciTury budnefs ; and that it (hall be lawful for any five or more of the faid trudees legally aflembled,‘ from time to time to contrail with any perfon or perfons for any film pi* Anns (if money which they (hall agree upon to be paid out of the faid tolls for repairing and keeping in repair any pirt or parts of the faid roads for the fpnee of one year, and that no money (hall be gianted at any hoard for amending the faid road, ur.lefs it lhall appear by the affidavit of two credible perfons who can read and write, which affidavit any of the trudees is hereby empowered to idm!nifter> that fuch fmn is neccflary to repair, or make fo many perches of fuch roetd at the rate of fo much by the perch, and that a fmaller ftim will not be flifficient to repair or make the fame ; and that no money (hall be paid bv the tveaiurer to Any ovetfeer untefs the faid overfeer make oath before a board of the faid trudees, of the fum which hath been actually expended, that fuch fum hath been faithfully and honedly expended in amending or making many perches

of

l3i A„ D.

1786. Chap. 30.

Time and place of meet* mg.

Penalty on

%bi tnuentyfxxtb Ttar of George III.

of the (aid road, and for his wages at not more than twelve pence for each pound fo expended, in amending or making (aid road ; and that he did attend the faid work diligently and carefully, and (hall produce to faid board an exad account of the number of men, horfes, and cars employed each day at the faid work, and (hall fwear to the truth of the faid account, and then and not fooner the faid board (hall give an order to fuch overfeer on the treafurer, for the payment of faid account; and if it (hall happen that there (hall not appear at any meeting which (hall be appointed to be had and held by the faid truftees, a fufficient number of truftees to ad at fuch meeting, and to adjourn t.* any other day, then and in fuch cafe the treafurer by notice in writing, to be affixed on the faid gate or turnpike, at lead twenty days before the next meeting, (hall appoint the faid trullees to meet at the houfc where the meeting of the faid truftees was lull appointed to be had, or at fome other convenient houfe near the faid road, and that the faid truftees at their fevcral meetings (hall not expend any of the faid tolls to defray their charges and ex-pences.

XIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-fwearing falfely. faid> That if any perfon taking the oaths, or making the

affidavits herein before mentioned, (hall be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury in fuch oaths or affidavits, fuch perfon or perfons, (hall, upon convidion thereof, incur and fuffer the like paios and penalties to which any other perfon con-Vided of wilful and corrupt perjury is liable by the laws and ftatutes of this kingdom.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enadedby the authority aforefaid. That no perfon or perfons appointed by this ad, a truftee or truftees for putting this ad in execution, (hall have or accept of any place of profit arifing out of, or by reafon of the toll or duty by this ad laid or granted, but fuch perfon or perfons (hall be incapable from the time of accepting and continuing to enjoy fuch place of profit, of ading as a truftee.

XXL And be it further enaded by the authority afore* faid, That if any fuit or adion (hall be commenced againit any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of tins ad, then and in every fuch cafe, fuch fuit or adion (hall be commenced within fix calendar months next after the fad (hall be committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid in the faid county of Dublin, and not elfewhcre; and the defendant or defendants in fuch adion or adions to be brought, may plead the general iffue, and give this ad, and the fpccial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance,

and

Trnftees to

accept of no place of profit, Sec.



— Digitized b

The tnventyfxtb Tear of George III.

and by the authority of this ad ; and if it (hall appear fo to be done, or that fuch action or i&ions was brought after the time herein before limited, or in any other county than the county of Dublin, that then the jury (hall find for die defendant or defendants ; and upon fnch terdid, or if the plaintiff fhall be non-fuited, or difeontinue his adion after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if on any demurrer judgment fhall be given againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fhall and may recover treble cofit, and hate the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants have or hath in any other cafes by laiv.

XXII.	And be it further cnadedby the authority afore-(aid. That this ad fhall be deemed, adjudged* and taken to be a publick ad, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, jullices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

.. This a hekatt.

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act for malting more effectual an A3 made he the Seventh nth Tear of the Reign of His late M ’jefty King Charles the Second, entitled, An A*t to prevent Debt}* in extending Statutes, Judgments, and Recogrnutaeej, and Jar explaining an Act made in the f tuth Teat' of the Reign of His late Majejly King Charles the Fiji, en titled. An Act fer Cpntentation of Debts upon Execution*

TTC7HEREAS creditors by judgment or recognizance * * fuing out writs of elegk, or of Jcire facias againft the heir of the conufor and ter-tenants of his lands are greatly delayed and aggrieved by being obliged to extend all the lands liable to fuch extents: And whereas the feme* dy provided in fuch cafe by an ad made in the feventeenth aud eighteenth years of the reign of bis late Maiefty king Charles the fecond, entitled, An a8 to prevent delays m extending Jlatutes, judgments, and reevgniseanees, hath not been effe&ual: for further remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and . consent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in the prefent Pailiaraent affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That in every fuch writ offare facias, it fhall be lawful to infert the names of the heir and of fuch ter-tenants of the lands of which the conufor was feized at the time of fuch judgment or recognizance as the conufee fhall think neceflary and fufficient, and that the fheriff to whom fuch writ fhall be direded, fhall fummon fuch heir

and

Digitized by ^	^

186	The	tntaxtrfrxtb	Year	rf George JTI.

A. D. and ter-tenants only, and that no ter-tenant fummoned on 1786. fuch writ (hall be received or admitted to pit ad that any other ter-tcnant hath not been fummoned, favirig always to the party or parties whafe lands (hall be extended in ccr.fe-. quence of any judgment had upon filch writ, his and their heirs, executors, and afl»gn3, hi.1?, and their remedy for contribution againfl fuch ter-tenants who fhall not be fo ^ 10 Ch. I. cap fummoned.

II. And whereas by an aft of Parliament made in the tenth year of the reign of his late Majefly kihg Chailes the firft, entitled, jin aft for the conientatio'n of debts upon execution, a remedy is provided for coiiufees- in cafes where tKe lands, tenements, or hereditaments taken by them in execution (hall be evicted before they fhall have levied their whole debt and damages, by i(Tiling a nz\i'feire facias for the recovery of the rc fid tic of fuch debt and damages, hut it hath been holder* that the faid ail doth not extend to cafes where all the lands, tenements, or hereditaments or the whole eflate of the conufee in them is not eviVled ; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid ail fhall be conftrued to extend to all cafes where any of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments fo taken in execution, or any part of the eflate or intereft of the cOnufce therein fhall be eviiled.

CHAP. XXXti.

Amended 17

G. 3. c. 43. 27 G. 3. c. 45. 30 G. 3. c. 42. f. »7*

An Act for explaining ami further amending the fevered Acts heretofore puffed for the Impro vement of the City 0} Dublin, by making neeide and con venient Paffaget through the fame, and for other Purprfes.

Preamble, See. T ? O R the more effeilual carrying into exetutidri the X purpofes intended by thfc feveral ails for widening or opening ftreets, fquares, lanes, .or alleys in the city of Dublin: be it cnaiied by the King*3 molt excellent Ma-jefly, by and with the advice and confeut of the lords fpfri-tual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of tbe fame, That in all cafes in which a jury of twelve petfons, drawn as by the faid aib is direiled, have, upon theii* oaths enquired, or fhall hereafter upon tlicir oaths enquire of the value of fuch houfes, buildings, rind grounds, as by the commiflioners named or authorized, or to be named or authorized by, or in purfuance of the faid feveral ails, or by any t<vo or tnore of the faid commiflioners, have been, or fhall be thought jicceflary to be purchafed for any of the purpofes in the Sid *	afls

'Digitized by v^ooQle

The twenty fixth Tear of George IJI.

ads mentioned, and of the refpe&ive eftate, right, title, term, and intercft of every perfon or perfons feizcd or pof-feffcd thereof, or intereftcd therein, of of or in any part thereof, and have affefled and awarded, or (hall aflefs and award the fum or fums to be paid to every fuch perfon or perfons, for the purchafe of fuch their refpedtive eftates, rights, titles, terms, and intereiU, and fuch commifiioners purifuant to the faid ads have given or lhall give judgment for fuch fum or fums of money fo afTdfed and awarded, or to be af-fefled and awarded, and the faid commifliouers purfuact to the powers to them given by the laid ads, have paid, or lhall pay to the feveral perfons interfiled, or have paid into and depolited in, or lhall pay into and depofit in his Majdly’s high court of Chancery in this kingdom, fuch fum or fums fo aflefled and aw arded as aforefaid, as the value of, and purchafe money for fuel* houfes, buildings, and grounds, all and every peifon and perfons in pofiefiion of any fuch houfes, buildings, or ground, or any part thereof, which have or hath been, or lhall bepurclmied by the faid commifiioners as aforefaid, lhall peaceably and quietly deliver up the poflefiion of the faid prcmilTes to the faid cotnmifjioners, or any perfon or perfons authorized, or to be authorized by the faid commifiioners, or any two or more of them to take poflefiion thereof; and that ip cafe any fuch perfon or perfons lo in poflefiion as aforefaid, (hall refufe to give fuch poflefiion as aforefaid, then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commifiioners, or any two or more of them to iflue their precept or precepts to the Iheriffs of the county of the city of Dublin, to deliver pof-feflion of the premifles to fuch perfon or perfons as lhall in fuch precept or precepts be nominated to receive the lame, and the faid IherifFs are hereby required to deliver fuch pof-feflion accordingly of the faid piemiflcs, and to levy fuch colls as lhall accrue from the ifluing and executing of fuch precept or precepts, on the perfon or perfons fo refilling to g’ve poflefiion as aforefaid, by diiircfs and i’ale of his, her, or their goods.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforelaid. That in all cafes in which fuch juries have afieflfed and awarded, or lhall aflefs and award, the fum or fums to be paid to the feveral perfons interefted in the grounds, houfes, and buildings neccflary to be purch?fed for the purposes of the faid ads, and the faid commifiioners have given, or lhall give judgment for fuch fum or fums of money fo aflefled and awarded ; if any perfon vvhatfoever, having or claiming any eftate or interell in fuch grounds, houfes, and buildings, lhall for the fpace pf three years next after the time of luch judgment fo given, make or execute any new

leafe,

Any kafe made of fuch houfes, See. for three yeari after judgment be given for the fums awarded, except to the commit lioners, lhall be void.

*

The twentyfx/h Tear of George III.

Jeafe, or conveyance of fuch grounds, houfes, and buiidfogs, or of any part thereof, to any perfon or perfons, for any term or time whatfoever, fave ooly to the faid com million -ers, fuch leafe or other conveyance, (hall, as agaioft the faid commiffioners, be abfolutely null and void to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had never been rtiade ; and that in all cafes whatfoever, of valuations by juries, under the faid ads, or any of them, two or more of the faid commiffion-ers (hall have full power to ifTue precepts to the (heriffs of the county of the city of Dublin, For impaiintUing juries, and to do and tranfad all matters relative thereto* any law to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

III. And whereas by means of the improvements in the an* mftreet°P&c' c**y pf Dublin made, or to be made in purfuance of aTherein. ’	° ^e faid ads, divers ftreets, lanes, courts, and alleys in the

faid city now open, may become uunecefiary i be it further tnaded by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, by wan ant under their hands and feals, to empower and dined any perfon or perfons whom they (hall appoint for that purpofe, to clofe and flop up any (Ircet, lane, court, or alley, or any part thereof, when and where the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them; (hall judge the fame to be tiecefiary, faid commiffioners firft giving rra-fonable notice to the inhabitants or other perfons interfiled, and that faid commiffioners or any three or more of them, fhall have power to renew the faid warrant from time to time, and as often as occafion (hall require.

Perfons in- IV. Provided always, That if any perfon or perfons (hall jured may pe-	think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved or injured by the

* *° *	(lopping up or taking away any fuch (Ireef, lane, court, or

alley, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch perfon or perfons to lay the fame by petition before the faid commiffioners, or aoy three or more of them, and the faid com-miffioners, or the furvivors or fuccefiors of them are hereby authorized and required to caufe the faid damage or injury to be valued by a jury or juries, before two commiffioners* in like manner as by the faid former ads, or any of them, > the right, title, and intereft of any perfon or perfons, in and to grounds, houfes, and buildings are to be valued; and the faid commiffioners, or the furvivors or fucccffors of them, (hall make juit compenfation for the damage and injury fuftained, and (hall have all fuch powers and authorities relative^thereto, as by the laid former ads or any of them, they are veiled with.

Covuxuffion- V. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, ers to agreefor That wherever theie are or (hall be wafle and unbuilt ground as herein11 * or £roUfl<k whereon houfes or buildings have been, or (hall

he

Commiffioik-

Digitized by

6*, .

The twenty fixth Teat of George III.

2*9

fc>e «“<e&ed, and fuch houfes or buildings have fallen, or been A* D. thrown down, or (hall fall or be thrown down, and part 1786. only of filch grounds (hail be neceflary for the faid com- Chap. 3a. mifTioners to be poflefled of for carrying into execution the purpofes of the faid feveral ads, the faid commiflioners or tVieir fucce(fors, or any three pr more of them (hall have full power and authority to agree with all and every perfon and perfons for the purchafe >of their refpe&ivc dlatei, terms, and interefts in fuch part and parts of all and every fuch grounds as they the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them (hall think neceflary for them to be pof-iefFed of or entitled unto, for the purpofes of the faid ads, or arty of thjrm, and in cafe of non-agreement as to the value of fuch part or parts of faid grounds, to have the "value thereof ascertained by a jury or juries, in fuch manner as by the faid former ads, or any of them, is direded as to valuations of purchafes by the faid commiflioners for the purpofes aforefatjd, and that fuch parts fo to be by them purchafed, {hall be conveyed to them in like manner, and \>y fdch perfon8, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, or others, as in and by faid former ads .or any of them, are in refped to purchafes made thereunder direded, and that the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them,

(hull have like remedies ways, and means for acquiring the poffefficn of fuch parts fo to be purchafed, as by the faid former ajds, or by this prefent ad, are given in refped to purchafes by the faid commiflioners for the purpofes of the faid a&s, or any of them.

VI.	Arid whereas the diredor of the publick coal-yards Apiffiwet© in the city of Dublin has opened a yard in a very conve-nient lituatiou near the Coal-quay, and a paflage therefrom goal yart^r into Winetavern-ftreet, would be very fervjjreable, and may be effe&ed a$ a fmall expence: be it further enaded. That upon application made to the faid commiflioners by the director of the faid coal-yard, they (hall proceed tQ value fuch	4.	"

ground, houfes, or buildings, as (hall be fpecified therein to be neceflary to make fuch paflage, and die faid commif-fioners (hall proceed in fuch valuation in like manner, and (hall have and exercife, and arc hereby veiled for that pur-, pofe, with all and every the powers veiled in them by law for opening any new flreet, or widening any old (Ireet, and upon fuch valuation being made, and the amount thereof paid to or depofited with the faid commiflioners, by the (aid truftees, for the ufe of the perfoh or perfons interefted, and upon all the expences attending fuch valuation being paid and fatisfied to the faid commiflioners; which feveral fums the faid dire&or is hereby authorised to pay out of the produce of coals fold by him, the (aid commiflioners (hall imme-

diately

0

#

The t&enty-fixth Tear of George III.

A. D. 1786. Chap. 32.

Jamea’i gate to be widened.

;; coaamif-(ioner* deemed fufficient to act as herein.

Inhabitants furrounding the new gardens, have expended upwards of lo,Ood. as herein.

Commiffion-ers are to expend 1120I. in the completion of the (aid work, Lc.

diatcly open the faid pafiage, or empower the faid dire&or fo to da.

XII.	And whereas certain old- houfes on the north fide* and a projecting brew-houfe, or other fuch out-office on the fouth fide of faint JamesVilreet in this city, in that part commonly called JamesVgate, now clofe op the paffage in a manner highly inconvenient and detrimental to paffengers, and to the trade of that part of the city: be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the commiffioners before men* tioned, or any three or fnore of them, may have power to apply a portion of the fund appropriated to make wide and convenient paffages in the city of Dnblin, not exceeding one thoufand pounds, towards the purchafe and removal of all, or fo much of either fuch old houfes or out-affioe as (hall lay open faid paffage of Jaracs’s-gate to fuch width as the faid commiffioners, or any three of them» (hall judge fufficient, purfuant to the powers given to the (aid aammiffion-ers in the before mentioned ad.

VIII.	And whereas feveral difficulties have arifen in carrying the aforefaid a6t into execution, from the number of commiffioners required to attend: be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes whereby the aforefaid

or any of them, five comtpifitoners are made neceflary to carry the fame into execution, it (hail and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or'any three of them* to (it and a& with as full powers and authorities as by the faid a£b, or any of them, the faid commiffioners, or any five of them, might have fat and acted, and that in fuch cafes, as bv the aforefaid a£ts, or any of them, twelve commiffioners are made neccffary, h (hall and may be lawful to and fot\ nine commiffioners in like manner, to carry the fame into execution. %

IX.	And whereas the proprietors or inhabitants of the forty-eight tenements furrounding the garden-ground of the' Lying-in hofpital have voluntarily expended, or made chargeable for ever on their feveral refpeftive properties, a fum of ten thoufand pounds and upwards for the embelliftunent and fecurity of this city : and whereas fuch a&s of pubiick be-nefit deferve the countenance of the legiflature, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the palling of this a&, it (hall and may be lawful for the commiffioners appointed by a& of Parliament for widening flreets and avenues in this city, to allot and apply a fum not exceeding one thoufand one hundred and twenty pounds for the completion of the work for which the faid fum has been expended or made chargeable, and for the removal of certain obftru&ions in the avenues leading to the new fquarc, the (aid fum of one thoufand one hundred and

twenty



%

The twenty^rfb Tear of George III.

trrenty pounds, to be accounted for to the commiflioners xxf accounts in the large manner and form as other monies grantt-cl by Parliament are by law tp be accounted for; any heretofore made to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding. .	-	*

X. And whereas it is of importance to the publick, tliat the bulimefs of the national bank (hall be carried On in a fofe ®iod convenient place in the city of Dublin, be it enacted by the authority aforefaidj That the faid commiflioners be

Houfes anl

fend 31 e hereby empowered to purchafe faeh houfe or houfes

?nd grounds as they (hall judge necefiary for the purpofes national bank.

aforefakl, by bargain or the verdift of a* jury or juries in

the manner already directed by this or any former aft, and

to convey the fame to the governor apd company of the

bauk of Ireland, provided the faid governor and company

lhall pay the full amount of all fuch into or fums as fhall be

adjudged by fuc^i bargain or verdift, together, with all. cofts

attending the fame, to the proprietors of fuch.houfes and

grounds, for. their right,- title, and intere!! therein. .

. XI. And whereas the commiflioners under this dft have beep obliged tp accept at the treasury, of treafury bills, and afterwards to difpofc thereof under par, for the pur-pofeb of this aft: be k farther enacted by? the authority ..	-

aforefaid, That in palling the accounts of fa^ copimiflioncrs difeou0^^* , before the cpm mill: oners of imprdl accounts, it dull an4 treafury hull, may be lawful far faid laft commiflioners to allow in the dilcharge part of fuch account, all fuch fum or fums of money as the faid commiflioners for opening paffages may have heretofore paid as.difcount or. lofs upon treafury bills, by them received as money at the treafury..

XII. And be it cnafted by the. authority afore Faidj The road from. That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners, Bir^ck-ftrect or any nine or more of them, as foon as conveniently they Jo he widened^ may, to alter aful widen the road weftward leading from Barrack-ilreet to Ida nd^ bridge, not lefs than lixty faet in breadth.

. XIII. And be it alfo cnafted by the authority aforefaid, Power of the Tlint all powers touching all matters and things hereby veiled commiflionersi in the commiflioners under this aft, (hall be conftrued, and 18 hwein* are hereby declared to extend to. all places within the limits of the circular road..	•

., XIV. Andlt be it cnafted by the authority • aforefaid. Number* to for the better recovery of regulations of licences on pri- he uken out vate fedan chairs, That the feveral and refpeftive proprie-^°r P^,v?te -tors be obliged on or before the firft day of Auguft ^c ** next, to take out numbers from the governors of the Foundling-hofpital and Work-houfe, in a firailar manner, and under flmihr penalties as are heretofore required

refpefting

- Dtgil	UooQle

ig2	The twentyfrxlh Tear of George III.

A. D. refpe&ing the putting (lamps on private coaches aud car-1786- nages.

Chap. 32. XV. And whereas the lorvl mayor, flieriffs, commons, and citizens of the city cf Dublin, and the committee «p-

Debts con- pointed by them, for carrying on the bufmefs of the bal-lordnuLpurfuauce of the ad of the fixtli of Quccu for carrying on Anne, have from time to time borrowed divers Aims of the balkh-bffice money for the purpofe of building and carrying on the bal-wail, fhall be a laft office wall, whereof there now remains conGderable Anna ?1^dieWi Ii€0t ^UC ^0f Pnnc,P*^ intereft: and whereas doubts have SThppro^g^ arifen whether the faid lord mayor, fiieriffs, commons, and tbt harbour. citizens, or the committee appointed by them as afore faid, were empowered by the faid ad, or any other ad of Parliament, to charge the funds granted to them by ad of Parliament, with the money fo borrowed: and wherea3 it is juft and reafonablc. that the feveral fair creditors who lent their money for this ufcful purpofe ftiould be repaid the fame ; and that all Aims of money now juftly due for principal or intereft, or which may hereafter become due for intereft thereof, fhould be a charge and hen upon the funds appropriated by any ad or ads of Parliament, to the improvement of the port, harbour, or river of Dublin, for the improvement of which fuch Aims have been expended : be it therefore enaded. That all and every the juft debt and debts which have been contraded by the faid lord may* or, fheriffa, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, or the committee appointed by them, for carrying on the bufinels of the baUaft-office, for the purpofes aforefaid, and /hall be certified to have been applied to fuch purpofes, /hall be a charge and lien upon all and every the fund or funds which are already or may hereafter be granted by any ad or ads of Parliament, for the purpofe of improving the port, harbour, and river of Dublin, and they are hereby made a charge and lien upon fuch funds.

Commiffioo- XVI. And be it further enaded, That the coramif-enof imprett	fi oners of impreft accounts (hall, and they are hereby em-

l^rumtpdd Powcred *nd required to pafs in account, all fuch fun; a/httcLu.**10* or °f moncT 33 apprar to them to have been paid out of the funds aforefaid, in difeharge of the principal or intereft of fuch debts fo contraded, for the purpofes aforefaid, and which have been applied to the faid purpofes.

300I. allowed XVII. And be it enaded by* the authority aforefaid, ^lErein^ That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners to apply any Aim not exceeding three hundred pounds, to the purdialing and removal of a certain building projeding fifteen feet into Cavendifh-ttreet, on the fouth end thereof, the fame to arife out of the fund heretofore appropriated

for

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by i^ooQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^ooQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by L^ooQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by

Google

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by

Google

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by

Google

Digitized by

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by

Google

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by Google

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by Google

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by Google

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by GOO^k

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by

Google

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by

Google

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by GoogI

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by

Google

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Digitized by v^.ooQle .

The Iwenty-fixth Year of George III.

24r

Asking any interlude, kc. on anv lkage,

7 c not eftab-

II.	And be it farther enabled by the authority aforefaid, A. D. That from and after the firll day of Jane, one thou and 1786. feven hundred and eighty fix, no perfon or perfons (hall, Chap. 57. for hire, gain, or any kind of reward whatfoever or how-foever, a&, reprefent, or perform, or caufe to be a ted, re-prefented, or performed, any interlude, tragedy, comedy, prelude, opera, burletta, play, farce, pantomime, or any part or parts therein, on any (tage, or in any theacre, hqufe, hided by patent, booth, tent, or other place within the faid city of Dublin, or the liberties or fuburbs, or county thereof, or within the county of Dublin, under any colour or pretence whatfoever, fave and except in fuch theatre or phy-houfe as (hill be fo edablifhed or kept by letters patent as aforefaid, under the penalty of forfeiting the fum of three hundred pound* fter-ling for every fuch offence, one moiety to be paid to the governors or guardians of the Lying in-hofpital, or their known treafurer for the time being, to be applied to the ufe of that charitable inftitution, the other to the perfon or perfons who (hall profecute and fue for the fame, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of hi* Ma-jefty’s courts of record at the Four-courts in D ublin, in which no effoign, protection, or wager of law, and but one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

III.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained, Nottoprohi-(hall extend or be conftrtlfcd to extend to any places of pub- bir entertain-lick refort, entertainment, or exhibition of any kind what-	t\e

foever, that noware, or hereafter may be ereCted or eftab- |(y„lr.; hofpi-lifhed on any of the prermfTes belonging to the hofpital for ul, a* herein, the relief of poor lying-in women in the city of Dublin, fo long as the profits arifing1 from faid entertainment or exhibitions (hall be applied to the fupport of that charity, fo that neither regular tragedy or comedy (hall be exhibited therein.

IV.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained, (hall Not to prohi* extend or be conftruedto extend to prevent the exhibition of

any feats of horfemanlhip, puppet-lhew, or fuch like ipecits £1 cmaU of entertainment.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Interlude*,

That if any interlude, tragedy, comedy, prelude, opera, bur- per’dimed

letta, play, farce, pantomime, or any a6t, feene, or part therein, ,n t,Ja<fl8 ,itrc‘

. „ [	,	r r _	e	1	r	,n» liable to pc-

mall be acted, reprelented, or performed in any houle or naity#

place where wine, ale, beer, or other liquors (hall be foM, or goods of any kind retailed, or any kind of entertainment exhibited, for which any money (hall be paid, the fa ne (hall be deemed to be a£tcd, reprefented, or performed for gain, hire, and reward, and liable to the penalties aforefaid V0L.VII1.

VI And

:4*

A. D.

Vrofceution* as herein.

The twenty-fixth Tear of George III.

VI.	And he it further ena&ed by the authority aforc-faid, That no perfon (hall be liable to be profecuted for any offence againft this act, unlefs fuch profecution (hall be commenced within the fpace of fix calendar months after the offence committed ; and that this ad (hall be to all intents and purpofe* deemed, notified, and takeu as a pablick aft.

The perfons herein to open a fubferiptioa for etching a bridge, dec.

One-fifth of the^ium ro be paid, as herein.

•Every loci, paid, (hall be laid out. as b vein.

CHAP. LVIII.

An A3 for luiliJ'ng a Brieve over the River Suir at Waterford,

YXTHEREAS the building a bridge over the river Suir ^ * at Watcrfoid, will tend to cncreafe the trade of faid city, and by uniting the provinces of Lcinller and Munfter, promote agriculture, and be of publick utility : be it enacled by the King’s moft excellent Majelly, by and w»th the advice and con Cent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That immediately after this prefent ad (hall pafs into a law, the govern >r or governors of the county of the city of Waterford, the right reverend the bifhop of Waterford and Uimure, the representatives of the county of Waterford, the repiefentaiivcs of the county of the city of Waterford, the dean of the cathedral church of Waterford, the mayor, recorder, and (heriffs of the faid city of Waterford, all for the time being, and their fucctfibis, lhall open a fubfeription for building a bridge over the river Suir at Waterford, which faid fuhfcrip tion (hall be kept open until the furn of thirty thoufand pounds be fubferibed for the purpofes aforefaid, and for the other purpofes herein after mentioned.

II.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That tl e perfon or perfons fo fubferibing, (hall, within fix calendar months after fuch fubferiptiori be elofed, pay in one-fifth of the fum fo fubferibed to fuch perfon appointed for that purpofe by the perfons herein before mentioned, and in default of fuel, pa ment, the fubfeription of every perfon failing to pay, lh ail be abfolutcly void to all intents and purpofes ; and faid perfons, herein before appointed for that purpofe, Hi all open a new fubfeription for filling up fuchde^ ficienev, or until the faid fum of thirty thoufand pounds in the whole (hall be fubferibed, and a depofit of ono-fifth be made thereupon.

III.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid perfons to whom the faid one-fifth part of faid fub-fer ip lions is to be paid, as foon and as often as a fum of one

hundred

The twentyfxfo Tear of George I ft.	243

hundred pounds fhall be paid unto them for the purpofes A. P. iforefaid, fhall lay out the fame on government fecurity, 178&. tvhcrfe the fame is to remain until the faid fubferibers fhall be Chap% 58. incorporated purfuant to this a£t, and that as foon as the faid fubferibers fhall be fo incorporated, the faid perfons fhall Affigti and tfatisfer fuch ffecurities, and all intereft thereon to the faid fubferibers for the purpofes of this aft

IV.	And be it cnadled by the authority aforefaid, That Nofubfcrip-

00 perfon fhall be permitted to fubferibe lefs than the fum of tien th»n fifty pounds.	5°l

V.	And be it enkfted by the authority aforefaid, That when i-$th da foon as one-fifth part of the fum fubferibed, be paid as of the fubferip-aforefaid, fuch fubferibers fhall be united a id eredled into tion i* paid, tb# One company for the building of faid bridge, and from thenceforth be one body politick and corporate, by the name ,nto a company, of the commiffioners for building a bridge over the river a* herein.

Suir at Waterford, and have perpetual fucceflion, and have,

& common feal, and by that name may fue and be fued, and ffiafl from thenceforth, by virtue of this ad, be fully empowered to deGgn, affign, and lay out in what manner faid	%

bridge /hall be built, and over what particular part of faid river: provided that the faid bridge fhall not be built lower down at the eaft end of faid city than Thomas-flreet, and that twenty-one days previous notice fhall be given in the Waterford n ewf-paper, of the day on which the feite of faid bridge is to be determined; and that the faid commif*

/ioners, and their fuccefTors,fhall by themfelves, their agents, overfeers, workmen and fervants, be fully empowered to build, carry on, and complete faid bridge ; and alfo fhall be capable in law, by fuch name, to take fecurities for any fum or fums of money due, or to be due to them in their corporate capacity as aforefaid ; and for performance of any agreement entered into with them, or for the due execution of any power or authority committed to any perfon or perlons concerned in faid bridge, or the tolls or duties thereof, and alfo to enter into and execute all fuch contrads and agreements as fhall be neceflary for, or relate to the carrying the purpofes of this a£t into execution.

VI.	And be it ena£led by the authority aforefaid, That Debenture the fum to be raifed for the purpofe of building faid bridge, °f cach. fhall be raifed by debentures of fifty pounds each, and not

lefs, which debentures fhall, and are hereby made transferable as herein after mentioned and directed.

VII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Suhfcr; tiont the perfon or perlons fo fubfcribing, fhall be obliged to pay to ^ paia

in the fum or fums by him, her, or them fo refpedively 3s hcreiiu fubferibed in ten equal dividends in manner herein after mentioned, that is to fay, the firfl dividend being one-fifth as Q_2	aforefaid,

244

The twentyTear of George III.

Dividend* unpaid, imh prr-(base ihall be fold.

afortfrid, to be paid to the perfons herein before mentioned, within fix months after fuch fubfeription (hall be elofed : and the next dividend being one-tenth of the original fubferip-tion, within fix months from that time, and foon, an equal dividend every fix months unto the faid commiflioners, or their Jucceflbrs, until the whole fum or fums, by him, her, or them, fo refpedisely fubferibed, fiiall be paid ; and tliat each perfon fo fubfenbing, fiiall receive a debenture or debentures for the fum or fums by him or her fo paid, which debenture or debentures are refpe&ively to be numbered, figned, and fealed by faid commiflioners, or their fuccdlbrs, or any five or more of them, and entered in a book or re-gifter to be kept for that purpofr.

VIII.	Provided, That if any dividend or dividends be not paid by the perfon or perfons fo fubferibing, their reprefeo-tatives or afligns, within twenty-one days after the refpc&ive days of payment as aforefaid, the (hare or (hares of the pcT-fon or perfons fo refufmg to pay the fum or fum3 fo fubferib-ed in manner aforefaid, (hall be fold by publick cant by the ,	faid commiflioners, or their fucceflors, or any twenty-one a*

more of them, after having firfl caufed publick notice of fuch fale, to be given twenty-one days at lead before the day of fuch fale; and fuch perfon or perfons fo refilling or ne* glaring, (hall be from thenceforth for .ever barred from fuch fharc or (hares, and all profits arifing therefrom, and of all intereft in the fame, both in law and equity 5 and fuch (hare or (hares, and all profits and advantages therefrom, (hall from thenceforth be veiled in fuch purchafer or purchafers.

Commiflioner* IX. Be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That if at to make (hares, any time after one calendar month next enfuing the doling of a* herein.	the	faid original fubfeription, faid company (hall be minded

to enlarge the capital (lock, the commiflioners, and their fue-cefiors, are empowered, from time to time, to caufe new (hares of fifty pounds each, in the faid joint-ftock, to be made out, and to fell the fame to any fubferiber, at fuch rate ar faid commiflioners, or their fucceflors, or any twenty-one or more of them, (hall appoint, or by publick cant, and faid fums fo fubferibed, fiiall be added, and become part of the joint-flock of the company.

X.	And he it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Tiiat it fiiall and may be lawful for every proprietor of fuch

Proprietors tf flock mav be-

aucarh or afiign joint-flock, to bequeath the fame, or to aflign the kmc in the fame.	his hfe t;me> an(j every aflignment which lhall be made of

any part of the joint-ftock, fiiall be entered and made in a book for that purpofe, to be kept at fuch place as (hall be appointed by the faid commiflioners, or their fucceflors, or any twenty one or more of them, and no aflignment thereof

lhall

The twentyfjxth Tear of George III.	245

fhall be deemed good, until entry thereof be made in fuch A. D. book.	1786.

XI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Chap. 58. as foon as the faid commiflioners (hall have appointed and af-

figned how and in what manner the faid bridge (hall be built, Perfons inte-the faid commiflioners, or their fucceflors, before they (hall [tc^c<* *t” ^ proceed to build faid bridge, (hall fummon the owner or funimoned ° owners, and all perfons whaGtfoever, having or claiming any as herein, edate or intereft in, and to the ferry plying for hire over faid river Suir, from the quay at Waterford, to the oppofite fide of faid river, to meet faid commiflioners, or their fucceflors, or any twenty-one or more of them, at fuch time and place in faid city, as (hall be mentioned in fuch fummons, in order to agree with fuch owner or owners, or other perfon or perfons, either for the purchafe of their refpe6five eftate and intereft in faid ferry, or to make them rerompence for any damage or lofs that may be fuftained by them refpe&ively, by the building of fuch bndge, at the ele&ion of fuch commiffioners, which fummons (hall be ferved upon, or left at the dvvefling-houfe of fuch perfon or perfons refpe&ively, fourteen days at leaft before they (hall tje required to meet faid commiflioners.

XII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, All perfons That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick, ln.Vre ^ ’ ma* corporate, and collegiate, aggregate or foie, feoffees in ** herem?0^ truff, guardians, committees to lunaticks and ideots, executors, adminillrators, and guardians, and tenants for life, not

only for and on behalf of themfelves, their heirs and fuc-ceffors, but alfo for and on behalf of the cejlui trufts, whether infants or iflue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, feme fovertt, or other perfons whatfoever, and to and for all perfons who are or (hall be feized, pofleffed, or interefled in the aforefaid ferry, to fell and convey fuch ferry to faid commiflioners, or the fucceflors of them, and that all contra&s, agreements, and conveyances which (hall be made by fuch perfon or perfons, (hall be good and valid in law, to all intents and purpofes, to convey all the edate, right, title, and intereft, ufe, property, claim, and demand whatfoever, as well by him, her, or themfelves, as his, her, or t eir feve-ral and refptftive cefui que truds, whether infants or iffue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, feme coverts> or other perfons whomfoever, and of all perfons claiming, or to claim by* from, or under them, or any of them : and if it (hall happen, that any perfon or perfons, bodies politick, corporate, or other perfon or perfons having or claiming any edate, right, title, or intereft in filch ferry', (hall refufe, negl.'Cl, or decline to agree with faid.commiffioners, or the fucreffors of them, or any twenty-one or more of them, for the fale

or

Digitized by t^ooQle

246  A. D.  1786. Chap. 42.	Tie tweniyfxti Tear of George III.  or conveyance of their refpe&ive eflates, rights, titles, interefts in fuch ferry, or fhall not male out a title to fuch eft ate or inteieft as they claim, to the fatiffa&ion of the f faLd commifTiunen, or the fuccefTors of them, or any twenty-one or more of them, that then and in fuch cafe, it fall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or the fuc-ceflors of them, or any five or more of them, and they arc hereby empowered and authorized to iflue a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, dire&ed to the fhei ifL of the county of the city of Dublin, who are hereby authorized and required accordingly to empannel and return a competent number of perfons qualified to ferve on juries in the laid county of the city of Dublin, not lefs than thirty-fix, nor more than fixty, and out of fuch ptrfons fo to be empan-nellcd, fummoned, and returned, a jury of twelve perfons ft 1 all be drawn by feme perfon, to be by the laid coxnmif-fioners, or the fuccefTors of them, or any five or more of them appointed in fuch manner as juries for the trial of ifFuei jointd in his Majcfty’s four courts at Dublin, by an a& made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Ma-jefty King George the fecond, entitled, . n ad for the better regulating juries, and the feveral aCis for the rentwal thereof, are directed to be drawn, which ptrfons fo to be impannel-Itd, are hereby required to appear before the faid commif-fioners, or the fuccefTors of them, or any five or more of them, at fuch time and place as fuch warrant or wairants, precept or precepts fhall be dire&ed, and to attend faid cominiffioners from day to day, till difchaiged by faid ccra-miflioners, or by any five or more them, and all parties concerned fhall and may have their lawful challenges againft any of faid jury-men, when they come to be fworn, but fhall not be at liberty to challenge the array; and the faid com-mifiioners, and the fuccefTors of them, or auy five or piore of them, arc hereby authorized and empowered by precept or precepts, from time to time, as occafioo fhall requite, to call before them all and every perfon or perfous whomfo* ever, who fhall be thought neceftary to be examined as wit* nefles before them, and to examine him, her, or them, on his, her, or their oath or oaths, touching or concerning the premifTes; and the faid commiflioners, or the fuccefTors of them, or any five or more of them, fhall have power to adjourn fuch meeting from time to time, as occafion fhall require, and to command fuch jury, wit nefles, and party to attend, until fuch affairs for which they were fo fummoned fhall be concluded, and the faid jury, upon their oaths, which oath the faid commiflioners, and their fuccefTors, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to adminifter, (hall well and truly enquire ijito the value

The twntyjixth Tear of George 111.

247

lue of fuch ferry, and of the refpe&ive cflate, right, title, A. D. ai)d intereft of every perfon and perfons feized or poflcfled 1786. . thereof, or interefted therein, or of, or in any part thereof, Chap. 58. and (hall afTefs and award the funvor fums to be paid to every fuch perfon or perfons for the purchafc of fuch their refpec-tive eftates, rights, titles, and interefts; and the faid com-miflioners, and the fucceflbrs of than, or any five or more of thevq, (hall and may give judgment for fuch fum or fums of money fo to be aflefled, which faid vcrdi& or verdids, and the faid judgment thereupon, (notice in writing being given to the perfon or perfons interefted, at leaft fourteen days before the time of the firft meeting of faid jury, de-daring the time and place of fuch meeting of the laid companion ers and jury, by perfonally fervuig'fuch perfon or perfons with fuch notice, or by leaving fuch notice at the dwelling houfe or houfes of fuch perfon ©r perfons, or l>y leaving it with fome perfon or occupier of the faid ferry, intended to be valued and aflefted) (hall be binding and con-clufive to all intents and purpofes, againft all and every perform and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, claiming any eftate, right, title, truft, ufc, or intereft, in, to, er out of the ferry £b intended tp be purchafod, or any reverfion* remainder, or expe&ancy therein.

XIII.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority afore- ^ TTponpay-Jaid, That upon payment of fuch fuip or fums of money fo ment of the to be awarded or adjudged, the perfon or perfons to whom fums awar4fid, the fame lhall be awarded (hall make and execute good and	M

legal conveyances tq the faid commiftioners, or the fucceffor$ hereiti. ' of them, or any five or more of them, of the faid ferry, pr of fuch eftate, right, title, or intereft for which fuch fum or fums of money (hail be .fo awarded, and (hall do al] K* quifite to make a gpod title to the faid commiffioners j and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons to whom fuch fum or fums (hall be awarded as aforefaid (hall not be able to make out their title to the premiftes to the faid commiffioners, and to jnake or procure to be made, good, valid, and legal conveyances thereof to the faid commiflioners, or (hall refufe or neglect fo to do, being thereunto required, and fuch fum or fums fo afleiTrd and awaided a* aforefaid, being tendered to be paid to him, her, or them on his, her, ot their making fuch title, and executing, or procuring,to be executed, fuch conveyances, affignmeats, and affurances as aforefaid, or in cafe fuch perfon or perfons to whom fuch fum or fums of pipney (hall be awarded as aforefaid, cannot be fouud, or in cafe by rcafon of difputcs or differences, or for dcfe& of evidence, it (hall not appear to the faid corainifliouers what perfon or perfons is or are eptitled to the premiftes in quef-ppn, pr if any mortgagee or mortgagees (hall refufe to take

in

Digitized by

byGcfbglc

The twentyftxth Tear of George III.

A. D.

17 $6. Chap. $8.

Bargain* *nd falet valid.

If the princi-5rc due on * any n-ortgat e Ota]I he refilled, &c ii;tcrcft /hall *eafe.

CommilTion • ers empowered to fine the rtic-riff% fee. who become defaulters*

in hi*, her, or their mortgage money due on or oat of the prr-mifles, after notice given for that purpofe as herein is provided, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be hwf 1 to and for the (aid commiffioners, or the fucceffors of them, or any five or more of them, to pay into the bank of Iie-land the faid fum or fums fo awarded as the pnrehafe money for the faid ferry, or, as (hall be due on luch mortgagee-mortgages for the ufe of the parties intcrefted in the hid prenrvflcs to be paid to them according to their refpc&ive eftatesand inter? flsa* fuch times as to the lord high chancellor of Ireland (hall feem meet, and immediately on payment of tb: faid fum or fums fo awarded as aforel'aid, all the dfate, right, title, interefl, ufe, trull, property, claim, and demand in law or equity of the perfon orperfons for whofe ufe the money fhall be paid as aforefaid, (hall vtft in faid commidioners, and they fhall be deemed in law to be in the a&ual fei/in and polUflion theieof to all intents and purpofes as fully and effectually as if any perfon having any cllate in faid ferry had adually conveyed the fame to the faid commidioners.

XIV And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, T: at all bargains and fales whatsoever of the faid ferry fhall have the force and efFeft in law to all intents and purposes which any fine or fines, recovery' rr recoveries would have if levied or fuffered by the bargainer or bargainers, or any perfon ftized of any efiate in faid ferry.

XV- And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon or perform who Hi all have any mortgage or mortgages on fuch fer ry, (ball cn the tender and payment of the principal money and interell due thereon fcy faid commidioners, or the fuccedbrs of them, or any five or more of them, immediately afiign fuch mortgage or mortgages to faid commidioners, or the fuccedbrs of them, or any five or more of them, or to any perfon they or any five or more of them fhall appoint in trult for them, and in cafe fuch mortgagee or mortgagees fhall have notice in writing from faid commidioners, or the fuccedbrs of thtm, or any five or more of thtm, that they will pay eff and di:-charge the principal and inteieft which fhall be due on faid mortgage at the end of fix months from fuch notice given; and that at the end of faid fix months, rn payment or tender of payment of faid ptiucipal and interell fo due, fuch mortgagee or mortgagees fhall refufe, negleft, or omit fo to aiTign as aforefaid, on fuch tender or payment, then, and in fuch cafe, all interell on eveiy fuch mortgage fhall ctafe and determine.

XVI And be it ena&ec} by the authority aforefaid, Th*t it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commidioners, or the fuccedbrs of them, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to impofe dny reafonablc fine, nQt exceeding

ten





r

The twentyfixth Tear of George III.	249

the fum of ten pounds, on any fheriff or fheriffs, or their A. D. deputy or deputies, bailiffs or agents refpe&ively, who (hall 1786. ’ make any default in the premises, and on any perfon who Chap. fhall be fummoned and returned on fuch jury or juries, who Vw—-fhall not appear, and alfo on any witnefs or witnefles who fhall not attend, and who fhall attend, and refufe to be fworn, or who being fworn and fhall refufe to give evidence, and on any perfon fummoned and returned on fuch jury or juries who fhall refufe to be fworn on any luch juries, or being fworn thereon, fhall not give his or their verdift, or fhall in any other manner wilfully negled his or their duty in or touching the premifTes contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, and from time to time to levy fuch fine or fines by order or warrant of the faid commiflioners, or their fucceflbrs, or any five or more of them, by didrefs and fale of the offender's goods, together with the reafonable charges of every fuch didrefs and fale, returning the overplus if any be, to the owners, and all the fines which fhall be fo recovered and received fhall be applied to the purpofes of this aft.

XVII. And for as much as the crefting and building ' faid bridge, fo intended to be built, and the repairing, preferring, enlightening, watching, and fupporting the faid bridge, and purchafing faid ferry, and fupporting and maintaining fuch ferry or ferries as fhall or may be edablifhed on faid river Suir by virtue of this aft, mull be attended with confiderable charge and expence : be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, and the fucceflbrs of them, or any twenty-one or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to take and receive, or caufe to be taken and received, in the nature of a toll, before any pafiage over the faid bridge fhall be permitted, any fum which the faid commiflioners, or the fucceflbrs of them, or any twenty-one or more of them, at any meeting or meetings fhall direft, not exceeding the following rates, that is to fay, for every Rates of tefl* coach, berlin, chariot, calath, chaife, or chair, drawn by j®* pafling faid iix or more horfes, or other beads of burden, the fum of bn ^c‘ three fhillings; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, drawn by any lelfer number of horfes, or other beads of burthen than fix, and more than two, two fhillings and fix pence ; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, drawn with two horfes or other beads' of burthen, the fum of one fhilling ; for every waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage with four wheels, drawn by four or more horfes, or other beads of burthen, the fum of one fhilling ; by lefs than four horfes, or other beads of burthen, the fum of ten pence ; for every waggon, -wain, cart, car, or other carriage with two wheels, drawn by more than *	two



Digitized by (^rOOQle

*5°

A. D.

1786. Chap. 58.

' The twenty fixtb Tear of George III.

two horfes, or other beads of burthen, the fun of eight pence ; for every cart, .car, or other carriage, drawn by two horfes, or other beads of burthen, the fum of ha pence halfpenny ; for every carriage commonly called a chaife or chair, with two wheels, drawn with one horfe, or other bcaA of burthen, the fum of fix peucc halfpenny; if with four wheels* ten pence ; foi every ft dan chair the fum of four pence; for every cart, car, or other carnage, drawn by one horfe, or other bead of burthen, and not laden, the fum of twopence-halfpenny ; for every cart, car, or other carriage, drawn by one horfe, or other bead of burthen, and laden, (except with hogs) the fum of fix pence halfpenny ; for every (kdge. Hide, or other carriage without wheels, drawn in any manner, the fum of one (hilling ; and for all carnages wbatioevew, drawn in or. by any other manner than as aforefaid, the form of fix pence halfpenny; for every horfe, gelling, mare* mirlc, afs, dr other bead of burthen, laden, and not drawing, the fum of two pence : for every horfe, gelding, marc* mule, or afs, unladen the fum of one penny; for every drove of oxen or neat cattle, the fum of three (billings and four pence per icorq, and fo in proportion for a greater or let ler number ; for every drove of calves, hogs, (beep, or lambs, the fum of ten pence per fcore, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefs number ; for every dead hog, the fum of one penny ; for every perfon carrying or conveying a kilh, basket, fack-load, or pack of any kind, the fum of one penny; for every drove or dock of fowl whatfoever, the fum of three pence per dozen, and fo in proportion for a greater or le(Ter number; for every padenger palling over faid bridge (except fuch perfon or pcrfoiis as (hall be driven in fuck coach, chariot, berlin, chaifc, chair, or calafh, and the driver or drivers thereof, and the footman or footmea, Tenant Of favauls thereof, Handing behind the feme) the fum of one halfpenny each; which faid refpedive fum and fums of money (hall be demanded and taken in the name of or as a jnntage, toll or duty, and the money fo to be raifed as afore* laid, is and (ball be hereby veiled ip the faid com mi (boners, and tire fucceffors of them for ever, and the feme and every part thereof, (hall be applied and difpofed of, and be aflrgned to and for the feveial tiles, intents and purpolcs, and in £uch traniu r a* herein alter is mentioned and directed, and the faid c«>n n illioncrs, and the luccdl’ors of them, or any twenty-one or mote of them, are hereby empowered by themfelves, or any perfon or perfons by them, or any twenty-one or more of them, under their hands and common leal thereto, authorized to levy the tolls or duties by this ad appointed and uquired to be paid, upon any perfon or perl'ons who (hall after demand made thereof* oegled, or refufc to pay the fame,

by



*

Digitized by

Google

The tfluentyfalb Twr of Georg* III.	151

by dift refs of ^ny carriage, horie, or other cattle or good* upon which any fuch toll or duty is by this a& impofed, or npon any other of the goods or chattels of any fuch perfbn or perfons as ought to pay tbe fame, and may detain the fara$ until fuch toll or duty, with the wmfonablc charges of fuch difLraiaiog and keeping fhall be paid, and it (hall be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons (a diflraining, after the ipace of four days after fuch diftrtis made and taken, to Cell tbe goods diftrained, by publick audion, returning the overplus ' if any be) upon demand, to the owner, after fuch toll, duty, and reasonable charges for diftraiiiing and keeping the- fame, (hall be deducted and paid.

XVIII. And be it eng&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commif-fioners, and the fucceffors of them, or any twenty-one or more of them, and they. are hereby authorized and empowered to ered and place a toll-houfe or toll-houfes, and a toll-gate or toll-gates at or near faid bridge, and the faid commiflioners, and the fucceffors of them, or any twenty-one al)d or more of them, are hereby empowered, and any perfon	a*

or perfons, by them thereto authorized* as herein after men • tioned, are hereby empowered to receive at fuch gate or gates, the toll* or duties required by Virtue of this ad, to be paid, before the pa/Tage of any perfon, carriage, cattle,

01 goods through the faid gate or gates; and that any perron forcing a paffage through fuch gate or gates, for himfelf or herfclf, his or her carriage, cattle, or goods, and not paying the due and regulated tolls, or fhall wilfully and mali-cioufiy drlleoy, break, pull down, or damage any gate or gates, tolj-boyfe or toll-houfes, eroded by virtue of this ad, or fhall pt event or obftrud the eredion of any fuch gate or gates, toll-hbufe or toll-houfes, or fhall obilrud the collectors appointed by the faid commiflioners in colle&ihg faid tolls, or the perfons employed for that purpofe, may, for every fuch offence, be fumraoned perfonally, or by a fum-mons left at his or her ufjual place of abode, with fome per* fon living therein of the age of fixteen years and upwards, at the inftance of * the laid commiflioners, or of the perfon or perfons appointed by them to receive the fame, one day before the day on which his or Iyer appearance fhall be required, to appear before the mayor of laid city, his deputy, or one or more juftice or juitices of the peace for faid city, who fhall hear and determine the merits of faid complaint, in a	^

fummary Way, by the oath or oaths of one or more witoefs or witneffes, which oath fuch mayor, juftice, or juftices of the peace, is and arc hereby required to adminiflei, or by the confeflion of the party, and to enquire into, and deter* mine upon any offence as aforefaid, and fhall in cafe of proof

Toll honfe



Digitized by

*5*	TAe	tmxntyfixth Tear of George III.

A. D. of any fuch offence, whether the party complained again! 1786.	appears or not, if the fervice of the fummoua be duly pro-

Chap. 58.	ved, adjudge the perfoa or perfons guilty of fame, to

V—-—ypay to the faid commiflioners, or their facceffors, or any five or more of them, or to the perfon or perfons by them, or the fuccefTors of them, or any five or more of them airtho-. rized, any fum not exceeding ten pounds, with the nectf-fary cods and charges ; and in cafe of non-payment of fame, the fum to be adjudged by fuch mayor, juft ice or juftices of the peace, fhall be levied by a warrant of difirtfr under the hand and feal of fuch mayor, juft ice or ju&ica of the peace, on the goods and chattels of the perfon orper-fons fo adjudged to pay the fame, and the faid goods and chattels fo -diftrained, fhall and may, on any day after four days from the time of his diftraining, and within two days, be publickly fold, and out of the produce thereof, the fum fo adj udged (hall be paid to the perfon or perfons empowered to receive the fame, and the overplus (if any be) aftn deducing the cofts and charges, fhall be paid to the owner of fuch goods and chattels fo diftratned; and in cafe fuch di ft refs cannot be made, then, that the faid mayor, or other juftice or jnltices of the peace, fhall and may, and he or they are hereby empowered to commit the faid perfon or perfons to the common gaol of the faid city, there to remain without bail or mainprize for fuch time, not exceeding three months, as to the faid mayor, juftice or juft ices of the peace fhall feem fit and meet.

StidfciTy XIX. And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforc-That the faid commiflioners, and the fuccefTors of them, or any twenty-one or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered from the time they fhall pur-chafe the faid ferry as aforefatd, to ereft, eftablifh, keep, maintain and fupport the faid ferry, or one or more other ferry or ferries, with ferry boats to ply for hire over and acrofs the faid river Suir, with fuch and the like powers and authorities to take and colled toll and duty, and with the fame, and the like remedies for the recovery and enforcing the payment thereof, as are herein before given and granted to the faid commiflioners, and their fucceffors by this act, for the recovery' of the tolls and duties of the laid bridge.

Sareto’Ts XX. Provided always, nevertheless, That the faid com-hnatc * tt l0f rn^loncis» the fuccefTors of them, 01 thofe appointed by • '	them, 01 any twenty-one or more of them, to colled the

tolls and duties of faid ferry or ferries, fhall not take orexad more tolls or duties for the carriage of paflengers, carriage!, cattle or goods, over or acrofs the faid river, than are herein

before

Digitized by

Google

The twentfjixtb Tear of George III.

before particularly fet forth, and required to be taken for the pafTagc of faid bridge.

XXI.	And provided alfo, That faid ferry or ferries (hall not be eftablifhed higher up faid river than Bilberry Rock, nor lower down than the entrance of Saint .Catherine's Pill.

XXIX.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, in order to encourage perfons to fubferibe to faid undertaking, afterpayment That the entire produce of the faid feveral and refpeftive bemdmt£da, tolls and duties, after payment of the fum and fums of mo* at herein, ncy which (hall or may be borrowed in purfuance of this aft, by the faid commifiioners or the fucceflors of them, and the intereft thereof, and after the expence of repairing, enlightening, and watching faid bridge, and maintaining, flip* porting, and keeping faid ferry or ferries, and collefting the tolls thereon or thereat refpeftively, be proportiotnbly divided between the perfons holding fuch debentures, according to the value of their refpeftive debentures, every fix months for ever.

XXIII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid* Officer* to be That the faid commifiioners, or their fucceflors, or any aPP4»10t€d* twenty-one or more of them, fhall or may, by writing under their hands and feals, at a meeting to be had for that purpofe, giving fourteen days previous notice of fuch meeting, in the publick news-papers of faid city, appoint one or more regifter or regifters, clerk or clerks, treafurer or treafurers, receiver or receivers of money, to be raifed by and for the putpofes of this aft, and fo from time to time, to appoint others as they (hall find neceflary and convenient, and alfo fuch other officers as the faid commifTioners, or their fucceflors, or any twenty-one or more of them fhall think neceflary ; and the faid commiffioners* or their fuc-ccfTors, or any twenty-one or more of them, fhall and may take fufficient fecurity for the due execution of the refpeftive offices, by fuch perfons as the faid commifiioners, or the fucceflors of them, or any twenty one or more of them fhall think proper; and the faid commifiioners, or their fucceffors, or any twenty-one or more of them, may from time to time, remove at their will and pleafure, any of fuch officers, or other perfons, and appoint others in the room of fuch as fhall be removed or die, and (hall and may, out of the money raifed by this aft, make reafonable allowance to the regifters, treafurers, receivers, clerks, or other officers fo appointed, for or in coniideration of their offices, and to fuch other perfons as fhall be aiding and afiifting in the execution of this aft.

XXIV.	And be* it further enafted by the authority afore- Service of *•-faid, That ferviceof fuch regifter or any officer to be at any giltcr, time hereafter appointed by the faid commifiioners, or their

fuc-

The produce.

Digitized by

254	tmnlyjixth Year tf Georg* III,

A. D.	fueceflforS, or by afty one of them, with any fobpttna, *»r-

1786.	der, decree, or procefs of any court of law or equity, (hall be

Chap. 58.	good fcrvieeof the faid commiifioners or their fucce&brs,

V^V	fo as fuck ferviee be made fourteen day* at the kaft, bfcfore

the return of fuck fubpcena, order, decree, or prooefs.

Receiver*,	XXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afone-

to be appointed, (dn\y That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the fai<5 *c‘	commiffioners*	and	their	fucceflbrs,	or	any twenty-one or

more of them, to nominate and appoint fuch perfon or perfons to be receiver or receivers, collcdor or colledars of the faid feveral tolls and duties* as they ihall think fit, and all perfons by this ad liable to pay the faid tolls or duties, or any of them* are hereby required to pay the fame after the rates aforefaid, to fuch receiver or receivers, collector or collectors* and aU fuch receivers and colledors (hall re-fpedively pay the fame, at aU time and times when thereto required, either to the treafurcr of the faid commiffioners, or to fuch other perfon or perfons as the faid commiifioners,

•r their fuccefiTors, or any twenty-one or more of them, (hall empower and appoint by writing under their or any twenty-one or more of their hands and common feal for that purpose ; and that fuch receiver or receivers, collcdor or collectors aforefaid, (hall alfo upon oath, if required by the faid commiifioners, or their .fucceflbrs, or any five or moi c of them, which oath the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered to adminifter, from time to time, give in a true, exad, and perfed account in * writing, under their refpedive hands, of all monies which they and every of them, fhall to fuoh refpedive times have received, paid, and difburfed by virtr.c of this a'l, or by reafoii of their refpedive offices, for w hich oath no fee or reward (hall be taken, and the fame may be taken without any (lamp; and in cafe any luch receiver or receivers, colled or or colledors of tire faid toHs and duties, fhall no* make fiiCh account and payment, as by this ad is direded, the# any juftice or juftiecs of the peace for the county of the city of Wateiford, (hail commit fuch parry or parties refilling ot negleding fo to do, to the pubiick gaol of the county of the laid city, there to remain w ithout bail or main-prize, until he or they fhall hare made a true account and payment as aforefaid, or compound for the feme with the faid comniHIioncrs, or their fucceflbrs, or any twenty-one or more of them, and paid the money by every fuch compofitiou ilipulated to be paid.

ExaAing	XXVI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid,

more than kga That if any receiver or receivers, colledor or colledors of » ptna y th,. (aid feveral tolls and duties, (hall exad from, or compel auy perfon to pay any ciuty or toll, not authorized by this ad,

5	fuck

The twenty-ft xth Tear of George III.



Tuch receiver or receivers, colle&or or colleftors, (hall, for A. D. every fuch offence, forfeit five pounds, to be recovered in a 1786. furamary way before the faid mayor, or jnilice orjuftices of Chap the faid city, by any perfon from whom any unlawful toll or duty (hall be fo exafted.

XXVII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. Tolls miy be That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners, fct for 3 year*, or their fuectfiors, or any twenty-one or more of them, to demife or fet the faid toll#, or any tolls appointed by virtue of this aft, for any term not exceeding three years; and the faid commiifioners, or their fucceflbrs, or any twenty-one or more of them, are hereby required and empowered, under their hands and common feal, to appoint the faid tenant or tenants thereof, his or their fervant or fervanta, to receive and colleft faid toll* for fuch term at aforefaid, and to ereft fuch toll-gate or toll-gates as aforefaid; and the faid com-miffioners are hereby empowered to make and obtain fuch rules and regulations as they or their luceeffors, or any twenty-one or more of them, (hall judge nceeflary and expedient for the better colleft in g the tolls aforefaid.

XXVIIL And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. Tolls may be That the (aid commiffioners, or their fucceflbrs, or any mortgaged, &c. twenty-one or more of tbeifi, (hall and may, and they are ** herein, hereby empowered from time to time, by writing under their common teal, and to be (igned and executed by twenty-one or more of the faid commiffioners, or their fucceflbrs, to convey, affigiv, or mortgage the faid tolls or duties, or any part or parts thereof, for any term not exceeding thirty-one years, to fecure the repayment of any fum or fums of money to be borrowed or advanced to the faid commiffioners, or their fucceflbrs, for the purpofe of enabling them to pur- • chafe fuch ferry, and for the building and erefting faid bridge, and for the other purpofes of this aft, to fuch perfon or perfons, or their truflees, as (hall advance the fame, together with an annuity in lieu of intercft, not exceeding the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, for fuch fums as (hall be advanced on the credit of the faid tolb or duties fuch conveyance or conveyances to be fubjeft to redemption upon payment of the fura9 fo advanced, together with fuch annuity as aforefaid; and the fum or fums fo advanced, fhall be applied and difpofed of for the purchafi ng of fuch ferry, and for the other purpofes .of this acl; and the perfons fo lending and advancing upon the credit of the faid tolls or duties appointed by virtue of this aft as aforefaid, (hill not be anfwerable or accountable for the application, or non-application of faid money or monies fo lent or advanced.

XXIX. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. Mortgage That all perfons to whom fuch mortgage or fccurity (hall	^

be

Digitized by

*s*

The twenty-fixth Tear of George III.

A. D.

1786. Chap. 58.

Coirmiflion-et* co raiic money a.s herein.

Defrauding the receivers, penalty 20.

ricrecdings to be entered as herein.

Meeting for making ruies, See.

be made, or who fhall be entitled to the money thereby Cr-cured, may from time to time transfer and affign their right, title, intertft, and benefit, in and to faid mortgage or fe entities, and the principal and intereft thereby fecured to any perfon or perfons, by writing or endorsement on fuch fir-curities, and fuch transfer or aflignment fhall entitle fuch ai-fignee, his or her executors, adininiff rators, and afligns, to ail benefit tiicreof, and payment thereon; and fuch afSgnec may in like manner aflign and transfer the fame again.

XXX And be it enacted by the authority afore&d. That if the faid commiflioners, or their fucctffors, (hall find any deficiency or obftru&ion in railing a fufficient fum or fums of money from time to time for the purchafing of foch ferry, and for the other purpofes of this a6t, they (hall and may be, and are hereby empowered to raife the fame in any other manner they, or any twenty-one or more ot them, fhall judge neceffary.

XXXI.	And for preventing frauds and abufes in the receiving and colle&ing faid Several tolls and duties hereby made payable: be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons fhall attempt to deceive or defraud, or fhall deceive or defraud the receiver or rrceivm, collector or collectors, of the juft toll or duty, which he, fhe, or they fhall by this aCt be obliged to pay to fuch receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof conviCted before any one or more juflice or juftices of the peace for the faid city of Waterford, fhall refpeCtively forfeit and pay any fum at the diferetion of fuch juflice or juftices of the [>eace, not exceeding the fum of twenty Shillings, over and above the toll or duty which he, fhe, or they were liable to pay, to be levied, recovered, and difpofed of as any other penalty or forfeiture is directed to be levied, recovered, and difpofed of by this aCt.

XXXII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all aCts, orders, and proceedings to be done by the faid commiflioners, or their fucceflbrs, or by any of them, fhall be fairly wrote in a book to he kept for that purpofe by fuch regifter ot clerk, and be fubferibed on the fame day by fuch of the faid eommifhoners, or their fucceflbrs as (hall be then prefent, which book fhall remain in the cuilody of fuch regilter or clerk, to which book every perfon interdted may have accefs at all reasonable times to infpeCt without fee or reward.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, and their fucceflbrs, or any twenty-one or more of them, from time to time as occafioa Audi require,

t»

*the twenty ft xtl Tear of Gcorge III.	257

to alfcmbfe in the city of Waterford, orelfewhere, and from A. D.

time to time to adjourn fuch aflemblies, and at fuch aflem- 1786.

blie3 and adjournments from time to time make fuch rules, Chap. 58.

orders, and regulations for the purchafing the faid ferry,

and for building the faid bridge, and preserving the fame,

and for the efldblifhing and maintaining the faid ferry or fer-'

l ies, and (hall make contrail s. and do all other masters and

things as fhall or may appear to the faid commiflioners, or

their fucceflbrs, requifite and ncceflary for carrying on and

efiefting the purpoies of< this aft.

XXXIV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. No ferry boat That no perfon or perrons lhall keep or maintain any boat or Stowed, but the boats to ply for hire, over or acrofs faid river, at anyplace

between Bilberry Rock and Saint Catherine’s Pill as aforefaid, or to carry or convey any paffenger or paffengers, cattle, carriages, of goods, which is or are fubjeft or chargeable with toll or duty by this aft, over or acrofs faid river, except fuch perfon or peifons as (hall be lieenfed or appointed by the faid commiflioners, or their fucceflbrs, or any twenty-ofte or more of them, and in cafe any perfon or perfons fhall keep or maintain any boat or boats for any of faid purpofes, , or (hall convey any paflenger or paflengers, cattle, carriages, or goods, over or acrofs laid river within the before mentioned places, not lieenfed or appointed as aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfons being of any one of faid offences convift-ed before the mayor of the county of the faid city of Waterford, or any other jufliee or juflices of the peace for the faid city* by the oath of one or more witnefs or witneffes, or by the confeflion of the party, fhall forfeit and pay to the faid commiflioners, or their fucceflbrs, any fum faid mayor, or other juftice or juftices of the pv*ace fhall award, not exceeding the fmn of five pounds, wh'ch fum fhall be levied* recovered, and applied as any other fum, fine, or forfeiture, is to be levied, recovered, and applied by virtue of this aft. •

XXXV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. Said bridge That in cafe the faid commiflioners, or their fucceflbrs, fhall ^ ^rcin* not within the fpace of five years next after they fhall have purchafed the faid ferry, proceed in the building of faid

bridge, that then it fhall and may be lawful for the mayor, fheriffs, and citizens of the county of the city of Waterford, in their corporate capacity, upon payment of the fum paid by faid commiflioners, or their fuccefforsj for the pur-chafe of faid ferry, and the cufU and expences attending faid ferry, to poflefs themfclves of the fame, and to be from the time of faid payment, to all intents and purpofes feized and poflefled of faid ferry and the tolls thereof, and of the eftate, right, title, and in to reft of faid commiflioners, or their fucceflbrs therein, as fully as if the* original purchafe Vol. VIII.	R	M

^unu 1 br:y t» > a * iV H <>f it t r .is i! f« r the publick loads.

T,a«ip* tn he

fixeo on t>id biidge, &c.

The twenty-fixth Test of George III*

bad been made by faid mayor, (heriffs, and citizen*, from

the proprietor or proprietors thereof.

XXXVI.	Ami be it further enaded by the authority a fore fa id, That the avchiteds, managers, or perfems employ-cd to build the faid bridge, or fuch other perfon or perfoni as the laic! commifiioners, or their fucceffors, or any firt or more of them (hall appoint, Ihall have all and lingular the fame powers of railing and carrying away gravel, hone*, faith, or other materials, for the purpofe of ereding laid bridge, as are given by the laws now m force to the orer-feers of publick roads, and fubjed to the fame rtgtdatfocs and reftriclions.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That as foon as faid bridge is finifhed, the fiid commiiiioners or their fuccefTorB, or any five or more of them, flu/d ered and fix at the difiance of every twenty fett on both Iules of the faid bridge, giafs lamps with dochk burners, and the fame (hail yearly and every year be lighted ?»♦ \ burning throughout the year, for fuch time and time*, and fubject to fuch orders, rules, and regulations as (hall from time to time be made by the faid commifiioners, or their fuccefTors, or any five or more of them, and that the faid commifiioners, or their fucceffors, or any fire qr more cf them, fhail from time to time, after faid bridge is finiih* ed as aforefaid, nominate and appoint, not lefs than four aMe bodied watchmen to be kept upon the (aid bridge throughout the year, for the fafety and protedion of per-fons pilling over the fame, which watchmen fo to be appointed, lb all be fubjed to fuch rules, orders, and dirediont, a$ Ihall from time to time he made by the faid cofrtmiffionttt, or their fuccclfors, or any five or more of them, and re-movcnhle at their will and pleafurc, and the cxpence of buying and erecting the laid lamps or lights, and alfo the yearly charges of fupplying, maintaining, and repairing the fame, and the charge's and expeuces of watching the feid bridge, fhail be borne and paid out of the tolls and duties of the faid bridge, in this ad particularly fet forth, and in cafe the faid comrri{Turners or their fucceffors, Ihall not ered laid lamps as aforefaid, nnd keep the fame lighted in the fume manner, that other parts of-the faid city of Waterford are appointed to be kept lighted bv the llatute in that cafe made .and provided, or Ihall not keep a fufficfer.t number of watchmen as hot tin appointed, for the purpofe of watching faid bridge, then and in fuch cafe ft fhail end maybe lawful for the mayor of the city of Waterford, in cafe faid lamps/hall not be eroded, to purchafe and ered the fame, and in cafe the faid lamps fhail not he kept lighted, to have the fame lighted, and proper watchmen appointed for the puipole of

watching

Digitized by

Google

? hvtiMyfisib Year of George III.	259

watching faid bridge, the expence of which erefting, light- A. D. ing, and watching, (hall be paid by faid commiflioners out 1786, of the tolls of faid bridge, and in cafe of their refufal to NCvap. e8. pay the fame, the faid mayor is hereby empowered to fue — for the expence and cofts of the lame by civil bill, to be brought in the name of faid mayor againft faid commiflion-<ers, by their name of incorporation in the court for determining civil bills in the city of Waterford, be the fum what ft may, but the decree of fitch court, to be fubje& to appeal, as in all other cafes u fil'd.

XXXVill. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, D*flroying That if any perfon or perfons (hall unlawfully, wilfully, and any part of laid malicioudy blow up, pull down, or deftroy, the faid bridge,	^on

or any part thereof, or remove, deflroy, or take away any	*	c	0

works which (hall or may belong thereto, or in any wife direct , or procure the fame to bt done, whereby the faid bridge,

6r any part thereof, or the works thereof, (hall be damaged, or the lives of the paffengers or other perfons endangered, every fuch offender Or offenders being lawfully convi. ed thereof, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer as a felon.

XXX[X. And to the intent that the paflage over the Regulation* faid bridge may always be kept open and rendered fafe and with rcfpccl to commodious, and be clear of buildings, except as herein is nuiianccs, 6cc. mentioned : be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That after die faid bridge is finifhed and completed as to the faid commHlioners, or their foccefTors, (hall feem meet, tlve paflage over the fame (hall he open, and be deemed and ufed as a "Common highway forever; and that no houfe or building (hall be built or erected on the faid bridge, except fuch gates and toll houfes as are herein provided and dire&ed ; and that all carriage* pafilng over the faid bridge from the faid citv of Waterford, (hall go on the weft fide thereof as near as may be ; and that all carriages pafling over the faid bridge from the county Kilkenny fide, (hall go on the eaft fide as near as may be; and that no coachman or driver (hall (land or ply for hire with any coach or other carriage whatfoever upon the faid bridge, or leave any empty coach or carriage thereon ; and that no carman^ carter, drayman, or driver of any. carriage whatfoever, (hall wilfully remain with any cart, Car, dray, waggon, or other carriage whatfoever, on the faid bridge longer than (hall be neceffary for going over theTame, or leave any empty car, dray, cart, or other carriage upon the faid bridge; and that no perfoji or perfons (hall put any filth, dung, a(hes, or rubbifii on the faid bridge, or do any a& that may be an annoyance there ; and if any coachman, carman, carter, drayman, waggoner, or driver (hall offend herein, or any perfon or perfons (hall annoy R 2	any

26o



No order? of Vtfv jtifh«c Crull hi rj’.uifhcd ror \vimc of four., &cr.

Appeal may he m-dr. as herein.

Cofts of pro

curitijr tV«. ad

*o hi allowed, a» herein.

The twentyfi>cth Teat of George III.

any part of the faid bridge by putting or leaving any filth, dung, allies, or iubbifh thereon or otherwife, it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons to apprehend and take, crcaufe to be apprehended and taken, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending before one or more juftice or juf-ticcs of the peace for the laid city of Waterford, and every iuch offender, being of any of the faid offences convi&ed, by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefics before fuch juftice or juft ices of the peace, or by his, her, or their confeffion, fhall for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay a fmn not exceeding five (hillings, to go and be applied between the party and parties informing againft and apprehending every fuch offender and offenders, as the faid juftice or juf-tices before whom the party or parties offending fhall be convicted, fhall direct, and in default of immediate payment thereof, the offender or offenders fhall be committed by the jullice or jiT ices to the houfe of induftry in the faid city of Vatcrford, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding five days as the laid juftice or juftices fhall think lit to order, or until he, (he, or they fhall have paid the mondy directed by the faid juftice or juftices to be paid.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-fa’d, That no order which fhall be made by any juftice nr juftices of the peace, by virtue of this aCl, or any other proceedings to be had touching the conviction or convidions cf any offender or offenders agaiiilt this act, (hall be quafued or vacated for want of form only, or be removed or removeable by certiorari, or any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of his Majciiy’s courts of record in Dublin, or ell'c-whtre.

XLI. Provided always, and it is hereby further ecaCfcd by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any perfon or per-fons (hall thirk him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by any order or proceedings of any juftice or juftices of the peace which fhall be made or had under this aCf, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons to appeal to the juftices of the peace at their next general quarter feffions of the peace to be held for the county of the city of Waterford, and the juftices of fuch genera! quarter feffions of the peace are hereby required to hear and finally determine every fuch appeal and appeals, and fhall award to the party or parties for whom fuch appeal fhall be determined fuch cods as to them in their diferttion fhall feem reafonable, and fhall raile and lc’-v by their order or warrant fuch cofts as fhall be awarded by clillrefsandfale of the goods and chattels of any perfon or perfons who fhall be ordered to pay the fame.

XLI I. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon and perfons who fhall fubferibe any

fum



The txventyjixth Tear of George III.

fum ox Tunis of money for the purpofes in this a ft mentioned, and who (hall receive a debenture or debentures for fuch fum or futns fo fubferibed fhall be allowed in the fum pr fums fo fabferibed and mentioned in fuch debenture or debentures all and every fum and fums of money as he, fhe, or they fhall from time to time refpeftively fubferibe and pay for and towards the coils and charges of obtaining and palling this ad.

XLIII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any aftion fhall be brought or fuit commenced huts to be againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfu- brought in 6 ance of this aft, or in relation to the premifTes, or any of raontn,, them, fuch a^ion or fuit fhall be hid or brought withiu fix months next after thefaft done, and fhall be laid in the city of Waterford, and not elfewherc, and tlie defendant or defendants in fuch aftion, may plead the general iflue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfu-. ance and by the authority of this aft, and if the fame fhall appear to have been done, or if fuch action or fuit fhall not be brought within the time before limited, or fh:dl be. brought in any other city, county, or place than as aforefaid, then the jury fhall find fof the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiff* (hall become non-fuited, or fuffer a difcontinuance of bis, her, or thrir aftion or aftions, or if a verdift fhall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer, judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the faid defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts, and fhall have fuch remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts in other cafes by law.

XI.1V. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- A publick att. faid. That this aft {hall be deemed a publick aft, and fhall be taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

2G1

A. D.

1786. Chap. 58.

Aaions and

CHAP.

Digitize^); /Google

2 62 A. tL

Comm:flior.crs.

The twentyfixth Tear of George III.

CHAP. LIX,

An A61 to amend an Act peffed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Tears of His prefent Mrjjfy, entitled, An Ait for the Eretting and Building of a new and comvnient Oazf and Marfhalfea in the Cottr.ty of Limerick, and County of the City of Limerick, and to enable certain Trujiecs and Ctm-itufjioners therein named\ to pur chafe Ground whereon to erect and build the fame, and for enabling the Honour alte and Reverend Maurice Crojbie, Dean of Limerick, to fell or make Leafes in Perpetuity, of Ground in the City of Limerick, whereof he is feizedin Right of his Deanery, and to purchafe a Houfe and Offices in the faid City, for a Deanery ft on ft, as in Manner therein ft I forth.

WHEREAS a doubt may arife whether the com-miflioners appointed by the faid act, arc enabled to purchafe any other piece of ground, than that deferibed or alluded to in the fai' aft : and whereas upon proceedings being had to v^lue the faid ground deferibed in the faid aft by juries, as diredkd in faid &ft, it appears that the expence attending the purchafe thereof would be greater than is expedient to lay out on the fame : and whereas it is thought a larger lot of ground may be had on more reafonabk terms, in as wholfome and airy a fituation, if the commiflioters under faid aft arc emjowered to purchafe any other ground in the city cf Limerick, or fuburbs thereof, that (hall feem more expedient to them : be it enafted by the King’s moll excellent Majeily, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Pailtament pfTemMed, and by the authority of the fame, That the commitfioners under faid aft, togctlier with t?ie honourable and reverend Maurice Crolbie, dean of Limerick, tile reverend dean Iiore, and John Tuthill, tfquire, be veiled with the like powers for valuing and purchaiing rny other piece of giound in the city of Limerick, qr fubuvos thereof, as they arc direfted by faid aft, and that the per-fons intcrclkd in inch piece cf ground fo to be valued and purchafed, fhall be in veiled with fuch powers, and be fub-jeft to fuch claufes, rules, obligations, and agreements, ss the perfons interdlcd in the laid foimer piece of ground \vere iuvclled with, and fubjeft by faid aft, and that fuch ^ft, and every ciaufe and part thereof, remain in full force (except as herein altered) fo as to enable the faid comrr.if-

Digitized by

Google

The twmtfjixth Tear of George ITT.	2&i

{loners to purchafe any other ground as aforefaid, for the purpoies in faid aft mentioned.

II.	And whereas certain perfons interefted in and truf-tees of faid other piece of ground ddlribed in the faid aft, have upon the faith of faid aft, and confidering the valuation of the faid juries to be conclufive upon them entered into written agreements for the puicliaie of other ground and houfes, fubjeft to the fame ufes and limitations as laid former ground : and whereas it may fo happen, that the commiffioners in the faid former aft, and heirtn mentioned may not think proper to purchafe the faid ground, and it would tend much to the improvement of the city of Limerick by making it more airy and wholefome, if faid perfons arc enabled to fell faid ground as herein after direfted : be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all corporations, aggregate or foie, ec- tm’liuu in the clefiaftical, civil, or elecmofynary, hufbauds, guardians, exe- houfts, cutors, adminiltrators, and all truftees whatfoever, not only >nr<y coutriH

on behalf of themfelves, but alfo on behalf of their ajha que it,r tr ^ lut*

„	.	,	, r .	1	J 1 iiojKs, \U'. u

trults, whether infants or ifluc unborn, Jcnus cvvirt} or tiu. comrodTmn* other perfon or perfons what foe ver under any difabdity. ami ersdo not pur-alfb for all other perfons who are or (hall be feized, pofftfled chik them, of, or interested in any of the houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments fo valued by juries unde: the fait} former aft, or of or in the cable and mill adjoining, to contraft, or agree for, fet, fell, convey, or a Hu re faid houfes, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, with the laid calUe and mill adjoining, or any part or parts of the fan e, in cafe the faid commiflioncrs fhall not purchafe the fame, and all fuch contrafts, agreements, leaks, Inks, conveyances, and affurances fhall be valid and efkctiral to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, any law, {Unite, uftige, or cubom to the contrary notwithllanding ; and ail corporations and perfons fo agreeing or conveying me hereby indemnified for what they {hall refpeftively do by virtue of this aft.

III.	And whereas the dean of Limerick is feized in fee in right of his deanery of the ground intended to have been purchased under the faid former act, and the fame hath been valued in purfuance of faid aft : and whereas the faid dean of Limerick hath upon the faith of faid aft, and confidering the valuation of the faid jury to be conclufive upon him, entered into a written agreement for the purchafe of a houfe and offices in the city of Limerick, for a deanery houfe, and a rdidence for the dean of Limerick : and whereas it may fo happen that the ccmmiffioners in the laid aft mentioned may^not think proper to pui chafe the faid ground : be k further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it 4	ihall

Perfon* in •

Digitized by

google

i<$4	Tir	twentyJtxtb Tear of George I IT. '

A. D. Ihall and may be lawful to and for the. faid dean of Lime-i , 86.	rick, in cafe the faid commiflloners fliall not purchafe the

Chap. 59.	faid ground, to fell and difpofc of the fame for the molt

money that can he got for the fame>( and to convey the su-The-dean of heritance of the fame io fuch purctiafer or purchafers, and t^C moncy ar*f,‘*g from fuch falc (hall be applied in part dif-ground belong - charge of the purchafe money of the lioufe herein befo»c ing to him. mentioned, and in cafe it (hall be found to be more beneficial to the faid deanery to make budding leafes of the faid ground, then .and in fuch cafe it (hall and maybe lawful to and for the faid dean to make one or more leafe- or leafes of the faid ground or any part thereof, to any perfon orperfons for any term of years or lives, «*r in perpetuity, referving thereout the bed rent that can be had for the fame.

Such file,&c. IV. Provided always, That no fuch fale, difpofition* approbation ®f * conveyance, or leafe to be made by the dean of Limerick, the ar^hbiftiop or his fucceffurs, of that part of the faid ground belonging efCafhelland to the deanery (hall be valid, unlefs the fame {hall be ap-LinicrklL°^ proved of by his grace the lord archbifbop of Cafhcll, and uncnc	the bi(hop of Limerick for the time being, by writing ui*.

der their refpedtve hands and feals of their refpedive fees, and that the fame be regiftcrcd in their refpedive dioerfes, but that the want of fuch confe it or approbation (hall not prevent the other perfons afoiciaid, from felling as herein directed.

Ifthefvmsto V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, ^orationT &c	money v hich (hall be paid to any corpora-

cxcecrWcol. C* *lons> hulbands, executors, admiiiiilrators, guardians, com-it (hall be laid mittees, or other truftees whatfoever, for or on behalf «f out in the pur- any infants, lunaticks, idiot**, frtnrs cowrt9 or other eejlui chafe of lands,	truft3> or to any 0;}lcr perfon or perfons, whofc houfrs,

buildings, lands, tenements and hereditaments fliall be limited, in (Irid fettlement for the purchafe of any fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, (hall in cafe fuch fums of money (hall exceed the fum of one hundred pounds he laid out by fuch corporations, hufbaixU. executors, admuultra-tors, guardians, committees, or other truftees, or any perfon or perfons feized of fuch houfts, buildings, lands, tenements or hereditaments, fo limited, in (bid iettlement, (hall as foon ds conveniently may, be laid out in the purchafe of land**, tenement*, and hereditaments, in fee (irnple, to be conveyed, to or to the ufe of fuch corporations, huihands, executors, adminiftrators, guardians, committees, or other truftees, and to and for fuch perfon or peifons, and for fuch eftate or eftates, and to, for and upon, and (ub;e& to fuch ufes, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fur

or

Digitized by

Google

7%e twenty ftxth Tear of George III.	265

or in refpeft whereof, fuch purchafe money (hall be paid A. D. as aforefaid, (hall be limited, fettled, and aflured, at the 1786. time fuch purchafe or contract (hall be made in manner •aforefaid, or fuch as (hall then be capable of taking effe£t, the charges of fuch conveyances and fettlements, to be paid out of the purchafe money.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the gaol or marlhalfea intended to be built under faid recited a&, and this a&, as (hall be Applied to the imprifoument and confinement of the criminals and debtors of the county of Limerick, be deemed, taken, and adjudged for the purpofes aforefaid, as part of the cotlnty of Limerick at large, any charter, law, or ufage to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithftanding; and that the conducing of prifoners through the county of the city of Limerick, from or to the gaol and marihalfea, by the (heriff of the county of Limerick, or any other magiftrate,

(hall not be deemed, taken, or adjudged as an cfcape.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Thisapnb. faid. That this a& (hall be taken and deemed to be a publick lick a&. ad, and that the fame (hall be judicially taken notice of as

fuch.

CHAP. LX.

/In Ad to enable certain Perjons to male a Navigable Canal from the Grand Canal at QJborJlown towards Naas, and into the adjacent Country.

WHEREAS the making of navigable canals from the grand canal into the countries adjacent thereto, would be very beneficial as well to the inhabitants of fuch countries, as to the company of undertakers of the grand canal: and whereas his grace William Robert duke of Leinfter, the right honourable Joihua lord vifeount Allen, John La-touche, John Finlay, John Wolfe, Jofcph Sabine, Thomas Burgh of Old Town, Thomas Burgh of Bert, Richard Nevill, John Montgomery, efquires, and lieutenant colonel Charles Euftacc, have agreed to enter into a fubfeription for the purpofe of making a navigable cut from the faid canal, between the aqueduct bridge and the bridge at Sailing, in the county of Kildkre, towards the town of Naas and fouthward into the adjacent country : and whereas the faid company of undertakers of the grand canaUtftve con-fented to permit the faid perfons to carry the (Cel intended cut through their banks into the faid grand canal, and have fikewife agreed to transfer to the (aid perfons all right, %\~

3	tie

Preamble ;

fubferiber* t* th*r county Kildare canal;

Digitized by

Google

$\. f er cent. Co be paid with' in a month after thr fobitnpuoa is doled.

No !efefu.V (cripuon than 50L

Named the fof atjf of Kildare qsd

P"»y

7'he twcKtyrfixlh Tear *f Geofgc Iff.

lie and intereft which they now have and may he entitled

to, in the laid intended, cut to Naas, or any part thereof: be it therefore enacted by the King’s nuift excellent Ma-jefty, by and with the advice and con feat of the leads fpi-ritqai and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That the persons above named, or any fix of them, (hall immediately after the pafftng of this adt, open a fubfcrjpUon fur the puiv pofe aforefoid, and that the laid fuhfcriptian fhrdl be kept open until the fum of four thoufond pounds (hall be fubferib-cd for the purpofc aforefaid.

II.	^ind be it enacted hy the atithoritv aforefaid, That filch fubferiberg (ball within the fpacc of one calendar month after fuch fnbfcription (hall be clofed, pay in five pounds ptr centum of the fums by tliem retpeitively fubferibed, to fuch perfon or perfons as (hull be appointed to receive the fame by the pcrfons above named, or any fix of them, and in default of fuch payment the fnbfcription of every perfon fb foiling to pay, fhali be abfolutcly void to all iutents and purpofet whatfoever ; and the above named perfons, or any fix of them, fhali opeu a new fubferiptian for filling up fuch deficiency, or until the fum of four tiioitfand pounds in the whole (hall be fubferibed, and a depolit of five pounds per centum be made thereon.

III.	Provided always, That no perfon (hall be permitted to fubferibe lcfs than fifty pounds, and a fnbfcription of fifty pounds (hall be deemed one (hare in the ltock of the faid company.

IV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That as-foon as five pounds pfr centum upon fuch fuSfcription (hall be paid as atortfaid, fuch fubferibers and their afligns (hall be united and eretied into one company for cirrying on the (kid navigable cut, and (hall from thenceforth lx* one body politick and corporate, by the name of The County of Kildare Canal Company, and (ball have perpetual fucceffion, and a common foal, and by that name may fue and be fued, and fhali thenceforth be capable in law to purchafe and take mefluage*, lands, tenements, and hereditaments for the pur-pofe of making flier fi* d navigable cut, and that the lakl company (hall tl.cncefoilh by vi.tue of this a& be fuHy empowered by tbemfelves, their agent:', overfeers, workmen and Tenants, to carry on, and complete a navigable canal as aforefaid, from the main trunk of the grand canal, between the aqueduct bridge ova* the river Uffev, and rhe bridge at Sallies by Old Town mills near the town of Naas, and feuthwards towards Kiicullen, and into the adjacent country ; and that the faid company (hall be empowered to open all rivers, and to make ail fuch outlets, off branches,

cuts

The twenty-fixtb Tear of George III.	267

cuts and navigations, trenches, paflages, dams and weiTS as A. D. may by fuch company be judged necefTary tor carrying on 17K6. fuch works, or for fupplying fuch intended canals with Chap. 60. water.	V—

V.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it To have meet-fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid company, from tn] %rLh^ur^

•	*	1	r	n it	•	IP *11	•	r\	I	P '*eo* making*

time to time, as occauon fhall require, to aikmbte in Dub- rulC5> &Cu m lin, or tlfcwhere, and from time to time to adjourn fuch affemblies, and at fuch affemblies or adjournments thereof to make fuch by-laws, rules, or orders for the better government of their affairs, and of their members, and for making fuch contra&s or agreements, and for appointing fuch fervants and perfons for making fuch canals and works as they fhall think fit, and from time to time to vary or repeal fuch by-laws, rules, and orders, and to make new ones for the good and orderly ufing of the faid navigation, and for fettling the wages, and for the well-governing the bargemen, watermen, and boatfmen, who fhall convey any goods thereon, and to impofe reafonable fines and forfeitures upon all perfons who fhall offend therein, the fame to be levied by fuch ways and means as the faid company fhall direct, fo as no fuch fine fhall exceed five pounds upon any perfoo for one offence ; and the faid bye-law* being put into writing pnder the foal of the faid cotnpanv, fhall be binding to, and be obferved by ah parties, and fliall be fufficient in a iy court of law or equity to juflify all perfons who fhall afd under the fame, or in levying any penalty or forfeiture thereby incurred.

VI.	Provided always, That fuch bye-laws fhall not be Bye h\mo contrary to the laws and ilatutes of this realm, and fhall be

approved of by the lord chancellor for the time being, the bird chief juft ice of the KingVhcnch for the time being, * the lord chief juftice of the Common Pk*as for the time being, and the lotd chief baron of the court of Exchequer for the time being, or any two of them, which bye-laws the faid judges, or two of them, are hereby required to examine and approve, or difapprove as they fha!I think fit, within a reafonable time after the fame fhall be laid UUoie them.

VII.	Provided always, That eight days not*ce at tbe V t?** t* he leaft, including the day of fuch notice, and the day of Pvcno*mc^*" meeting previous to fuch meeting, fliall be given of the XD**8*

time and place of holding fuch affemblies, in fuch puhiick news-paper of the city of Dublin, or in fuch other manner as fliall be agreed on by the faid company.

VIII.	Provided neverthelefs, That any perfon who fhall Appeal may think himfclf aggrieved by any order or judgment in pur- ^ ux fiance of any fuch bye-hvv, may complain within fix

months

%

Digitized by L^ooQle

268

A. D.

17 86. Chap. 60.

Stock not to exceed 20,cool.

The 20.000I. may be railed by i'ubicriftion.

To complete faitl lam% when (uhlcription* ?re ihove par, new fharefl may be diipviei of.

The Iwenty-fixlh Tear of George III.

months then after to the juflices at the quarter fcfhons in the county wherein fuch byc-law (hall he carried into execution, who (hall in a fumrr.ary way hear and determine the faid complaint, at fuch quarter-feffions, and if they fee caufe, may mitigate or alter fuch tines or forfeitures, and may order any money to be returned which (hall have bcor levied or pad in purfuauce of fuch bye law, and may alft> order fuch further fatisfa&ion to be made, and give fuch cofts to tiie party injured as they (hall judge reasonable ; and if airy complaint lhall appear to the (aid jullices to he made without juti caufe, that then the faid jultices may order the party complaining to pay fuch colls, not exceeding twenty (hillings, to the party againll whom fuch complaint drill be made, as the faid jullices (hall judge rcafouable; which (aid juflices (hall ifTue their warrant for levying fuch money fo ordered to be returned or paid, or fuch culls fo given, by diftrefs of the good;, and chattels of the perfon who (hall be liable to pay the fame.

IX.	And be it cnatted by the authority aforefaid, That the joint (lock of the faid county Kildare company, (hall be the faid fum of four thoufand pounds, together with all fuch further funs, not exceeding in the whole the fum of twenty thoufand pounds, which (hall be afterwards fubferib-ed in manner herein mentioned.

X.	And be it enacled by the authority aforefaid,-That if the faid county Kildare company fhall at any time after the faid fum of four thoufand pounds (hall be fubferibed as aforefaid, think fit to raife any further fum of money’ for carrying on the works aforefaid, that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid company from time to time, as they (hall judge necvflary, to raile by fubfeription any fum or fums of money, fo that the whole fum or fums fo raiftd, together with the faid fum of four thoufand pounds, (hall not »n the whole exceed the fum of twenty thoufand pounds: which faid fum or firms fo railed, (hall be added to, and become part of the joint dock of the faid company.

XL And be it enabled by the anthority aforefaid, That if at any time the faid company (hail thiuk fit to raife any of the fums which they are hereby empowered to raife, their faid fubicriptious (hall at fuch time be valued above par, or at more than the fum originally fubferibed, the faid con> pany may be at liberty, and they arc hereby empowered from time to time to caufe new (hares of fifty pounds each in the faid joint (lock to be made out, and to lell the fame to any new’ fubferibers, at fuch rate as the faid company (hall appoint for the fame, or by publick cant, and that the faid fum fo fubferibed, (hall be added to, and become patt of die joint (lock of the faid company.

Digitized by

google

XII. And.

The twentyfxth Tefir of George III.	169

XII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That A. D.' no perfon (hall be entitled to vote at any meeting of the laid 1786. company, unlefs he (hall have two fuch (hares as aforefaid 5 Chap. 60. and every perfon poflefling four fuch (hares, (hall have two votes at every fuch meeting; and every perfon poffeffing Bvery perfon eight fuch (hares, (hall in like manner have three votes; and every perfon poflefling twelve (hares and upward, (hall have four votes, and no more: and that the refpe&ivc members who (hall have a right to vote at fuch afTcmblies, may appear either in perfon or by proxy, appointed by an inilniment in writing under their respective hands and feals ; and that the majority of votes at fuch aflemblies (hall determine all matters in qik’llion ; and if there be an equality of* votes, that the chairman of fuch aifemblies (hall have a calling vote, betides his vote or votes as a member of the laid company.

XIII.	Provided always, That at every fuch aflembly, ^5 voters mud there (hall be prefent in perfon’five members at lead, who Pltfcut' fhall have a right to vote, or otherwife fuch aflembly (hall

have no power to carry into execution auy of the powers ■or authorities hereby given.

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- All proeeH-faid, That the accounts, tranfaclions, and proceedings of iugs to be entcr-the faid company, (hall be fairly and regularly entered in ^ ^ a book, hooks to be kept fo£ that purpofe, to which every perfon

having iu his own n^mc and right any (hare in fuch joint Iloek, or his or her reprefentative or reprefentatives, may have accefs at all reafonable times to infpedl.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- inveQed with faid. That fuch company, and their fuccefTors, (hall from fame power* a* and after the time aforefaid, be inverted with, and (hall hold t^e ?ra“d car,*d and enjoy all and fmgular fuch powers, privileges, advan- coniPauy> c* tages, and authorities in all things for the purpofes of carrying on their faid navigation, as are now’ verted in the

company of undertakers of the grand canal, by virtue of an a& of parliament parted in this kingdom, in the eleAuith and twelfth years of his prefent Majefty’3 reign, entitled, jin a8 for enabling certain perfo s to carry on and complete the grand canal ; and that the faid county Kildare company (hall from and after the time aforefaid, be inverted with all fuch powers as are verted in the faid company of undertakers of the grand canal, to enable them to open the communication and canal aforefaid, and to enable them to filmmon juries for the valuing fuch lands, houfes, tenements, and hereditaments as may be neceflary for completing the faid work, and for making fuch wharfs, quays, rtore-houfes, market-houfes, locks, bafons, and docks, as mav be judged by the faid company proper for faid work, and

that

Digitized by Google

*7<*

A. D.

i786w

Ctfap* 60.

Power of par-chafing any houfc or garden.

Empowered to make ul'c of rivulets or bidok*, Sec.

May ufe the water of the Ltfley, &c.

A watcr-cour(c to «hc LiiTey.

May niaVe a a weir or <k»m acrofs thcLiffcy.

Tie tmenfyfixti Tear of George III.

that the faid county KHdare company be enabled to pnr-* chafe and hold fuch lands, houfes, tenements, and hereditaments for the purpofes aforefaid, fuch purchafes to be made in fuch manner as the faid company of undertakers of the grand canal are by law empowered to proceed in pur-chafing lands, tenements, and hereditaments.

XVI.	Provided always, That if it (hall be neceffary for the faid company in the profecution of the faid work, to purchafe any houfe or garden, they (hall have full power by this ad to purchafe the fame, in fuch manner as they are hereby empowered to purchafe any land or other hereditaments.

XVII.	And be it enn&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to'and for the faid company to take, turn, or draw the waters of all fuch rivulets or brooks as may be interfered by the faid navigation, or any part thereof, or fo much of faid water as they (hall judge neceffary, the faid company making fatisfa&ion to the proprietors, of any mills or bleach-greens on the faid rivulets cr brooks as (hall receive any damage thereby r provided fuch mills or bleach-greens were ere&ed before the firft day of April, one thouland feven hundred and eighty-fix.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hell and may be lawful to and for the faid company to take, turn, and draw from fuch part of the river Liffey, as (hall be found moft convenient, into the faid canal, fo much water as they (hall judge convenient for the faid works: provided the water fo to be taken, does net exceed the quantity that would freely flow through a fluice, fewer, or circular hole or bore not more than two feet fix inches in the dear, for the providing a regular fapply of water when neceffary from the faid river to the faid canal.

XIX.	And be it enfccVed by the anthority aforefaid, Thgt the faid company be, and they are hereby empowered to make a cut or water-coni fe from the faid canal, to fuch part of the faid river Liffey an aforefaid, and at or near the communication of fuch water or water-courfe, with the faid river, and to affix a lock, flood-gate, or dam, in which thete (hail be cut a circular hole or bore not exceeding two feet fix inches di~.rr.etcr, and fhall fix thereupon a brafs, copper, or iron plate, for the admiffion of fuch quantity of water and no more, except when fuch lock (hail be opened for the admiffton and paffage of any boat or vefftk

XX.	And be it alfo eiTa&ed by the authority aforefaid. That luch company before fuch cut or water-coHrfe, be at

liberty

Digitized by v^ooQle

The twenty ft xth Yedr of George I1L

liberty to ere6k Ofre wtir or dam acrofr, tlir faM river Lifffcy, fo as to raife the level of the water in filth cut or water-coUrfo^ to tilt tend of the navigable water m fuch canal* and be at liberty to purchafe any land not more than otie acre contigumra to fttch water-fcotirfe or cut, th£ faid company firft making fatisfaction for the value of find land, and for any fuch damage as may be done by fuch weir or drain in the manner herein before diredted.

XXL And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-fdid, That whenever there (hall be a redundancy of water in the faid canal to be made in purfuance of this adt, more than may be neceftary for the ufes of navigation, that it (hall be lawful for the faid company, to fet or fell all fuch redundant water, or fo much thereof as they (hall judge expedient for bleach-greens, mills, or manufactures* or other ufe whatfoeVer, and to withhold the fame from all fuch perfons as (hall not pay to the faid company an adequate corrtpenfation for the faid water, and tlwt the abfo-Inte and foie property of the faid water fhall be veiled in the (aid company.

XXII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained" Audi extend to enable the faid company to draw off from the river Liffey, more water than (hall be fufficient for the purpofe of the faid navigation, and (hall not extend to enable them to draw off water for the fake of felling or letting out fuch water, it being the true intent and meaning of this adl, that no water'(hall be fold, let, or difpofed of, other than fuch as may happen from a cafual redundancy in the faid canal* to be made in purfuance of ibis acL

XXIII.	And wheread the company of undertakers of the grand canal, have opened a cut for a (hurt way from Oftvirllown--bridge, into the main trunk of the faid canal, and have pur chafed the lands adjacent thereto, and right of the water which there falls into the cabal* and the faid company of undertakers of the grand canal, have confented to tmnsfer the fame to the faid county Kil’hre company: be it enidled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid cut, and the ufe of the faid water, together with all the land and banks contiguous thereto, now' the property of the faid company of undertakers of the grand canal, (hall, immediately after the pulling of this adl, be veiled in the faid comity Kildare company : provided that it fhall not be lawful for the faid county Kildare company, to divert away any part of the water to \Vhich the faid company of undertakers of the grand cafwl are now entitled, on any account, or under any pretence whatfoever, unlefs with the confentof the faid company of undertakers of the grand canal.

XXIV.	And

Digitized by

Google

*7*

A* Db iy$6. Clrtp.

The redundant witcxoffaid carnal may be let or fold.

No more water drawn frooi the Liffey than is neccffary, Ac.

The cut made by the undertaken* oi the "rand canal 1 om • >{b >r£> to .vn-'iri.lec, vcllc I mi die rou.it y Kildare company.

*7*

A. IX

1786.

Chap. Co.

Each lock to be 63 feet long and 14 wide.

Veffes navigating faid canal, whac to

p»y,

\

Said dntie* how to be recovered, &c.

No duties to be levied but thoL lierc.n,SiC.

The t'wentj'Jixtb Tedr §f George IIL

XXIV. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefeic/* That every lock to be made on the laid navigable canal* (hall be fixty-three; feet long, and fourteen feet wide at the lead in the clear*

XXV And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That in confederation of the cxper.ee and trouble which the laid county Kildare company {hall be put to in making and maintaining the faid navigation, together with the off branches thereof, it {hall and may be lawful to and for the faid company and their fucceflbrs from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to alk, demand, receive, and fue for, to the ufe of the faid company, the feveral rates and duties herein after mentioned ; that is to fay, for every boat, barge, or other veflcl navigating the faid navigation, or any part thereof, either upwards or dowrnwards, in which any goods, merchandizes, or commodities, or other matter whatfoever, fhaU be carried, fuch rates and duties as the faid company fhall by their bye-laws ordain and appoint, not exceeding the fum of three-pence for every* mile, for every ton of the burthen or tonnage of fuch barge or other veffel, or for every ton weight of fuch goods, merchandizes, commodities or other mattet whatfoever, which {hall be carried upwards or downwards, at the diferetion of the faid company, and for eaph paifenger in any fuch veiTel, in any fum not' exceeding the fum of two-pence for every mile fuch pafienger (hall be carried.

XXVI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe of refufal to pay the faid feveral duties, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid company, and their fervants, either to diilrain fuch boats, barges, or other veffels, or the goods therein for the fame, and difpofe thereof as is ufual in cafes of diilrefs for non-payment of rent, or to fue for the recovery of the famte by civil bill; and in cafe any difpute fhall arife touching the fum to be paid for every fuch rate,, the fame fhall be adjufted by any juftice of the peace of the county in which fuch difpute (hall arife, with liberty for either party to appeal from fuch determination, to the next quarter fefiions for the county wherein fuch difpute (ball arife, whofe determination therein fhall be final.

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That no duty, rate, toll, or cuftom whatfoever, {hall be taken for, upon, or out of any goods, merchandizes, commodities, or other matter whatfoever, which (hall or may be carried by the faid navigation, to or from any place whatfoever, fave the duties, rates, or tolls herein mentioned ; and fuch duties, rates, and tolls as the (aid company of undertakers of the grand canal are now by law entitled to

levy

Digitized by L^ooQle

Tie twehtyfixtb Tear of George IIL

Wvy tor the carriage of fuch goods, merchandizes, otcom-’fnodittes on the grand canal.

, XX VI11. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaict, That the proprietors of the faid joint Hoek, their executors* fcdmimftrators, and ailigns, Hull be entitled to the tolls, duties, advantages, and profits hereby veiled in the faid company, in proportion to their rdpedive interefls In the joipt nock of the faid company, fufyjed to fuch charges as the faid company Ihall think fit to make for the completing*and fireforving the faid works, and to the foil and water of the laid canal, together with the banks thereof, and fuch other Joortions of gronnd as the faid company are empowered to ncqtiirc by virtue of this ad,. and that the faid proprietor’s intereil therein, (hall be deemed and adjudged in all courts of law and equity, to be perfonal and not real eftate, and that no perfon being or becoming a member or fubferiber for carrying on the faid navigation, (hall thereby or in refriedI of his intereil in the capital ilock of the faid company, fie liable to be a bankrupt within the meaning of any law concerning bankrupts, nor (hall the capital Hock of the faicj company, or the intereil of any particular member thereto, be liable to any foreign attachment.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority Afore fold. That it (hall and may be lawful for every proprietor of fuch joint Hock, to bequeath the fame, or to aflign the fame in his lift time, and that every affignment Which (ball be made of Any part of the joint Hock, (hall be Entered and made in a book for that purpofe, to be kept at fuch place as (hall be appointed by the faid Company, and Yhat no affignment (hall be deemed good until entry be made $n fuch book asaforefaid.

XXX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, ThAt it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid nfTemblies convened as herein before direded, from time to time, and at all times as occafion (hall require, to make one or more call or calls upon the feveral proprietors of the (aid joint Hock, to pay in fuch parts of their refpedive fubferip-rions, as the faid aflemblies (hall think necefiary for carrying on the faid works; And in cafe any of the proprietors of the faid joint Hock, their representatives or affigns, (hall trfirfe Or negled to pay the fum fo called for, within thirty days after the time appointed by fuch affemblies for the payment thereof, notice (hall be given in fuch manner as the faid company (hall dired, that the faid company will proceed to fell by public cant on fuch day as fhall be fpeci-bed in fuch notice, the (hate or (hares of the perfon or per-fons fo refsling or negleding to pay the fum or fum# fo

Vol. VIII.	S	called

Proprietor* to be allowed the profits in proportion to thetr (hares, as herein.

Maybe bo* queathedor affigned.

Proprietors td pay their fubfeription as herei*.

Digitized by VjOOQle

Notice to be given.

Turnpikes and toll.

Toll but once a day.

Profits to be paid as herein.

The twenty fixtb Tear of George III.

Called for ; and unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall, before the day fpecified in fuch notice, pay the refpe&ive Turns To called for, to the faid company, or fuch perfons as they (hall appoint for the purpofe, fhall fell by public cant at the ufual place of the (aid company's meeting, the (hare or (hares of the perfons fo refuting to pay, and the money for which the fame (hall be fold, (hall be paid to the faid company for the ufe of fuch proprietor or proprietors, and fuch proprietor or proprietors from thenceforth be for ever barred from fuch fhare or (hares, and all profits ariting therefrom, and of all intereft in the fame, both irt law and equity, and fuch fhare or (hares, and all profits and advantages arifing therefrom, (hall from thenceforth be veiled in fuch purchaicr or purchafers.

XXXI.	Provided always, That fuch notice (hall be given at kail thirty days previous t,o fuch fale, including the day of fuch notice, and the day of fale.

XXXII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid company, to eredl one or more turnpikes upon and acrofs any of the track-ways which now arc, or (hail be made on either tide of the faid navigation, and to take and receive the following tolls, for which they may diftrain and fell as is ufual at other turnpikes, that is to fay, for every coach, hcrliu, chariot, or cliaife, drawn by fix horfes, one fhii- ' ling ; for every coach, berlin, chariot, or chaife, drawn by lefs than fix horfes, and more than one, fix pence ; for every waggon, two (hillings and fix pence ; for every cart or other waggon with four wheels, fix-pence; for every chaife with one horfe, three pence ; for every car or cart with more than one hor^e, tivo-pence ; for every car or cart with one horfe, one penny ; for every tingle horfe, one penny ; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, twxnty pence by the fcore ; for every drove of calves, hogs, fneep, goats, or lambs, ten-pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity.

XXXIII.	Provided always, That fuch toll (hall be paid only at one gate, and but once in any one day, and that no road which is now publick, (hall be thereby ob-ftrudled.

XXXIV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the clear profits which (hall arife to the faid company, from the fcveral duties hereby vefted in them, or otherwife, or fo much thereof as (hall be thought proper, fhall, from time to time, at Lady-day and Michaelmas, or within fifteen days after the faid feafts refpc&ively, be p?id to and amongft the- refpeftive proprieters of the faid joint ftock, in •proportion to their (hares and ioterefttherein.

2	XXXV.	And

Digitizet

Google

The twentyfixth Tear of George 1 I f.

XXXV.	And be it further erected by the authority aforefaid, That the owners of every veflel or boat navigating the faid canal, or any of the off-branches thereof, fliall caufc his, her, or their names and places of abode, and all’o the name of the perfon having the care of fuch vefTel or boat, and his place of abode, with the d: mentions or tonnage of the retpe&ive h^ats orveflels, to be painted in large capital letters on the upper part of the bow on each fide of fuch veflel or boat, and to be kept conllantly legible upon the fame, and (hall caufe the faid IVveral particulars to be entered in a hock kept by the faid company for that purpofe? and flia.Il ulfo caufe the laid boat to be nnmbered as afore-faid, or in default thereof, every fuch owner fhall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, be recovered by any perfon who will fue for the fame.

XXXVI.	And he it further ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That the owner of every boat orveffd navigating the faid canal, or any of the off-branches thereof, fhall be anfwerabl* for any damage or mifchiVf which fliall be done by any of the crew, or perfons belonging to fuch boat or veflel, to any of the works of the faid navigation, or to any of the goods laden in fuch boat or veflel.

XXXVII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon having the change or management of any boat, or other veflel, or' navigating or working the fame, (hall lay fuch boat or veflel fo as to obftrutt the paf-fage of other boats or veflels, and fhall not upon reqAJell immediately remove the fame, or (hall hinder the opening or (hutting of any of Unlocks, flu ices, dams, or other works of the laid navigation, or if the perfon having the care or management of inch veflel fliall he abfent, uulefs by reafon of fome inevitable accident from the boat or veflel to which he belongs, at anytime during the courfe of the paffage of the faid canal, every perfon fo offending fliall for every fuch oifence forJcitany fmn notcxcecdiug forty (hillings.

XXXVIII.	And be it further ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon fhall wilfully throw any ballad, liones, dung, dirt, tubbiih, ors clay into the faid canal, or in any part of the faid navigation, or fliall without the confent of the faid company, lay any (tones, dung, dirt, rubbifh, brick, lime, timber, or clay, on any trackline belonging to the iaid*canal or navigation, fuch perfon being thereof convicted before any jultice of the peace for the county where fuch offence (li.fll be committed, fliall forfeit to the faid company the ium of forty fliillings: and in cafe fuch offender fliall not immediately after conviction pa, Inch fum, (hall by warrant of (hid juftiee be fent to the ho ufe of

S 2	Xor-

Digitiz-ed by

logfe

• 27s

A. D.

1 786. Chap. 60.

J

Veflels to fcft marked as herein.

Owners of vcfT is anfwera-blc lor damages.

The matter

of any veflel ob-ilru&ing the paffage, forfeits 4cs.

Throwing any hdtafl, &c. i-.u. the canal, penalty 4vs.

*

A. IX *786. Chap. 60.

Veffcls funk to hr railed as herein.

MaTic:oufly oVeiiing any ic»k, \c penult} jl.

Sum* may he

bff r wtd

herein.

rorredion, to he kept at hard labour for (ucl^timc as fuch jurtfee (hall dired, not exceeding three months: and if any perfon (hall keep any raft of timber or boards floating on the faid navigation, or any part thereof, without the confcnt of the faid compapy, fuch perfon being convided thereof before any juftice of the peace as aforefaid, (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings to the faid company for every fuch offence, and (hall alio make full fatisfadion to the faid company, for any damage that may be done thereby.

XXXIX. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That if any boat or other veffel (hall happen to be funk, and the owner and perfon having the care thereof (hall not without lofs of time weigh or draw up the fame out of the way of other vcflcls puffing upon the faid navigation, any agent or fervant of the faid company may caufe fuch boat or vilTcl to be weighed or drawn up, and detain the fame until payment he made of all expcncea occalioned thereby; and if fuch payment l>e not made in four days, (hall caufe fale to be m ade thereof for reimburfing the faid expence or incident charges, and (hall return the overplus to the owner of fuch boat or vcflcl.

XI.. And be it further enaded by the authority affrefaick That if any perfon o& perfons (hall malicioufly open or caufe to be opened any lock, fluice, dam, gate, or water-courfc, belonging to tlie laid navigation, or (hall fo leave any of the fame open or running, after any boat or vcflcl (hall have puffed any lock belonging to the laid navigation, or (hall otherwife malicioufly mifpend or wade the water of the faid navigation, every perfon for fuch offence (hall forfeit the fum of three pounds ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall wilin'iy and malicioufly break down or damage, or caufe to be broken down or damaged, any of the works which are already made, or which (hall be made for the ufe of the faid navigation, all and every perfons fo offending, and be-ing thcreof convided upon an information or indidment, {hall forfeit to the faid company treble the fum neccfTary to be laid out in repairing fuch damage, which fum (hall be alccrtaiued by the jury who (hall try fuch offence, and the judge beforfc whom fuch offence (hall be tried, (hall commit fuch offender or offenders to the common gaol, till he or they {hall pay to the faid company il\r turn orfums fo ascertained, fuch ofi’ence (hall be laid in the county in which the fame happened.

XLI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if the laid company (hall have occaflon at any time to borrow money for carrying on the faid works, it (hall be lawful for the faid company to take up and borrow

upoo

1

zed by CjOO^ —-

The twenty fxtb Tear of George 1 fl.

upon the credit of the faid works* and their eftate therein, any fum not exceeding the amount of the fiibfcrlprion a&u-ally expended on the faid works, at any rate of intereft not exceeding legal intereft, and to ftrike debentures for fuchi fum fo borrowed, in fuch manner as the faid company by their bye-l3ws (hall appoint ; which debenture* (hall be an actual charge and lien upon fuch parts of the faid company'* eftate as (hall be therein fpecified.

XL.IL And whereas the company of undertakers of the grand canal have at a very great expence nearly completed nuke any cut the faid canal to the river Barrow, and are bylaw empower- to the Barrow, ed to make a communication or canal between the faid grand Athy-canal ahd the navigable parts of the river Barrow and to complete the navigation of the faid river from the fources thereof to the bridge of Athy, and it is rdafonable and juft that the faid company of undertakers of the grand canal fhould have the foie benefit arifing from their (aid works* and it would be unjuft that any other perfons fhould be permitted in any manner to avail themfelves to their own emolument, and the injury of the faid company of undertaker* of the grand canal, of the very great pains and expence which the faid company have been or may be at in the faid y works: he it therefore enabled by the authority afbrefaid*

That nothing herein contained (hall be conllrued to empow- * cr the faid county Kildare canal company to make any navigable cut or cuts to the river Barrow, or the town of Athy, or within ten miles of the faid river, unlefs the confent of the faid company of undertakers of the grand canal (hall have been firft had for fo doing, under their common feal.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- lts* faid, That if any fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted • againft any- perfon or perfons for any thing which (hall be doue in purfuance of this aft, fuch perfou or perfons may plead the general ifiue, and give the fpecial matter in evi- \ publickaa. dence, and that this aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a publkk acU

Kildare corn-

nan v not tn

CHAP.

/

Digitized by L^ooQle

I

278

A. D.

1786.

The twenlyfixth Tear of George 1IT.

CHAP. LXI.

An Afl for the Improvement 'of the City of Dublin, and the Environs thereof by the better PavinA, Lighting, and Clronf-ing the fame.

WHEREAS an a<^ of Parliament was palled iu this kingdom in the fourth yaar of the reign of King George the firft, entitled, , ,*/ ah for the better amendment of the pavements, and more ejfe final clear png the fi reels of the city of Dublin, and for removing encroachments and nui-fances that are or Jhall be ere fled therein, and preventing mif-chiefs occafioncd by drivers of carts, drays, or cars riding thereon ; and Jor regulating the felling of hay in the city of Dublin, and liberties thereof: and whereas in the iixth year of faid reign, one other ad of Parliament was palled, entitled, An act for thermo re effectual amendment of the pavements of the feveral counties of cities and counties of towns in this kingdom, and for preventing mif hi, is that may happen fo fire in the city of Dub dr, ; and jor augmenting the number of hackney coaches and chairs in. the faid city : and whereas in the third year of the reign of his late Majtfly, one other ad of Parliament was palled, entitled, An afl for explaining and amending the feveral laws now in force for the paving and cleanjing the f.reets of the city cf Dublin, and the liberties of Saint Sepulchre's, Thomas-Court and Donore ; and for other purpofts therein mentioned: and whereas one other ad of Parliament was palled in the thirty-third year of faid reign, entitled. An atl for the more rjiflually enlightening of the shy of Dublin, and the liberties th reof, and for the ere fling of pub-lick lights in the ether cities, towns-corporate, and market-towns in this kingdom : and whereas in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Majtfty’s reign, one other ad of Parliament was pafM, eutitkd, An ad for paving the f reels, lanes, quays, bridges, fqua res, courts, and alleys within the city and county of the city of Dublin, and other purpofes relative to the faid city of Dublin, and other i Lees therein particularly mentioned: and wlurt v another ad of Parliament was palled in this kingdom in the fifteenth and fifteenth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad to explain and amend an afl, entitled, An afl for paving the Jlret/s, lanes, quays, bridges, fquares, courts anil a leys within the city and county of the city of Dublin, and other purpofes relative to the faid city of Dublin, end cihtr places therein particularly mentioned, and for extending the previfons of the faid afl to the baronies of Scunt Sepulchre's and Donore : and whereas in

the

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-Jixth Tear of George III.	279

the twenty-Grfl and twenty-fecond years of the laid reign A. D. 011c other ad of Parliament was paflecj, entitled. An ad for 1786. paving and repairing the Jlreels, fquares, lanes, qu ay's, and Chap. 61. oibrr places in the city and county of the city of Dublin, and 1	—	_j

liberties thereof, and for preventing and removing objlrudtons, nuifmees, and annoyances within the fame, and for other purposes therein mentioned :	and	whereas alfo one other adt of

Parliament was paffed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of faid reign, entitled, An ad for the more effectually paving, chaffing, and lighting of theJlreels of the city of Dublin, and other places therein mentioned, and for making fewers, and ereding fountains and conduits in the faid city for the ufe of the poor, and for other pnrpofcs therein mentioned : and whereas •great confufion hath arifen and may arife from the multiplicity of faid acts, and the powers given and granted in and by them have been found not entirely fufficient to an-fwer the good purpofes thereby intended : and it is thought expedient to make one new ad, containing all fucb parts of	»

the faid ads as are proper to be continued, with fuch alte-rations and additions as are herein contained: wherefore, be it enaded by the King’s molt excellent Majelly, by jtfid with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the So mucjj 0f palling of this ad, fo much of the faid herein before recit- the 4 ft 6 G. /. ed ads of Parliament paffed in the fourth, and in the iixth oc 3 G. 2. as re-years of the reign of King George the firft, and in the ^tcC8r^° third year of the reign of his late Majcflv, as relates to the '	**

paving and cleanfing the ftreets in the city and fuburb9 of the city of Dublin, and liberties thereunto adjoining, and to removing encroachments and nuifanccs therein, (hall be repealed and made null and void.

II.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That So much of from and after the palling of this ad, fo much of the faid 33 G. a asre-herein before recited ad, pafTcd in the thirty-third year of

the reign of his late Majelly, a9 relates to the lighting the ^ city of Dublin, fhall be repealed and made null and void.

III.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That 13 & 14,15

the faid herein before recited ads paffed in the thirteenth ^	^q22*

and fourteenth, the fifteenth and fixteenth, twentydirll and ^^ceptas twenty-fecond, and in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth her^n) repeal-years of his prefent Majefly’s reign, (except fo much of the c*i.

faid ad patted in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Majefly’s reign, as relates to the agreement which hath been erftered into between the corporation of the city of Dublin, and the company of undertakers of the grand canal, and to the eflablifhment of a market-jury, and except fo much of>c faid ad of the fifteenth and fixteenth

year*

Digitized by (^.ooQle

Tix !wtnty~fixtb Tear of George III.

years of his prefent MajeftVs return, as prohibits.the gnver-nors or guardians of the lying in hofpital from leafing out the whole, or any part of the pleafure grounds belonging to the faid hofpital far the purpofes of building thereon, arc! exempts barrifters at law, phyfreians, attomies at law, and furgeons, from ferving upon maikct-juries, and alfo except all and every claufe contained in faid a& jwffed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his prefent Majellv’s reign, which relates to the works intended to be carried on aboot the gardens of the lying-in hofpital, and which empower* the governors and guardians of the faid hofpital with the overfeers therein named, to raife a fund for executing faid works, and for the lighting and watching the fame,) (ball be repealed and made null and void.

IV.	And whereas a debt of forty five thrnfrmd two hun-45»27il.9#.4dh. dred and feventy-onc pounds nine (hidings ami four pence J^ormcrUircc- halfpenny was contracted by the commiffioners, for carrying tors, &c. and is into execution the herein before recited aCls of the thirteenth fhll due, fitc. and fourteenth, and fifteenth and fixteenth rears of his prefent Majefty, and by the dire&ors and commifTioners for tv;.. ving, clennfmg, and lighting the Greets of Dublin, under the powers to them refptCtively given i t and by the fnid aCt: of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his prefent Msjcfly, which fum is llill due and out landing: be it er.aCtcd and declared by the authority aforefaid, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be cor-11 rued tc extend to prejudice or invalidate the fecurities executed bv the former cnir.vniffioit-ers, or former diic&ors and comn.iff]oners bv virtue of any powers contained in the faid recited a£ls of the thirteenth $nd fourteenth, fifteenth and fixteenth, and twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his prefent Map lly*s reign, or any of them, for any fum Or fums of money lent or advanced by any peifon or perfons on the credit of faid rets, or any or either of them, hut that fuch fccurity or fectnities fhaR be of the fame force and efied as they were of before the palling of this a&, or if this had never been made : and all perfons to whom any fecuiities have been executed as aforefaid, or transferred, or to whom the fame may be hereafter transferred, (hall he creditors on the rates and alignments herein after made, in proportion to the fums mentioned in fuch fecurities.

V.	And whereas the properly paving, ckanfiog, and lighting the feveral (lreet6 and other paffiiges in the city and county of the city of Dublin, and other places herein after mentioned, and the ere&fng of fountains and conduits for. the ufe of the poor and the publick, will tend greatly to the free intcrcourfe, health, accommodation, and fafety of inhabitants, and of all perfons referring therctp; and it

A debt of

Digitized by

The treaty fistb Tear of George IIL	aSl

will alfo be of great advantage if common fewers or drains A. D. were made as herein after is mentioned: and whereas it will Vf$6. conduce to the faid purpofes if erefting of fountains and Chap. 61. J conduits, and the ordering, directing, and managing the paving, cleaning, and lighting of (aid ti recta and other paf-fageS, and of the ordering, defigning, and making of common fewcrs and drains therein, and ot making cefs-pools in liable lanes, or elfewhere, as herein after is mentioned, be put under the care of the fame corporation 2 and whereas by the repeal of the faid afta of Parliament, it is neceflary, that a new corporation (bould be inftituted for the better regulating the divefting and ordering the paving, ckanfing, and lighting the fquares, lireets, lanes, courts, alleys, quays, and bridges, and for preventing and removing annoyances, obfti udions, and nuilances within the fame, and for defigning and making common fewers, drains, ar.d ccfs polls within the limits of the circular or environ road, whither within the county of Dublin, or within the city and county of the city of Dublin, and liberties thereof, exetpt the liberty of Donore, (and in refpeft of lighting only) the liberty cf Saint Sepulchre : be it enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That from and after the palling of this aft, the right honourable fir John Blaquiere, baronet, aud knight of the moft Directors, honourable order of the Bath, John Leigh, efqiwe, the right honourable Charles lord vifeount Ranelagh, the right honourable James lord vifeount Clifden, the hommrable major general Henry Lawes Luttrell, commonly called lord Luttrcll, and Thomas Kingfbury, cfquire, and the feveral perfons to be fucccfiively chosen in manner herein after men-tinned, fhall be direftors of the paving, cleaning, and lighting of the feveral lireets and other places, and of the other works to be done within the limits of this aft, fo long as they (hall continue to aft, without any falary, fee, or re-waid, and no longer; that James Ormlby, Willoughby Commiflioners. Lightburne, William Alexander, Hugh Henry Mkchell, and^ohn Hall, cfquires, (hall be commiilioners for the faid purpofes, who, and their fuccdfors, together with the faid direftors, aud their fuccefiors, (hall have full power and authority to carry into execution this aft, and to order, direft, aud manage the paving, cleanfing, and lighting the feveral R reels, and other publick pafiages, and to order, defign, and make new fewers, drains, and cefs-polls, within the limits of this aft, and to do, and carry into effeft the feveral orders and regulations herein more particularly fet forth and mentioned,

VI.	A itd be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid direftors, or My five or iqpre of thqn, to *«d with the content and approbation

Digitized by Google

2*2

Not to be members of parliament.

Directors empowered to elect succefTora.

Time of meeting.

The tvoeniyflxth Tear of George III.

probation of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to remove all or any of the laid comraiffioners, and with like confeat and approbation, by writing under their hands and feals, to appoint one or more perfon or perfons, not being a member of Parliament, in the p*ace of fuch commiflioner or commit-fioners fo removed, or whole place (hall be vacated by death or refignation.

VII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefatd. That when any vacancy (hall happen by the death or re/igna-tion of any of the faid directors, or their fucceffors, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the furviving or remaining diredors, or the majority of them, to eled a fit perfon or perfons to fupply the place or places of him or them fo dying or refigning, and nil the powers hereby vefted in the faid diredore and commiflioners, (hall and may from time to time be exercifed by the major part of fuch diredors and commiffionere, or either of them, as (hall attend at any meeting to be holden for the purpofc of carrying this a A into execution, and all ads, orders, and proceedings of the faid diredore and commiffionere, or any three or more of them, at fuch meeting (except for the purpofe of adjourning, and then of fuch as (hall attend ; and alfo fave and except in fuch cafes where a great number is required by this ad) (hall have the fame force and effed as if done or made by all the diredors and commiflioners.

VIII.	And be it enaded. by the authority aforefaid* That the firft meeting of the faid diredors and commif-fionere by virtue of this aft (hall be held the day after the palling this ad ; and that faid diredors and commiflionert may meet fix days in each week for carrying into execution the feveral purpofes of this ad, and Ihall have full power to adjourn for any length of time, not exceeding fourteen days at any one adjournment.

IX.	And be it enaded. That the faid diredors an<^ cora-miflipnere (hall, before they proceed to execute the purpofes of this ad, take and fubferibe the following bath :

Oath.	/ A. B. do folemnly promtfe cndfivecr, That 1 will faith-

fully and impartially according to the befl of my /kill and knowledge, execute the feveral powers and trufls committed to me, in and by this all, without favour or affeflion, prejudice, or malice ; and I do alfo folemnly fwear, that 1 have not entered, nor during my being a director or commi/poner, will enter into any contrail dir ellly or indircllly, for paving, cleanfing, or fighting, or /applying any materials for carry-' ing on or executing the feveral purpofes of this ally mr be engaged in any fecurity for any perfon holding, or awke full

Digitized by Google

The twenty firth Year of George III.

28$

hold any office by virtue of \ or entering intoy or •who /full enter into any contrail relating to the execution f any part of thij all.

So help me God.

A. D.

1786.

Chap. 6l.

Avliicjli oath any three or more of the di redlors and commiT-iioners are hereby empowered to adminifter to each other, and the fecretaiy or clerk is to enter it in a book to be kept particularly for that purpofe.

v. And be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Commiffioii-cach of the faid commiflioners herein named, or who here- m after (hall be appointed by virtue of this adl, (hall be paid out of the funds hereby arifing, twenty (hillings for every day on which not lefs than four of the faid Commiflioners, cxclufive of diredlors, (hall be prei’ent during the time the bufinefs of fuch meeting (hall be tranfadling, of which attendances entries (hall be made each day by the fecretary or clerk to the co poration in the hook wherein their proceedings (hal] be entered, and the number of attendances of each commillioner (hall be afeertained thereby, fuch regillry of the attendance of the commiflicners to be verified upon oatb, by the fecretary or clerk before the commiflioners of impreft accounts at the time the accounts of the corporation (hall be pafled, and the commiflioners pafd accordingly.

XI.	Provided always, That nothing lieicin contained (hall prevent any commiffioner from receiving the benefit of the allowance hereby made to him during the adjournments for fourteen days at Chriltmas holy-davs

XII.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefind, That Their title, the faid dirt&ors and commiflioners, and thtir fucceffors, *c*

fliall for ever in name and fact be one body politick and corporate in law, to all intents and pftrpofes, and (hall have perpetual fucceflion, and be called the “ directors and com-mifiioners for paving, cleanfing, and lighting the llreets of Dublin,” and (hall be enabled to plead and l'ue, and to be impleaded and fued by that name, and may take any fecu-ritics upon contracts to be made by them for any of the pur-pofes herein mentioned, and (hall have a common feal for . their ufe.

XIII.	And he it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Rates, Ssc. all rates or afleflments impofed or to be impoftd by the for-

#mer commiflioners, or diredlors and commiflioners, and all arrears thereof now due or payable, or which (hall be due and payable on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thou-fand fe\en hundred and eighty-fix, and all and every fum and fums of moi&y, debts and dues, goods, chattels, property, claims, materials, and things whatfoever, which the former commiflioners, or diredlors and commiflioners, were

in

Digitized by v^ooQle

2?4	TTbe twentyJtxib Tear of George III.

_\. D.	in any wife pcflefTed of, or were or might be entitltd unto,

17^6.	or pofTefled of at laid time, Dull from and after the pafikig

Chap. 6i. of this a£l be, and they are hereby vefted in the direeforsand commiffioners hereby appointed, and their fucceffors, with all fnch remedies for recovering the fame, as are by this act provided for receiving and recovering the ratti and affcfT-ments which fhall or may be made under the authority of ibis ad, or for recovery of airy other debts, dues, claims, or demands whatfoerer refpedivelv.

Atf-onijuits XIV. And be it enacted hv the authority aforefaid. That the corporation hereby inllituud, fhd.ll be fubjefl and liable to all actions and fuits, caufes of actions aad fuits, claim?, •and demands whatfoever, to wiiich the faid former commif-lioncrs or directors and commiffioners were fubje& and liable, mid that all actions and fuits which fhall have been '	brought	and	inftttuted	either	by	or agaifdt the faid corpma-

tu>n, and (hall be depending on the palling of this ad, may be continued and carried on by or againft this corporation, in the fame manner as fuch actions or fuits might have been continued and carried ou if this aft had not patted into a law.

nfH(*cr%	XV. And be ft enafted by the authority afordaid,

Stc. That the fevcral officers, clerks and fervants who were ap-pointed, or who were continued in their refpe&ive offices hv the dire&ors, purfuant to the powers given to them by the adl of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his prefent Majcflv, who fhall l>e m poflFcfiion of their offices or employments on the patting of this a&, fhall and may (until they fhall be removed, refign or die) continue to a& in all matters and things which fhall appertain or belong to their offices refpeftively; and that the faid directors, or any live or more of them, fhall and may from time to time appoint other officers or fervants as to them /ball feera neccf-fny, and may remove all or any of the faid or other of-f ccrs, clerks or fervants, and appoint one or more perfba ©r perfons in their room ; and the faid directors and com-mimoners, or any three of them, may fufpend for any fpaoe of lime, not exceeding fix months, any officer or other per Ion employed by them, and appoint one or more proper and fitting perfon or perfons in his or their room, and may allow to fuch perfon or perfons the full (alary or allowance which the officer or other perfon fo fufpended, would other-wife have been entitled unto atid the faid dire&ors and* eommiffioners fhall, and they are hereby empowered and required to take fuch fecurity from time to time, for the doe execution of their refye^ive offices as they fhall think proper, and may pay to fuch officer or officers, fervant or fer-vauts fo appointed, or to be appointed, or to fuch other

perk*

/

7 he twenty-fix th Tear of George III.

perfon or perfons who fliall be aiding and affiffing in and A. IX about the execution of any part of this a#, fuch reafonable 1786, Salary or allowance in confideralion of their office or a hi it-	Chap. 61.

nnce as the faid dire#ors or any five or hiore of them (hall judge reasonable.

XVrI. And be it further ena#ed by the authority afore- Comimffton-faid, That if any couimiffioner (hall take, accept, or exa# any fee or reward whatfoever, except fucli allowance as i9 c\Jcp^ aj* here-herein before appointed for him or them, or if any officer or i.>, officer?, Servant or Servants, who Ihall be in any way employed by the faid directors in putting this ad or any of the powers thereof into execution, {hall exa#, take or accept arvy fee, perquifite, or reward whatfoever, (except fuch Salaries and gratuities as Snail be appointed and approved of by the faid directors or any five or more of them) for or on account of any tiling done, or to. be done by virtue of this a# 5 or if any director or commiflioner, or ary officer or Servant as aforefaid, (hall in* any ways be concerned in filtered in any contra# or agreement made or to be made, or be Surety for any perfon ltolding any office, or entering into *ny contra# or agreement by virtue of this a#, every Such perfon So offending Shall he incapable of Serving or being rcmltrc*! in-employed under this a#, and ffiall alfo forfeit the fum capaMt at krv-of one hundred pounds to any perfon or perfons who inland fined ihall fue for tl»e fame by a#ion of debt, bill, plaint, or IO°h information in any of his Majefty's courts of record in this kingdom within fix calendar months after the offence committed.

XVII. And be it further ena#cd by the authority afore- DlreSor*. Said, That the Said dire#ors and commiifioners, or any five *c: or more of them, may take or contra# for an houfe for' for%ccorpo7d-the purpofes of the corporation, and alfo one or more ware- tion. houfes, (lables, and (lore-yards, and fuch other accommodations which they (hall deem neceffary for the better carrying on the fevcral purpofes of this a#, and that the u nis and taxes chargeable thereon, and all expences attending the repairs thereof, and providing neceffary accommodations, Shall be paid out of the funds arifing by virtue of this a#.

XVIII Provided always, That the faid annual rent and Expences Ii-expences of the fame (hall not exceed the fum of two hun- m*te<** dred and fifty pounds, exelufive of taxes and repairs.

XIX. And be it further ena#ed by the authority afore- Directors and {aid, That the faid dire#ors and commiffioners (hall have full commiffioner-. to power and authority to fummons before them any perfon or perfons againff whom any complaint (hall be made upon oath, complaint made, touching any offence againff this a#, and any perfon or persons who can give evidence touching the matter of Such com-3	plaint,

Digitized by v^ooQle

The twenty-fix^h Year of George TIL

A. D.

1786. Chap. 61.

neglc&ing to appear penalty

40t.

DireAor* and coram iflioner* to admimfter oaths

Penalty on

perjury.

A fum'roni fignedby fccre-tary or clerk deemed fuffici-eut.

1

TOT more cm-pcrweied to make by-laycfc, flee.

plaint, and if any perfon or perfons who (hall be fo fo ftim-moned either perfonally or by fummons left at his, her, or their place of abode four days before the time appointed L>r his, her, or their appearance (if it appears he, the, or they was or were reddest in the city of Dublin, or liberties thereof, at the time) (lull not appear accordingly, every perfbu or perfons io oilending (hall upon proof upon oath made of fuch fumnons having been ferveJ, forfeit any fum not exceeding forty (hillings, unlcfs a rcafonable excafe (hall be made upon oath for his, her, or their neglect, and a new fummons (lull a^d may be ifTued and feezed in like manner, and a new hue impofed in like manner, as often as he, fhe, or they (lull neglect to appoint.

X <. And be it enacted by the 411th >riry afor^faid, Tnat til all cafes where cognizance is given to faid directors and commiffioners, to hear and determine any complaints which dull bepnade againft any perfon or perfons, body or bodies touching the execution of this act, or any part thereof, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid directors and co-n-miflloners, or any three of them, to admiuiiter an oath or affirmation to any perfon or perfons who (hall appear before them

X I. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That if any perfon who fhall take any oath or affirmation by virtue of this add (hall wilfully forfwear him felt or herfclf, and (hall be convicted thereof by due courfe of l.w, he or (he fhall incur and fuffer the pains and penalties which by law are ena&ed againft perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury.

A .II. And be it cnafled by the authority aforefaid,Thnt in all cafes where power is given to the directors and com-tn: {Turners to fummon any perfon or perfon* in any matter re-lative to the execution of the powers herein contained, a fum-mons figned by the fecretary or eletk, and fervid in the manner herein before directed on fucii perfon or pet ions, or at his or her houfe orufual place of abode, (h ill Lc deemed futHciem. fervice; and that where a notice is hereby required to be ferv-cd on any perfon or peifons refpecling nuifances, or other matters of complaint, a notice figned by the furvevor or in-fpe hor of nuifances, or fupervifor, or any of them, and ferved in like manner, or affixed to any part of the prcmilles (if wafie and untenanted). fhall be deemed lufHcient notice.

XXIII. And be it further enadedbv the authority aforefaid. That the faid directors and commiffi oners, or any feven or more of them, fhall have full power and authoiity from time to time to make and ordain rules, by-laws, and other regulations for the good government of faid corporation, fo as the fame be nut contrary to the laws and flatutes of ibis realm;

and

Digitized by Google

The twenty-fixth Tear of Qeorge III.



and that they be approved of by the lord chancellor or lords commiflioners of the great feal, or any two of the chief judges for the time being.

XXI v . Provided always, That fuch rules, by-laws, or other regulations be confirmed and figncd Ly feven directors and commifiiouers at the lead, the fame having been firft propof-ed at fome meeting of the directors and commiif oners one week at leail previous to its being confirmed,and the directors and commifiioners to be particularly fummoned for the confi-deration thereof ; and that no by-law hereafter to be made by them (hall be repealed,altered or fufpended, except at a meeting where feven directors and commiflioncrs at leali are pre-fent; andalfo except the repeal, alteiatiou, orfufpenfion lhall have been propofed four weeks at lead previous to faid meeting, ant} notice of fuch intention given in writing to each of the faid directors and commilfioners.

X \ V. And be it further enacted by the authority afore(aid. That the faid directors, and commifiiouers (hall caufe a book or books to be provided and kept, wherein the proceedings and names of the directors ard commilfioners prefent at the feveral meetings (hall from time to time be entered by the fe-cretary of faid corporation, and figned by the chairman, which book or books (hall and may be produced and read in evidence of the acts and proceedings of the faid coiporation in all courts of law or equity; and that the faid hook maybe admitted as evidence of the attendance of the commiflioncrs, before the commiflioncrs of impreft. accounts, if they (hall think (it in cafe of the death of the fecretary of the (aid corporation.

XXVI. find for the better paving and keeping in repair the feveral fquares, ftreets, lanes, courts, alleys, quays, and bridges, as far as the publick lights do or (hall extend within the limits of the circular or environ road, whether within the county of Dublin, or within the faid city of Dublin, and the liberties thereto adjoining (except the barony of Donore) and keeping the fame free from obltru&ioas, nuifances, and annoyances: be it furthejr enadttd by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the pafling of this ad, the laid directors and commiflioncrs, or any four, or more of them, (hall have full power and authority from time to time, to order and direct any of faid fquares, llreets, lanes, courts, alleys, quays, and bridges now in being, or hereafter. to be made, as far as the publick lights do or (hall extend w ithin the limits aforefaid, or any part thereof, as well thofe ufed by foot paflen-gers, as thofe ufed by carriages, to be pitched,paved, repaired, raifed, lowered, or altered; and alfo (hall have full power and authority to caule to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into any of faid publick paflages, fuch gravel, ftones.

A. D.

1786. Chap. 61.

Signed by 7 at leaf!.

Names and proceedings of attending directors and commilfioners to he entered i* a book.

Any 4 or more empowered to order and direct the places herein to he pitched, paved, &c.



Digitized by L^ooQle

A. D.

1786. Chap. 61.

No rail, area, or jet-out window to be removed, filled up, or altered, except a* herein.

Such rail*, 'ana*, and jet-out window* as herein, may be removed, &c.

flags, and other materials, as they (hall judge neclffary; aaj aQ pods, rads, figns, fign-irons, fteps, bullcsybiilk-heads, pent* houfes, ftalb, floppers to coal-vaults, or other vaults, which are not of metal, or which rife above the level of the footways or carriage-ways, holes for receiving coals uncovered, or not properly covered, pits, fhew-ghflfes, (hew-boards, balconies, proje&ing-fpouts, or gutters, jet-ottt windows, walls en-dofing dunghills, as alfo all areas, Heps, ami doors opening upon or leading from the foot-ways or carriage-ways into vaults, cclhrs, or other places, and all encroachments or projections wftatfoever beyond the front or upright wall of each honfc, to he removed,Idled up, or altered; and (hall alfo have faH power and authority, if they fh.dl fee occalion, to place or fix poib, bars, or other defences in fuch palfagcs for preventing horfes, or other cattle or carriages from pafbng or going along the footways, or annoying the pafiengers thereon, and From time to time to remove or replace them at their will and pfeaftire, and to employ fuch artificers, workmen, labourers# Carters and others, and to do all and every fuch other acts and things teaching the premises, as the faid dnrC&ors and cornmiffionm, or any four or more of them thatt judge ne-ccffary.

XXVII.	Provided always. That no rail or area fhall hereafter be removed, filled np, or altered in any ftrett, or on the quays where the carriage-way oppofite thereto ftrcrti be thir* ty feet hr the clear in breadth, without the eonfent of the owner or proprietor of the houfe or building to which faid rail or area belongs, mdefs fuch rail or area (hall project be-» yond the general line of the greater part of the rails, areas or wdls on the feme fide of ftreet or quay; and that no jet-out windows sAready ercCted iu any of fnch ftreetsot- ifuays, aaad which does not prqjcCt more than fix inches in the center, and is rounded off at the ends to two inches, fhafl be remov-cd.

XXVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority srfbrefeid. That if the rail or area of any houfe, (hop, ware* houfe, or other building (hall projedt into any ftreet, quay or pubb'ek paffage beyond the general line of the greater part of the areas, walls, or rails, on the fame fide of faid llreet,quay, or paffage; or if any jet-ont window already eve&ed in any of fnch ftreets, quays, or paffage, (hall project above fit inches in the center, and two inches at eitlier of the ends or fides thereof, that in every fuch cafe, any four or more of feid di* re&ors and cohimiffioners (fix days notice being firll given to the owner or occupier, or left at fuch houfe, fhop, watehoufc or other building) may in their diferetion order and di red faid fail, or any part of faid rail or jet-out window to be removed, and find area# or any port of find area# to be fitted up,foas to

prevent

!

Digitized by Google

Private'

7b* tweaty-fixtb Tear of Geotge III.

present its prqje&ing as aforefitjd, although the carriageway of fuch ftreet, quay, or pafiage (hould be thirty feet in breadth, unlefs the foot-way oppofite to Inch rad, area, or jet-out window fhail be fix feet wide.

XXIX.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That it (hall and may be lawful for thefaid dire&ors and com-	^

miffioaers at any time when they (hall think fit, to raife, fink,	ftmk	ff

or otherwife alter the pofitkm of any of the private branches or altered, pipes which (hall be laid into or from any main or fervice pipe,

for the purpofe of conveying water from thence into any houfe, area, er other place, the eapence whereof, (hall from time to time he paid out of the monies arifing or to arife by virtue of thisa&.

XXX.	And whereas it may happen, that the direftofS IKreAon and and commiffioners (hall think it neceflary for enlarging or

rendering more commodious fome of the faidpublickpafiages,	atrf

to take down an houfe or houfes, or topurchafe fome parcel of houfe, Uc+ ground: be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid directors and commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, may, and they are hereby empowered and authorized to con-tra& with the owner or proprietor of any houfe, building, or parcel of ground,ior the purchafe thereof, for the ufe of the publick; and in cafe they cannot agree, the (aid dire&ors and commiffioners are authorised from time to time to iflue a warrant or precept under their handa-and feals, to the (heriffs of fai& city, who are hereby dire&ed and required, under the penalty of ten pou nds,to empannel and return a competent number of fubftautiai and di&nterefied perfons, qualified to ferve on juries, and inhabitants of faidfrity, not lefs than thirty, nor more than fixty, which perfons fo to be impannelled, fum-moned, and returned, are hereby required, under the penalty of ten pounds each, to come and appear before the (aid directors and commiffioners at fuch time and place as in fuch warrant or precept (hall be directed and appointed, and to attend till di (charged by faid directors and commiffioners $ and out of fuch perfons fo returned, a jury of twelve perfons (hall be drawit by ballot by the fecretary lor clerk ; and fuch jury dun upon their oaths afeertain the value of fuch houfe, building, or parcel of ground; and the (aid directors and coxa* milfioners, (ball and may give judgment for fuch fum or fuxn* of money to which fuch houfe, or building, or parcel of ground is fo valued, which faid vcrdiCt, and the faid judgment thereupon (hall be binding and conclusive to all parties.

XXXI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afare-Caid, That upon payment of fuch fum or films of money fo

to be awarded and adjudged, the perfon or perfons to whom _______e_________

the fame (hall be fo paid (hall make and execute good, legal traces pimdh&d and valid conveyances and alignments to the faid diro&ors and commiffioners, or any feven or more q£ them,, of fuch conumBbaenl Vot. VIII.	T	.	houfes,	flea.

Uponpa^ merit of lum awarded, coni’ veyantes and afijgnmcatS'of

V* 4

Digitized by

Google

A. D.

17 6. Chap. 61.

Sum* fo expended (hall be paid out of the funds.

Ground, &c. not neseffary rwy be fold. Arc.

r

Biredbors or com mi (Turners not empowered to make new fircetg, &c.

Empowered fo procure grave], (bone*, &c.

perfons aggrieved may appeal to juftice* at quarter fefli-•n*.

T%t twenty-fxth Tear of George IIT.

houfes, buildings, or parcels of ground for which fuch money (hall be fo paid, and all bargains and (ales to be made thereof to the faid dire&ors and commiffioners for the pur-pofes of this a &, and enrolled in the rolls office of the court of chancery of this kingdom (hall have the force, effect, and operation in law to all intents and purpofes which any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries whatfoever would hare, if levied or fuffered by the perfon or perfdns fo conveying.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all fums of money which (hall be paid purfu-ant to fuch agreement or verdict, and all fuch cods and charges as (hall be expended in taking down or clearing faid buildings or ground (hall be paid out of the funds of this corporation.

XXXIII.	And whereas the faid dire&ors and commiffian-ers may purfuant to the powers given them by this adfc happen to be feifed of fome piece or pieces of ground, houfe, or other tenement over and above what may be neceffary for the purpofes of this ati : be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid direo tors and commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, to let, fell, or difpofe of to any perfon or perfons any fuch piece or pieces of ground, houfe, or tenement in fuch manner as they (hall find moft advantageous and convenient, and to apply the money ariling from the fale thereof to the purpofes of this ad.

XXXIV.	Provided always, That nothing herein contain* ed (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to authorize or empower the faid diredors or commiffioners to make new ftreets or paffages, nor to widen or lay out any ftreets which now are, or hereafter (hall be under thediredion of the commiffi-dners for*making wide and convenient paffages in the city of Dublin 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary m any wife notwithftabding.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid diredors and commiffioners, or for any perfon or perfons to be by them appointed, fo fearch for, dig, raife, and carry away in and from any ground within the limits of this act (except a deer park, orchard, garden, yard, planted walk, or avenue to iny houfe) any gTavel, (tones, fand, or other materials fit and neceffary for paving and repairing fquareA, ftreets, and other paffages, paying fuch value for the fame to the owners or occupiers of fuch ground as the faid directors and commiffi-oners, or any four or more of them (hall judge reasonable; and in cafe any owner or occupier of fuch ground (hall think him-felf or herfelf aggrieved or injured by their adjudication, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons to appeal therefrom to the juftices at the quarter feffions for the city of

a	Dubiia,

Digitized by v^ooQle

TJjf ttyentyjixth Tear of George III.

Dublin, or county of Dublin, within their refpective jurif-dictions, who are hereby empowered and required finally to determiue fuch appeal, and to award fuch reafonablc fums for damage and fatisfaction to fuch ownet or owners, occupier or occupiers of the ground from whence fuch materials fhall be taken as fhall be affefled by a jury at fuch fefiions, upon hearing the refpective parties, and examination Upon oath of filch witnefTes as (hall be produced by; the parties on either fide.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That faid directors and commiffioncrs, or any feven c^c ground, or more of them, may for the purpofes aforefaid, purchafe any &c* ground (except as herein before is excepted) paying fuch value for the fame as they fhall think reafonable, with the like

remedy of appeal as before mentioned.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority Houfes to be

aforefaid, That the faid directors and commfffioners may order numbered as di-and direct the inhabitants of the feveral houfes in the faid commiffion fquares, (Ireets, lanes, courts, alleys, and quays, to number ^inkpropeiv their refpeftive houfes in fuch manner as they fhall think pro- See.	’

per, and may alfo order and direft the owner or owners,

occupier or occupiers, tenant or tenants in pofleffion of any of the flails in the markets within the limits of this aft, to affix his, her, or their name or names, and number of his, her, or their ftall at the refpeftive fronts thereof in length, in legible charafters, and may idfo order and direft to be engraved, painted, or otnerwife d,efcribed on flone or wood, to befixed on fome confpicuous part of fome h'oufe or building at each end or corner of every of faid fquares, (Ireets, lanes,	t#

courts, alleys, quays, and bridges, the name by which faid be fixed up ; publick pa(fage is ufuallv or properly called or known ; and if any fuch perfon or perfons fhall negleft to number his,her, or rcribnsne-their houfe or houfes, or to affix his, lier, or their name or fUtly (VftroTimr" names and numbers on his, her, or their ftalls as aforefaid, or &c.*ftich name/ ’if any perfon or perfons fhall wilfully or malicioufly deftroy, &c. forfeit 50s. pull down, obliterate, or deface any fuch name, number, or description, or any part thereof, or caufe or procure or know-ingly fuffer the fame to be done, every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding fifty (hillings upon conviftion upon oath, before the directors and commiHi-ocers.

XXXVT1I. And whereas the publick fountains or con* ^ duits which have been erefted by the direftors and coramiffi- fountains whera oners, under the aft of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth they think proyears of his prefent Majefly’s reign, have been found to con- per. tribute greatly to the health. Convenience, and benefit of the pteblick, and in particular to the poor of the faid city, and to the cleanlinefs thereof, be it Cnaftecf by the authority afore-fcrid, -That the faid direft or* and 'commiffioncrs, or any four T 2	%	«r

May par-



Digitized by

M*y ««fc

the Greet» to be

watered.

Mpy Hjwld

ftf^ oujLe fvir-

<n^idbjns.

Wheanecef-fary to make or buiM a fewer or dram in «Tcy tfiret, dec. notice ft»a»! be given to inhabit* ants in order to igrec upon the aaepeace \

The twmtyfixtk Tear of Georg* III.

or mom aft bra, may make and ereft in the Greets of the

laid cky, or any other place or places therein, or in the liberties thereof at to them (hall feem proper, fuch number of fountains or conduits for the (apply of water, as they QtaS think ncccfiary, and pay for the fame out of the funds api&ng by this a&.

XXXIX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore faid, That the faid • directors and commifEoUers Stall have full power and authority from time to time, to caufe afl or any part of faid puhlick Greets or paflaget to be well watered in fiich manner as they (hall appoint, and if nccefiary, ta caufe to be dug and funk in any of faid Greets or paflages, any well or wells, and aUo to creel one or more pump or pumps for the faid purpofe.

XL. And he it enacted by the authority aforefaid* Thai the faid dire&ors and commifhoncrs or any four of them fhaB and may build and make fewers and drains of fuch dunenfioas, and to fuch extent, in fuch Greets and other places in the £ud city as to them {hall appear expedient and ncceflary ; provided that the inhabitants of the (treets in which fuch (ewers aod drains (hall be intended to be made, (hall contribute towards the cxpeiice of the fame, in fuch proportions as to the (aid di* rectors anH commiflioners (hall feern meet, and alfo at tlujir own cofts and charges, (hall from time to time cieanfe* (coor, keep, and preferve the fame in proper order, repair, and COB-dn>on. #

XL I. And be it further ena&ed by the authocky afore-faid, That whenever the faid dire&ors and coramifiiooers (ball think it expedient and neceflary that a fewer or drain (HoumI be made or built in any Greet, or other place, it (hall and may be lavrfnl for them to give notice thereof to the inhabitants or occupiers of even' houfe in fuch Greet or other place, requiring them to meet the faid directors and commiflionera at fuch time and place -as (hall be therein exprefTcd, in order to confer thereupon, and to afeertain and agree upon the proportion of the expence which the inhabitants or occupiers of fuch houfes ought to contribute towards the makingof fuch fewer or drain, and whatever fum (hall at fuch meeting be agreed upon by fiich inhabitants or occupiers, or two-third* of them by writing under their hands, to be contributed towards fuch ex pence (hall be and remain a charge on the feveral houfes or out-offiees in fuch Greet, or other place, aud (hall be applotted andaflefled ratcably by faid direAors and commif-finneis, or any four or more of them, According to the value of faid houfes-or out-ofices refpcdivdy, and (hall be levied in the fame manner as the other rates herein mentioned are to be le?» vied, and that the laid dUt&ors and comnufikmtxs, if they think fit, fix days notice being ferved on fuch owners or occupiers, and on hearing fuch rcafons and objections as fuch

. owners

Digitized by

Google

The twentyJtxtb Tear of George HI.

*9i

owners and occupiers (hall make (if any) (hall caufe a cefa- A- D* pool or cef«-pools in any lane to be made, and levy the amount 1786. a£ the charge and expence incurred thereby off the owner or Chap# Occupier or every ftable, coach-houfe, ware-houfe, houfe, or other out-office, or void fpace of ground in ibid lane, or ad- cc** P60*8 td joining thereto, rateably in proportion to the amount of the „p2i^paida» paving tax then afiefled on the owner’s or occupiers houfe ad-	r

joining faid lane, or on the owner of any ware-houfe, houfe, out-office, or void fpace of ground in fuch lane; and if thccott and expences fo afiefled (hall not be paid ta the faid diredors and commiflioners, or their order, in fix days after demand made from fuch owner or occupier, that then the faid director* and commiflioners, or any three of them, may caufe the fame to be levied in manner as herein before mentioned.

XLII. And be it Further enaAed by the authority afore-faid. That when any private fewer, drain, or cefe-podl, wneutepri* (hall become choaked up or ruinous, fo as to affe& or injure ^cefn-the pavement of any of the ftfeets or other poblick paflh- pool/(halt be ges, or (hall become offenfive to the inhabitants thereof, the choaked up, &e. perfon or perfons who are hereby made liable to the paving fferfon* tax, aflefled or to be afiefled on all churches and other publick	4	days

buddings, the owner or proprietor of all dead walls and void after notice, fpaces, and the occupier Or occupiers, tenant or tenants, *f clcanfc. Sec. the the leveral houfes and mefluagea who have, or have had any tender the benefit or ufe of fuch fewer, drain, or cefs-poOl, or whole	*f

drip or drop runs into the fame, (hall within four days after farveyov •/ notice delivered to, or left for him, her, or them, at then- fe-vcral houfes or dwellings, or affixed on faid publick buildings* out-offices, dead walls, and void fpaces, by the ftipervifbr or other officer of the faid directors and commiflioners proceed to and with all convenient fpeed to cleanfe, fcour, repair, and amend, under the direftion of any of the fupervifors or fur-vcyors, fuch private fewer, drain, or cefs-pool; and in cafe of the diredor^ default or delay in fo doing, it (hall and maybe law/alto and may canfe for the faid direftors and commiflioners to caufe the fame to il be be done, and the charges and expences thereof, and of repairing the pavements damaged thereby, (hall (land charged on the faid feveral publick buildings, void fpaces, houfes, mefliia-ges, and tenements, and be paid by the refpe&ive perfons who are hereby made liable to the oayment of tttt paving tax, by the tenants or occupiers of (uch houfes or tenements, or by the owners or proprietors if wafte and untenanted ; and the faid dire&ors and commiflioners (hall and may affefe and* rate the quota ot (hare which each and every fuch perfon is to pay according to the valuation of fuch houfe or tenement* for the pigment of the paving tax ; and if any fuch perfon fo afleffed , lhatt refufe to pay. fuch (hare or m/ola, it (hall and may be laws ful to and For the colle&or of the diitrid where fuch dcfault-

Digitized by L^ooQie

The twenty-fixlh Tear of George III.

er lives, to take fuch fteps for the recovery thereof as he is hereby enabled to do, againft any perfon or perfons refuting to pay his or their feveral rates and alTeffmcnts under this aft, or the faid directors and commifliouers ipay, at their ele&ioo, commence and profecute one or more adion or ad ions, fuit or fuits, againft the perfon or perfon6 fo refufmg; and if judgment (hall be had againft him, her, or them, he, fhc, or they (hall pay double cofts.

XLIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained htxein to affeft (haU ^ COnftrucd to take away the povvcrswhich have been ex-IorimTyor° C	by	the lord mayor of the city of Publiu, or by the

grand jury’&c. grand jury for faid city, or by any other body or bodies, perfon or perfons, relative to all or any of the publick fewer* or drainsynor to exonerate him, her, or them from the coll* and charges of watching, cleaning, or repairing the fame, but the fame powers which were lodged in him, her, or them for the purpofes aforefaid, or auy of them, fhall and may be ex-ercifed as before the pafling of this or any of the herein before recited ads, any thing herein before coutaincd to the contra^ jry ootwithftanding.

XL1V, And whereas the cleanfing of the ftreets and other places in the city of Dublin, hath before the palling of the ad of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth yean? of his prefer^ Majefty, been conduced and managed under the direction of the lord mayor, fheriffo, commons, and citizens of the (aid city, and the expence thereof hath been defrayed by them out of the revenue arifing by the tolls and cuftomsof the faid city; wherefore, and towards enabling the faid directors and com-miffioners to defray the expence of cleanfing the ftreets of toe The lord city	»	be	lt	enaded	by	the	authority	aforefaid,'That

mayor, Sec. to the lord mayor, fheriffs, commons, and citizens of the laid city continue to pay (hall, from and after the pafling of this ad, continue to pay •fCaoooll^LfUln t0 ^ ^^dors an^ commiflioner8 the annual fum of two herein.	thoufand pounds, out of the revenue of the faid city, arifing

out of the tolls and cuftom of the faid city, by equal half-yearly payments, on every twenty-ninth day of September and twenty-fifth day of March, in each and every year, the firft payment whereof fhall be made on the fir ft of the faid dates enfuing the pafling of this ad, and the faid flire&ors and com-miflioners fhall and may hate the fame power of demanding, levying, and recovering the fame, as arc hereby given them jFor recovering of any of the rates and ailt Aments which fhall or may be made under the authority of this ad.

XPV. And for the better lighting the faid ftreets, fquarcs, lanes, courts, alleys, quays, bridges, and other publick paffa-ges within the limits of this ad, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid directors and coinmiffiouers (hall have full power and authority from time to time to remove

rtutivc to pUD-lick fewer* or drains.

Nothing-

7'hi twentyjixth Tear ^George III.

move or take-away all or any of the publick globes or lamps Which now are, or which may hereafter be erected within the limits aforefaid, and alfo to fell and difpofc offuch old globes, lamps, irons, polls, or other furniture as they (hall think fit, and to provide and eredl globes or lamps in fuch places only, in fuch manner, and at fuch diftances throughout the ftrects and other publick pafikges and places within the limits aforefaid, as they (hall think proper ; and that fuch globes or lamps fhall be of fuch fort afid fafhion, and be lighted, clean fed, fnuffed, maintained, and repaired in fuch manner as laid dire6kors and commiflionrers (hall order and diredl.

XJLVI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all globes and lamps which have been, or (hall be creeled or fixed up at the expence of private perform, fhall be fixed and placed on the fame line or range with the publick globes or lamps which are fixed or to be fixed in the fame fljeets or other places, and in fuch manner as the faid direftors and commifiioners (hall think proper.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid directors and commifiioners, or any fiv^ or more of them, (firit giving notice in any of the publick papers of their intended meeting for that purpofc, to the end that the perfon or perfons may fend in propofals) may contract with a fit perfon or perfons for paving or keeping in repair, or for deaofing or lighting all or any of the (aid (treets, fquares, lanes, courts, or alleys, quays, or bridges, paflages or places, which they (hall think proper, which contract or contracts mud be figned by faid directors and commifiioners, or apy four or more of them, and by the perfon or perfons contracting for the execution of fuch works.

XLV1II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid directors and commifiioners (hall have fcll power and authority to oblige the landlords, owners, tenants, or occupiers of the fcveral houfes, buildings, or grounds on any of faid quays, to keep in proper repair and condition, and of an even height, fo much of the walls which embank the river Liffcy, aS are oppofite the front of their refpective houfes, buildings, or ground, and alfo to cope them with one cut done of mountain grit, or other done, and in default thereof that the (hid directors and commifiioners (hall and may ferve the landlord, owner, tenant, or occupier, of any of (aid houfes, buildings, or ground, who (hall fo neglect, with notice in writing, to be left at his, her, or their houfe pr place of abode, requiring him, her, or them to repair, raife, or lower the wall before his, her, or their houfe, building, or ground, and to cope the fame as aforefaid; and if fuch perfon or perfons (hall neglect or refufe fo to do for fourteen days after fuch notice, that then it (hall and may be lawful for the faid directors and

eommiflioners

A. D.

1786. Chap. 61.

May remove, fire, publick globes or lamps.

Private globes or lamps to be on fame line with publick ones.

May contra^ for paying, ficc. as herein.

May oblige landholders, &c. of houfe*, &c. on the quay* to keep the walls in repair, &c.

Digitized by

Google

Nothiof herein to exonerate the city corporation or other* from building, dee. fuch Walls.

13 & 14 O.3.

The twaUyJxtb Tear cf Georg* III.

commif&onm to order the part of feidw*ll wanting fuck alteration to be repaired, railed, or lowered, and coped, and li* cofb and charges attending fuch alteration and repairs (h*0 ftand charged on the respective houfes, buildings, or ground tfrhich are Vjppofite to the wall fo repaired or altered, and (tall be paid by the rcfpe&ive tenants or occupiers thereof, wt*hj the owners or proprietors if wafte or untenanted, according to their refpe&ive fronts; and if any fuch perfon or perfon fhall refufe to pay his, her, or their proportion or part of foch coftsand charges, that then it fhall and may be lawful toad for thefaid dirc&ors and comtni&oner§,by wan ant under dbpr hands and feala, to levy the eacpence thereof by diftrefisand file of the goods and chattels of the perfon dr perfons fo negfediag 4fr refilling, or the {aid directors and commiftoners pay commence and profecute one or more adieu or ad ions, fait or (hits againft the refpcftive owners or proprietors, occupiers or tenants of aH or any of faid houfrs, buildings, or grounds who (hall fo refufe ox neglect; and if judgment fhaJJ be had 1-gainft him,her, or them, he, (he, or they fhall pay double coils; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife out-withftandiOg.

XLIX. Provided always, That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend to exonerate the corporation of the city of Dublin, or any perfon or perfona who by cuftom or con trad is, are, or were obliged to build, repair, or keep in order the walls of faid quays, or any part thereof; but the landlord, owner, tenant, or occupier of fuch houfe, building, or ground, who has been obliged to repair, raife, or lower, or to cope the walls oppofite to the front of bid hoofe, building, or ground, or who has paid the cofts and charges attending fuch repairs, fhall and may have full power to compd the faid corporation,

. and all other perfon or perfons liable and chargeable as ifbre-faid, therewith, either by hdion or fuit/againft the treafurpr of - the faid corporation, or againft fuch other perfon or petfoss liable as aforef*id, or by fuch other means as perfons inhabiting the quays are hereby made fubjed tp, to reimburfe him, her, or them, all cofts and expence* he, fixe, or they (hall have been put to on account thereof.

L. And whereas by the faid ad palled in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Msjcfty’s reign, the inhabitants of the quays were made liable to keep in proper repair the walls oppofite their refpedive houfes, or in default thereof the commiffioners therein named were empowered to repair the fames and to levy the expcncc thereof by fale of the goods of the inhabitant fo refuting: provided that nothing therein contained (hould extend to exonerate the corporation pf Dublin, or any perfon or perfons who were obliged to keep the fame in repair t and whereas there arc and hereafter may be

frvtrtl

Oxrocn of

T7x tpentyfatlj nf George 111.

federal * new ftreets «nd pbce» within the limits of tins aft which were act paved* part of which arc or may be bVx&h or •in building; and whereas itis rcafonable and Would bebenefi? idal to the publick, if builders or other owners or occupiers of ground or houfes in fuch new ftreets were to pay towards paving and making tlie footways and fewers through the lame, in proportion to the extent in front of each houfe or lot of ground, fuch fum or fums of money as herein after is direfted: be it therefore enafted by the authority afortfaid, That it 4hall and may be lawful to and for the faid direftors and com-	m

mi&oners to view any fuch ftreet or place which now is, or for jUgging Wd hereafter may be built or building upon, and if they (hall be making foot-jof opinion that the fame, or any part or parts thereof is or are ™*T* 9^ Por fit and proper to be paved, and to have footways and fewers, that then the faiddtreftors and commiffioners (hall and may yard* of crotagc -order their fupervifor, or any other perfon or perfons to give way, notice to the owner, proprietor, or leflee of any ground, houfe, or tenement in fuch ftrect or place, by kavingthe fame at hts or her lad or ufual place of abode, or if no fuch owner, proprietor, or lefTee can be found, then by fixing the fame to fame confjpicuous part of the premises requiring fuch owner, proprietor or lellee, to attend at the time and place therein mentioned (not lefs than fourteen days from the date of fuch notice) to compound for flagging and making the footways thereof, any fum not exceediogntne pence far every fquare foot of fuch footway, and eight pcftee per yard for every fquare yard of fuch carriageway, and at any fum not exceeding nine an(J ^ pounds by the perch for fuch fewers in front to fuch ground, perch for fcw-houfr, or tenement, to be of fuch breadth, levels, and dimeu- era. fioos as the laid direftors and commiffiooers (hall think proper, which compofition the laid direftors and coramiffioners are hereby authorised to make; and if fuch owner, proprietor, or kflee (hall not attend, or (hall not agree with laid direftors and oommiffipuers as aforefaid, that then they may order the

•	foot-ways to be flagged, or carriagc-vwyt to be paved, and fewers where neceflary to be made, and all charges and expen-

•	eet attending the fame, Ihall be paid by the relpeftite owner, proprietor, or leffee, or in default thereof Ihall and may be recovered by aft ion, bill, plaint, or information in any of bis .

Msjefty's courts of record, in the name of the fecretary or clerk to faid direftors and commiffiooers, in which aftion no efioign, proteftion, or wager of law, or xnom^than one impar-

•	twice Ihall be allowed,

LI. Provided, That the faid owner, proprietor, or leflee Said owners fliaH not be charged or chargeable with more than (hall be their [ioI^yT>roror~ proportion of the (aid charges or expences according to the extent and number of feet which fuch ground, book, or tc-atttfnt (hall occupy in front toTuch ftrccu

LII. And

Rata far paving, dec. not to exceed it. 6d. in the pound of the rent as valued for mini-iter** or watch mhej, or for the Work-houfe and foundling hofpital, or by *3 A14 G. 3. or this 11ft,

Rate of lamp

money to be on houfes, dec. valued at aoL a year, or up* wards, is. 6d. in thtpoond |

■ fis twmjjtxtk Tsar rf George HI.

LII. And for defraying the charges of paving and repairing theflreeta, fquares, lanes, courts,alleys,quays, bridges,and other publick paflages now being, or hereafter to be made within the limits or circuit of the environ road, except in the barony of Dtinore, and to enable the faid directors and com-miffioners to pay the creditors of faid corporation the intereft due and accruing on the principal fums advanced by them, and the intereft of fuch fum and fums as (hall be or may be borrowed purfuant to this ad, and to difeharge fuch principal fnmi as aforeAdd: be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, there (hall and may be levied and aflefled by the laid dire&ors and commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, once in every year, Qr oftener, if they (hall fee occafion, one or more rate or rates, afleflment •r afleflments upon all and every the houfes, (hops, ware-honfes, vaults, cellars, and tenements now built, or which at any time hereafter (hall be built within the limits of the circo-larroad, except fuch houfes and buildings as are in the barony of Donore, in fuch fum ^nd fums of money as the faid diredon and commiffioners, or any feven or more of them (hall order, fp as fuch vate or rates, afleflment or afleflments, do notio any one year exceed in the whole the fum of one (hilling and fix pence in the pound, for every pound of the yearly rent fuch houfe,(hop,warehoufe, tenement, vault, or cellar, (hall at the time of fuch afleflment, be rated or valued for the collection of minifter*s or watch money, or for the fupport or maintenance of the work-houfe and foundling hofpital, or as the £une hath been valued by virtue qf fyid act of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or maybe vplued under this prefent act; which rate or rates, afleflment or afleflments, (hall be a charge upon all and fingular the Add houfes, (hops, ware-houfes, tenements, vaults, and cellars; and upon the feveral tenants, owners, or occupiers thereof refpco* tivdy, and (hall and may be levied and recovered half-yearly or otherwife as herein after mentioned.

LIII. And for defraying the expence of erecting lamps or lights, pofts and irons, and the annual charge of repairing, maintaining, and lighting the Aud lamps or lights; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, one or more rate or rates, afleflment or afleflments, not exceeding in any one year the feveral and refpective funis herein after mentioned, (hall, over and above the rates and afleflments herein before mentioned, be laid and aflefled by the Add dire&ors and commflfioncrt, or any feven or more if them, off and upon a|l hopfes, (hops, waredioufes, tenements,

IS. in the

9*1 if at left

One half aV

The twenty ft xth Tear of George III.

«oents, cellars, and vaults fituate within the circuit or limitl of the environ road in manner following; that is td fay, on all houfes and other buildings which are or {hall be valued or rated towards the maintenance of the minifter, watch, or foundling hofpital of this city, or which have been valued under the late ad of. the twenty-third and twenty-fourth yearn of his prefent Majefty, or which (hall be valued under this ad, to the yearly rent or value of twenty pounds and upwards, a rate or affeffment (hall be laid and affeffed not exceeding one (billing and iix pence in the pound of the faid yearly rent or value; on all fuch houfes and buildings valued or rated as aforefaid, at the yearly rent or value of ten pounds, and under P^^*^***^ twenty pounds, a rate not exceeding one (lulling in the pound yearly, for every pound of the faid yearly rent or value (hall be laid; and on all fuch houfes and other buildings valued or rated as aforefaid, at lefs than ten pounds yearly rent or value, ihall be laid a rate or affeffment not exceeding nine pence in the pound yearly for every pound of the (aid yearly rent or thin 10L value; and that l'uch rates and affeffments (hall and maybelcvi* td and recovered half-yearly in the fame manner as the other rates to be affeffed by virtue of this act, and Ihall be in JJeu of all former rates and afleflments for lighting the faid city.

LIV. Provided always, That if the owner or occupier of any fuch houfe or building, (hall regifter his or her name in paudb^ the book of the fecretary or clerk of the faid direftors and perfons hiving commiflioners, and engage to light one or more private globe private globes or globes, fubjeft to the fame regulations with the publick *• hersin. globes or lamps, and (hall pay to the contraftor or contraftorg to be employed by this corporation the expence of lighting the fame, fuch owner or occupier (hall in fuch cafe be exempted from paying one half of the rate or afleffment for the fup-port of the publick lamps which he, or (lie, would otherwife be liable to. *

L.V. Provided alfo, and be it further eaafted by the author Direaors and rity aforefaid, That it (haH and may be lawful to and for the laid direftors and commiflioners, or any four or more of	l°

them, to grant to the owner or occupier of any houfe or houfes houfet. Arc, va-within the limits of this aft, which (hall have been valued or lnedat 7L or rated as aforefaid* to the yearly rent or value of feven pounds or under, fuch relief, as to the payment of any rate or affeff-menthy virtue of this aft, as they (hall think proper.

LVI. Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained, Houfes, Ac. relating to the lighting the ftreets and other paffages Ihall ex- exempt from tend to the liberties of faint Sepulchre’s, and Thomas-court ^	***•

and Donore, or (hall be confidered to extend to or to charge with the atwve rates the owner or occupier of any houic, lhop, ware-houfe, or other tenement which now is, or which at any time hereafter tfiay be erefted beyond the publick

light*,

Digitized by

Google

Per'on* np-pointcd may inly cz\ the book* ot i ate of each pariili, die.

ehufeh warden*, 6c<. r«*fuf« ir* peimiflion, forfeit Si.

VThen

are

**t vaijMd lor wiwUer'i wo-ifccy, &c.

v Sprnon*ccn-rcrlajit in building, (ball be appointed to make a valuati. •it. &t.

The twentyJlxth Tear of George III.

lights, and which is or (hall be let to a folvent tenant, with-out a fine, for lefs than ftven pounds by the year.

LVII. And for the better information of the faid dire&of* and commiffioners in putting this a£i into execution; be ft cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons authorized by them, at all convenient times, to infpeft the books of rate made by any parifii or parities, liberty or liberties, for the maintenance c f the miniflcr, watch, or lamps, and alfo the books of rates made for cohering the foundling hofpital and work-houfe money, in order to afeertain or regulate the rates and affi Aments to be laid and railed by virtue of this a<ft, and to take copies there* of, and extracts therefrom, which inspection, copies, and ex-tra&s, the refpe&ive church-wardens, veftry-clcrks, regider, and other officers, having the cuftody of fuch books of rates, are hereby required to permit and finer (o be made and taken without any fee or reward, by fuch perfon or periods, he or they producing an order for that pui pofe under the hands of the faid directors and commiffioners; and if any churchwarden, veftry-clerk, regifter, or fuch other officer as aforefaid, (hall refufc or negledl fo to do, within fix days after fuch order has been produced to him 01 them, or a copy there, f left at hi6 or their ufual place of abode, that then, and in every fuch cafe, he or they fo refufing or neglcifting, (hall forfeit any fum not exceeding five pounds, at the diferetion of {aid directors and cornmiffioners.

LVI1I. Am} for the better afeertaining the rents of fuch houfes, (hops, ware-houfes, cellars, vaults, coach-houfes, fables, out-offices, or other tenements, where no valuations art or (hall be made and returned for the cclleftion of mioifters, watch, or foundling-hofpital money, and alfo the value of all dead walls and void fpacts: be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any of the faid houlcs, ware-houfes, coach houfc6, fables, out-offices, or other tenements, or if any of the faid dead walls and void fpaces within the limits of this aft, (hall not at the time of fuch afleflvnent have been valued for any of the purpofes aforefaid, or under the faid act of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his prdent Ma-jefty, that in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful tQ and for the faid directors and commiffioners, or any five or more of them, by writing under their hands, to nominate and appoint *ny three perfons converfant in building, they (hall think-fit, to make and afeertain a valuation of fuch houfes, ware-houfes, fables, out-offices, or other tenements, or of fuch dead walls or void fpaces; which valuation (hall be returned to (aid diitft-ors and commiffioners, with an affidavit thereto annexed, made before the faid dire&ors and commiffioners, purporting that fuch valuation was made by them according to the bed of

thdr

Digitized by

Google

The twentyftxth Tear of George III.	301

their fklll and knowledge, without partiality or favour to any perfun or perfons concerned or interelled therein, and that in making the fame, conlidcration was had to a fair andreafona-blc rent, according to the mode which has been yfually perilled in valuing houfes for minifters and foundbng-hofpitaL money, and not to the utmofl rent which the fame is or might be let for; which valuation fo made, (hall, for the purposes of this aft only, and for nooth=r purpofe, be deemed evidence of the rent of fuch houfe, ware-haute, coaclnkoufet ftable, out-office, or other tenement or budding, or of the. value of fuch dead wall or void fpace of ground refpeflively.

LIX. Provided always. That no houfe, or other tenement	^	^

now built, or heieafter to be built within the limits aforesaid, he^alued a* for and which (hall be valued by viitne of this a61, (hall be valued miniftcr> spm for the purpofes of tlie fame, to a greater extent than any n«7-houfe or other tenement may now be valued at for micifter's. mooey.

L.X- And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Houft*, &c. That if it (hall happen, that any of fuch houfes, (hops, ware-houfes, coach-houfes, (tables, cellars, vaults, or other tene- ^ roents lying within the circuit or limits of the environ road, ihall at any time from and after making the (aid rates or aflFeilX ments be empty or untenanted for the fpace of not lefs than fix months in any one year, that then, and in every fuch cafe, upon proof thereof being given by the owner or proprietor, one half only of tin: rate or rates which may be affefled by virtue of this aft, (hall be paid by him or her for fuch or any longer time fuch houfef (hop, ware-houfe, cellar, vault, or tenement (hall appear to have been a&ually empty or untenant-ed ; and in cafe of nonpayment of fuch proportion, (tick houfes, (hops, ware-houfes, (tables, coach-houfes, and other tenements (hall be, and are hereby made a fecurity for and chargeable with the fame, and all arrears of fuch rates: end afiHTments, the fame to be recovered by diftrefs and fhle in fuch manner as other diftreffes and Tales are by this aft di-refted to be made.

LX I. And whereas it is reafonable that all publick buildings, ware-lioufes,coach-houfes, (tableland out-offices, and ah dead walls, and void fpaces of ground (hould be rated and afleffed towards the paving of the feveral (treets and other pub* lick pafiages within the limits herein before mentioned, except in the barony of Donorc : be it further ena&ed the au* thority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for Church?*, the (aid dire&ora and commiflioners, or any feven or more f11^1 of them, and they are hereby required* when 4nd at fuch foJkSUloc times as the before mentioned rates and aflHTments (hall be p^y10gf made, to cate and affefr for the purpofes aorefaid, all pariflt churches, church-yards, chapels, mecting-boufes, or other

places

U	C.	rn

Digitized by

Google

and all ware houfet, &(.

for each fquarc yard of ground mi front, See.

wirehoofes, 9tc. to pay either is. 6d. per yard run-

Tie tvxnty-fixth Tear of George III.

places of publick worfhip, mecting-houfc yards, buryiog grounds, Schools, market-houfes, halls, ^aols, hofpitals, and a3 other publick buildings whatfoever within the limits Herrin before mentioned, and all ware-houfes, coach-houfes, liable*, and out-offices, and all void Spaces of ground fituate in or fronting to or along the fide or fides of any ft rret, Square, lane, or other publick paftages within the limits aforefaid, (except not exceeding ■^before excepted) at the rate not exceedingfourpenceby the 4d. by the year year for every Square yard of the ground frontingto or on the fide of fuch churches, church- yards, chapels, meeting-houfes or other places of publick worfhip, meeting-houfe yards, hury-ing grounds. Schools, maiket-houfes, halls, gaols, hofpitais and all other publick buildings what Soever, and contained between fuch buildings, or the burial ground, or other ground* belonging to fuch building, and the centre of the ftreet, lane, or publick paftages to which it adjoins or fronts ; and alfo to rite and afTefs all ware-houfes, coach-houfes, ftahles, and out-offices, and all dead walls, and void Spaces of ground adjoining ning'meaTwre or *° or 0,1	or	^es	an7	lane, qnay, court,

is. per po«ad of Square,alley,or paflage within the faid limits (except as afore-yeariy value. laid) although Such dead wall fhould enclofe a yard or garden belonging or adjoining to any hotife or tenement, for eveiy yard running meafure, of fuch ware-houfe, coach-lioufc, ftable, or out-office, or of fuch dead wall, or void Space of ground, adjoining to, or along the fide of any ftreet or place as ?fore-fiid, arateiiot exceeding in the year cither the rate of one fhOling and fix pence for every fuch yard, or of one fhilling in the pound of the yearly value of fuch ware-houfe, coach-houfe, liable, or out-office, or of fuch ground inclofed by fuch dead wall, or fuch void fpace, as the fame (hall have been valued under the a& of the twenty-tliird and the twenty-fourth years of his prefent Majefty herein before mentioned, or may be valuedpurfuant to this a&, and the charge againft fuch ware-houfe, coach-houfe, ftable, or out-office, or againft Such dead wall, or void fpace, (hall be made according to the loweft of the laid rites.

LX1I. And whereas it is reafonablc that all parifh-ch undies, church-yards, chapels, meeting-houfes, or other places of publick worfhip, meeting-houfe yards, burying-grounds. Schools, market-houfes, halls, gaols, hofpitals,. bridges, and all other publick buildings what Soever within the limits herein before mentioned, and all ware-houfes, co?ch-houfes, liable*, and out-offices, and all void Spaces of ground Situate in or fronting to, or along the fide or Sides of any llrcet, Square, lane, or other publick paflage within the limits aforefaid, (ex-#ept in the liberty of faint Sepulchre, or of Thomas Court and Donore) Ihould be rated and aflefled towards the cx-pences of lighting the laid ftrccts or paftages : be it ena&ed

bf

Digitized by

Google

Churches and all publick buildings to be afleffa) for

The toentyfixth Tear of Georgs IIL	393

by the authority aforefaid, That It (hall and may be lawful	A. D.

to and for the fajd dire&ors and commiflioners, or any feven	1786.

or more of them, when and at fuch time and times as they Chap. 61. meet to make the rates before mentioned, to rate and affels for the above purpofes, over and above the faid rates 'on all pariih-churches, church-yards, chapels, meeting-houfes, or

other places of publick worihip, meeting-houfe yards, bury-________

kig-grounds, fchools, market-houfes, halls, gaols, hofpitak, lighting the and all other publick buildings, and on all ware-houfes, coach- Greets, 4^ by houfes, llables, and out-offices, and on all dead walls and void 1 fpfeces of ground, which are or (hall be rated towards the ex-pence of paving and repairing the faid ftreets or pillages (ex- m front. Sec. dept in the liberty of faint Sepulchre, or of Thomas-court and Donore) and airbridges within the publick lights, the following rates, that is to fay, any fum not exceeding four pence by the year for every fquare yard of the ground fronting to, or on the lide or Tides of fuch churches, church-yards, chapels, meeting-houfes, or other places of publick worihip, meeting-houfe yards, burial-grounds, fchools, market-houfes, or other publick buildings, and contained between fuch buddings, or the burial or other ground belonging thereto, and the centre •f the ftrect, lane, or publick paffage to which it adjoins or fronts, and alfo to rate and affefs on all ware-houfes, coach- wsre-hoafts, houfes, (Tables, and out-offices, and on all dead walls and void fpaces of ground adjoining to or on the fide or fides of any ftreet, lane, quay, court, fquare, alley, or paffage within the faid meafure, or is. L'mits (except as aforefaid) although fuch dead wall Ihotild “die pound •£ enclofe a yard or garden belonging or adjoining to any houfe or tenement, for every yard runm'ng-meafurc of fuch ware-houfe, coach-houfe, fiable, or out-office,or of fuch dead wall, or void fpace of ground adjoining to, or along the fide of any houfe or place as aforefaid, a rate not exceeding in the year, either the rate of one (hilling and fix pence for every fuch yard, or of one (hilling in the pound of the yearly value of fuch ware-houfe, coach-houfe, liable dr out-office, or of the ground endofed by fuch dead walk or fuch void {pace as the fame (hall have been valued under the a& of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his prefent Majefty, herein before-mentioned, or may be valued purfuant to this ad, if the •wner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, (hall defire to be affefled by fuch latter rate, or in cafe of their not fo defiring, the charge to be made according to the lowed of the (aid rates, and alfo to rate and affefs on all bridges within the publick bridges 44-lights, a rate not exceeding four pence by the year for every	ye*r	**

fquare yard contained between the battlements on each fide in breadth, and the two extremities or ehds of each bridge, which additional fum or rate (hall be chargeable upon, and payable by fuch perfon or perfons as are or (hall by virtue of

this

Digitized by

the 4d- per

fqaare yawl ot bridge* to ht paid by church-w a i dent m . heroin.

No diHrefo for more than two years at one time.

Arrears of lamp-money due at expiration of faid a&% Hill recoverable.

Dead walls,

he. beyond publick lights, not upced, except as herein.

Dead walls or ▼oidfpaccs as hciein, not to be taxed.

Said taxes to be paid half-yearly.

Tie iwmayfxtb Tear of Petty ill.

tin f& be chargeable with the ibid rates or afief&ncvttx for paving and repairing laid (beets or paf&ges Except as afore* laid) and which fum of four pence per fquare yard charged on the federal bridges as afordhid; (hail be paid by the churchwardens of the feveral parities which adjoin thereto in manner following, that is to fay, one half of the charge on each bridge (hall be paid by the church -warden* of the parilh which adjoins it on the north fide, and the other half by the church-wardens of the parilh which adjoins it on the fouth fide of the river; and inWe of non-payment thereof, (hall and may be ropovered in like manner as faid rates or aflcfTments arc hereby appointed to be recovered.

LXIIi. Provided alio, that nohoofe or other place (hall be charged or chargeable' for any of the (aid rates or afieC-ments, nor any di Grefs or (air taken for more than two ye*rg arrears at any one time

LXIV. Provided alfo, and be it anaded by the authority aforefkid, That nothing herein contained (hall extend to prevent the church-wardens and pariQtioners of the feveral parities in the (aid city from levying and recovering all taxes for lighting the lamps in their iisfpe&ivc.parifttcA, and all areas* thereof, which weft due and owing at the expiration of any of (aid a£b, in fuch manner a* they couldhave done ifthe faid ads were dill fubfiftiag and in force.

LXV. Provided always, That no dead waU, or void fpace of ground fituate beyond whetr the pubhek lights arc or (hall be created, (bah be chargeable with faid taxes for paving and repairing, or for lighting the forests, Hares, and other paffa-gety unlefs the ftreet or other ptfSige m which fuch dead wall or void fpaoe of ground is ikuate, (hah have been paved or lighted before the time of filch- rate, at the expence of the corporation hereby created.

LXVI. And provided alfo, That wb«re a (beet or lane is not,or (hall not be a thoroughfare, but is bounded at one end by a dead wall or void fpacevf*ch dead wall of void fpaoe being the (aid boundary, (hall not be chargeable with any of the (aid. taxes for lighting or pavi-ig the (aid city.

LXVIi. And'to the end that the faid rates may be more efie&ually cofieded and received c be it farther enabled by the authority afowfaid, That all and every owner or owners, pro-prietoror proprietors, tenant or tenants, occupier or Qccupiets, pf lands, houfes (hops, ware-houfcs, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, which am charged or chargeable with any of (aid rates, are and (hall be liable to and pay the whole thereof, by two half-yearly payments, to' the rceeiver or receivers to hie appoentedas herein before isdirefted.

LXVIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid, That the rate or rates horn time to time to be lafd and aflefled upon any church, church-yard, or burial ground 3	belonging

Digitized by

Google

The twentyftxth Tear of George III.

3 05 .

belonging thereto, or on any chapel, (hall be paid by the re- A. D. fpcClive mini'ters, church or chapel-wardens, and the rate or 178^. rates fi om time to time to be laid and aflefled upon all and Chap. r. every meeting-houfe, chapel, or other place of publick wor-(hip, mceting-houfe-yard, or burial ground, (hall be paid by Rates on two equal half-yearly payments, or otherwife, as the dirc&ors bc^a^b^the* and commiflioners (hall think proper, by the diflenting mini- miqifor, 5^ ller or deacon of fuch meetiog-houfe, and by the pried or priells of fuch chapel, or by fuch other perfon or perfons who ufually officiate in fuch meeting-houfes, chapels, or other places of publick worfhip, or belong thereto; and in cafe fuch meering-houfe, chapel, or other place of publick worihip, or yard or burial-ground, fhall be wade, and no fervice or wor-(hip performed therein, that then fuch rate or rates (hall be a charge thereon, and (hall be paid by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, or ground landlord thereof; and ^ the rate or rates fo to be laid and aflefled on any fchool, ^ ^ the* market-houfe, hall, gaol, hofpital, bridge, or other .publick matter, &c, building, and on any dead wall, or void fpace, (hall be paid by the fchool-mafter, clerk of the market, keeper, gaoler, trea-fuier, (or other principal officer belonging to fuch publick building) or by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof, and of fuch dead walls, and void fpaces rdpec-tively ; and the rate or rates to be aflefled and laid on the feve-ral bridges within the city, towards defraying the expence of lighting theTame, (hall be paid by the refpe&ive church-wardens of the parifhes which adjoin the fame as before mention-ed ; and in cafe of non-payment, (hall and may be recovered paid by the of and from the refpe&ive perfons hereby made chargeable church-wardcnt therewith, by diftrefsand fale of his, or their goods, and chattels, by the collector or receiver, in* like manner as he is by this act empowered to levy the other rates and afTelTments; and in default of payment, or if the ownpr or proprietor cannot be found* that then the fame (hall be, and remain a charge on fuch publick building, or on the ground enclofed within fuch	t0	^

dead wall, and on fuch void fpace, and be liable to all arrears recovered, andexpences, in whofe hands foever they may edme; and the faid directors and commiflioners may diftrain or fue as herein after mentioned, for recovery of other rates and afltfiments, the owners or occupiers thereof, whenever he, (he, or they (hall be found, for all or any part of faid arrears, and the ex-pences attending the recovery thereof.

LXIX. Provided always, That nothing herein before con-tained, (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to fubjedt the m ttable-lana*. owners or occupiers of (tables, coach-houfes, or other out-offices fituate in any (table-lane within the limits of this a£t, to any tax or afieflment for paving or lighting, other than what they would have beenfubjeft to if this a£i had not pa.Ted.

Vol. VIII.	U	I-XX.

Dig^ ^ sd by

Google

3® 6

a. r>.

178S.

Chap.

Pavement* adjoining ila-Mc% &rc. repor-r ' /'Y propric-'t ais.

Part* which are to be p-ivcd ami lighted by prefemment, Ac.

If nofrcfrnr-menu -Vc. luch puce* (hall not hr I'.tved or fc-pairciL

Tie (wetiy-Jtidh Teir t>f Gtorg lit.

iXX. Artd be it farther ettaded by the authority afort-faid, That as to all pavertientt adjoining or front?ag to any liable, coach-honfe, or other out-office iti any (table lane with* in the limits of this a£t, and in which there (hall not be lefs than thre£ ftables Or other out-officcfe, in cafe of defe& or want of repairs therein, theowtier or occupier of every fuch liable, cocch-houfe, or other out-office (hall, within fix. days after notice given or left in writing far that purpofc at the houfc or lad place of abode of fuch owner or occupier, or fixed upon fuch fl able, coach-hcrofe, or out-office well and diffidently, and in fuch manner as (hall bediredled by the furvty-or belonging to the faid diredorsand confmiffioners, repair and amend all fuch defaults and want of reparation ; and in cafe of neglcA in fo doing, the faid dfre&ors and commiffion-ers may, if they (hall think lit, caufe the fame to be amended and repaired, and that the expence thereof maybe levied and recovered hi fuch manner, and at the fame time at the rates and aflcflnjents may be levied and recovered purfuant to thi* a#

LXXl. And be it further enabled by the authority afbrc-faid,That all fuch parts of the feveral roads or avenues to the city of Dublin, which lie between the extreme end of theparc* ments and the circular or environ road, and all other placet which have been ufually paved, mended, or lighted, fcnd aO bridges which have been ufed to be amended Or paved, cither by prefentment, or by any body or bodies politick or Corporate (hall continue to be paved, mended, and lighted by pre-fr.ntmerit of the grand jury, or by fuch other meant and me* thuds as they were ufed to be refpeAively repaired, mended, and lighted before the paffing of the faid a& of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Majefty, it being the intent and meaning hereof, that the corporation hereby inftitu-trd (hall not be fubje& to the cofts and clwuges of fuch re* pairs, pavements, or lighting.

LX <11. And be it further ena&ed by tire authority afore-faid, That if provilion (hall not be made by prefentment or othenvife, and if the fame (hall not be paid to the treafureruf this corporation, that then the directors and commiffionert (hall ceafe and difeontinue to pave or repair fuch flreets, road*, priftages, or places, the expences of which (hall have beta omitted to be fo raffed or paid as aforefaid.

LXXIII. And whereas it would tend greatly to the ac* cemmodation, health, and fafety of the publick, and conduce to the general good purpofes of the a&, if the roads leading from the pavement made at the expence of the inhabitants* of the city, to the circular road, were clean fed and put into complcat order and repair ; and if good foot-ways with fuffi-cient railing or parapet walls, to prevent cattle from going 3	thereon,

Digitized by v^.ooQle

7%e twentyfivcth Tear of George Ilf*

thereon, were made, and if the Came were conveniently light* ed; and in fes much as the inhabitants of the county of Dublin, by their immediate intercourfe with the metropolis, have the advantage of the improvements made therein, and of the benefit of the avenues leading to the city being rendered fafb and commodious, and as it is apprehended the faid work might be better, and more oeconomically done and executed by the aid and under the experience of the faid diredors and commiffioners as herein after mentioned: be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid drre&or9 and coramiffion-era may order any two or more experienced perfons to view the roads, or any of them, from the end of the pavement of the carriage-way or foot-way to the circular road, and to make edimates of the expence of cleaafmg, making, paving, or repairing the fame, and of making or repairing foot-paths, railing, or parapet walls, and placing turndiles thereon, faid foot-paths to be not lefs thaa four feet wide, and may in like manner order eftimates of providing and eretling on the fides of fuch foot-paths, polls, irons, lamps, or globes, and other furniture thereto belonging, and of maintaining and lighting the fame for one or more year or years from any period in the faid eftimate mentioned, which eftimate (hall date the tneafurement* by the perch or other meafure, of the work to be done, the materials requifite for the fame, the expence of railing, parapet-walls, turndiles, pods, irons, globes, or other furniture, and the didances fuch pods and globes are propofed to be placed at, and at the foot of faid eftimate, an affidavit (hall be drawn and made by the faid perfons, that the prices are on the lowed terms, and that the faid eilimate is in all refpc&s, to the bed of their knowledge and belief, jud and true, LXX1V. And be it enaSed, That the faid direflorsand commiffioners may certify faid edimates to the grand jury of the county of Dublin, or to the grand jury of the county pf the city of Dublin, aa the cafe maybe, at any Eafter or Michaelmas term, and their opinion that the fame are made upon the mod reafonable terms ; and that the grand jury of the county may prefent the whole or any part of fuch edimate 01 edimates to be levied on the barony, or on the county at large; and a draft (hall be made for fuch fum fo prefented by the infpe&or of accounts of the county of Dublin, and eoun-ter-figned by the foreman of thegrandjuryof fardreountyatany term, upon the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, in favour of the treafurer of the faid dire&orsand commiffioners, when a certificate figned by five of the directors and commiffi-oaers, dating that the work had been well and p roperly executed, (hall be laid before the grand jury, and the court of King’s-bench at any terra, or the grand jury of the county of the faid city may prefent the whole or any part of fuch edimate or edimates as they (hall think proper refpc&ively, either for^ *	U 2	cleftnfingf

A. D.

17&6.

Chap, 61.

Per fern to be

appointed lor making efti-raatesof paving, &c. the roads from the prefent pavement to the circular road.

Eftimates to be certified to grand jury, &C»

prefen tments to he made for fums c&imaud, &c.



- Digitized

I by Gc ^Jb?

3»«

The twenty-fixth Tear ef George III.

A. D.

1786. Chap. 61.

Said fums applied to no other purpofe.

Grand mriet tu contrail for repairing, Ac. laid foot and carriage-ways.

cleanfing, making, paving, or for repairing or amending the carriage-way, or making or repairing foot-ways, railing, or parapet walls, and placing turnftiles thereon, or for all or any of the fafd purpofes generally or refpc&ively, as to them (hall feemfit and convenient, faid money to be colleded in theufual manner; and the treafurer of the county of the city (hall pay the fame to the treafurer of the faid dire&ors and commtffi-oners.

LXXV. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all fums of money fo raifed and paid to the treafurer of faid diredors and commiflioners (hall be applied to the ufe and purpofe for which it was prefented, and none other, and (hall be ilated and accounted for by them, in the fame manner as they are by law required to account for the monies vefted in them; and if it (hallappear that any money (hall remain in thefr hands, after defiaying the cxpence for which it was prefented, fuch money (hall be paid back to the treafurer who lfTued the fame, and the (aid repayment be (ignified by the diredors and commiflioners to the refpedive grand jury, who (hall and may prefent and apply the fame to fuch other ufe and purpofe as they (hall think proper.

LXXVI. And whereas it will tend to leflen the expenee of keeping in repair faid carriage-ways and foot-ways, if the grand juries of the city of Dublin, or of the county of the city of Dublin, (hall be empowered to agrefc or contract with fome perfon or perfons for that purpofe: be it enadedby the authority aforefaid, That from and after the pefling of this ad, the faid grand juries refpedively (hall have full power and authority to enter into any contrad or agreement for any term not exceeding feven years, with any perfon or perfons, body or bodies corporate, for any fum of money to be expend-ed in repairing, or keeping in repair fuch parts of faid carri-agcMvays and foot-ways, as arc fituate between where the pavement ends, and the circular road, which contrad or agreement (hall be flgncd by the party or parties with whom the faid grand juries (hall make and agree for the fame, and (bad be lodged with the clerk of the crown.

LXXVI I. And whereas part of feveral parifbes, liberties, manors, or diflrids of the county of Dublin, are within the circular toad, and by this ad the occupiers and owners of the feveral houfes and buildings, and all dead walls and void fpa-ces on the Tides of any ftreets, lanes; or paflages within the (hid circular road, are liable to be rated and aflefled towards paving and lighting fuch ftreets, lanes, and paflages, inonkr thr*t Inch perlons may not alfo be taxed for the repairs of the fo. the parts of the faid ‘baronies that are without the t; .	. r.iar road 5 be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

T: *t 1 n ull not be lawful for any perfon or perfons who (hall

frost

Perfona under

road ;

fums prefeni-ed for bridges &c. applotted ms ufual.

The twentyfixth Tear of George III.

from time to timev be appointed applotters in afiy parifh, manor, or diftrift fo fituated, that the whole, or any part thereof, may be within the faid circular road, to applot any part of the fums prefented by the grand juries of the county for the making or repairing roads in the barony, upon any houfe or building", dead wall, or void fpace, rated and affeffed under	not.to

this adt by the dire&ors and commiffioners, notwithflanding ?oad*°wUhoJt° any ciaufe or claufes in any other aft of parliament, dire&ing the circular fuch preferments to be applotted fully and juflly, according to the bell of the (kill of the applotters upon' fuch parifh, manor, liberty, or difli idl; and every affidavit which fuch applotters are required to make, (hall exprefs that they had made the applotment fully and ju(llyr according to the bed of their (kill* without favour, affe&ion, or malice, excepting thereout fuch houfes, buildings, void fpaces, or dead walls, rated and affcffcd by the dire&ors and commiffioners towards paving and lighting within the faid circular road; but it fhall be lawful for fuch applotters, and they (hall according to their ufual manner, applot all fuch fums as may be prefentcd by the grand jury of the county for bridges, gaols, or other works, to be railed off the county at large.

LXXVIII. And be it further enadled by the authority aforcfaid, That the governors and guardians of the hofpital for the reception of lying-in-women, fhall for the pavement about the faid hofpital be charged with, and pay the annual fum of twenty pounds, and no more.

LXXIX. And whereas it is incumbent on the lord mayor, ffieriffs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin; and they are fubjeft and liable to have and keep in repair certain parts of the pavements of the faid city, the annual expence of which, exclufive of the pavement round Stephen’s green is eflimated tp amount to thfee hundred pounds and upwards: be it further enadled by the authority aforcfaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty fix, the faid lord mayor, fheriffs, commons and citizens, and their fucceflbrs, fhall pay to the treafitrer of this corporation,4>y two equal half yearly payments on every twenty-ninth day of September, and twcntv-fifth day of March in each and every year the annual fum of three hundred pounds, together with the further fum of fifty pounds in each and every year,for the pavement round faint Stephen’s-green, the firfl half year’s payment of fuch fums fhall be made on the firlt of the (aid dates enfuing the paffing of this a&; and that in cou-fidenr ion of fuch payments fo to be made, the faid lord mayor, fheriffs, commons, and citizens fhall be difcharged and exonerated from all colls and expences of paving and repairing the faid pavements and of the pavement around faint Stephen’s-green.

LXXX.

Lying-!* hofpital aol. per ann.

Lord-mayor, &c. to pay 350I. per ann.

Digitized by L.ooQle

3*^	Tie Uamtj Jixth Tear ef George	III.

«ol. per ann. for lighting the rlobct. See at the nunfion-houfc, tholfcl, and markets houie.

Places foJl fncr’y paved by bodies corporate. Sec. iliall be henceforth done by this cbrpoiation.

Such may be compounded for.

Perfons who rrgled to pay the rates afleU-ed, may be dif-trained* See.

JLXXX. And whereas the lord mayor, fheriffs, coramont and citizens of the city,of Lhiblin have ufed to maintain and light fevcral globes or lamps at the manfion-houfe, tholfiel, and market-houfe c be it ena&cd by the authority afbrefjid* That from and after the patting of this ad, the treafurer of laid city fhalj pay for the above purpofe to the treafurer of this corporation (by two equal half-yearly payments as afore-* laid) the annual film of twenty pounds, the firft half-yearly payment whereof lhail be made.pn the twenty-ninth day of September and twenty-fifth day of March which fhall firft happen after the patting of this ad; and that in confideratioft of fuch payments fo to be made, the fa id lord mayor, fheriffn commons, and citizens fhall be exonerated and difcharged of and from all cods and expences of lighting and maintaining fuch globes or lamps at laid places re(ptlively.

LXXAJ. And whereas certain parts of the pavements of the flrcets and other palfages within the limits of fhis ad have beer, ufed to be paved and repaired at the eoepenee of feme particular body or hodics politick or corporate: be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That where any part of fuch pavement (ball have been ufed to be made or repaired by any particular body or bodies politick or corporate, fuch body or bodies (ball pay to the treafurer of this corporation, all fuch fum and fums of money as fball be expended in fuch repairs; the fame on default of payment to be recovered by dif-trefs and fale of any of the goods and chattels belonging to fuch body or bodies, or by action or other fuit at law again ft the treafurer, rcgiller, fecretary, or clerk belonging thereto.

LXXXIJ. Provided always. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid dire&ors and ceiomiflioners, or any feven or more of them, from time to time to compound and agree for the fame by the year, or otherwise, with any fuch body or Jodies for fuch fnm of money as they fhall think reafonablr.

LXXX1II, And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if the refpe£tivc mmrfters, church or chapd wardens, diffentmg miniflers, or deacon, prieft, or any perfoii or perfons, body or bodies politick or Corporate who are here* by made liable to the rates afietted, or to be affetted by virtue of this a<£t, fhall nc^leA or refule to pay to the coHe&or or receiver of the faid directors and commifiioners the fum or Aims of money which hath been rated or attetted, or which fhall be rated or afTetted on him, her, or them, or on fuch body or bodies by virtue of this a61 for the f^ace of ten days after personal demand thereof, or demand in writing left at the place of abode of fuch perfon or perfbns fo negle&mg or refuting, or with the regift or, treafurer, or fcoretary of fuch body politick or corporate, that then and in every fach cafe, k fhall and may be lawful to and for faid colledtor or receiver to ta*

Digitized by i^ooQle •

Tts twntyrfxtb Tear of George III.

ter into and upon any part of the premifles which (hall be in arrear, and to diftrain thf goods apd chattel* which (hall be foyiid thereon or therein ; and if the fame (b*U not be replevied, or the money paid within eight days after fuch dtT-trefe made, together with the cofts attending the (ame, to b$ ascertained by the faid diredors apd romrailhoners, to fell the fame, or fo much thereof as (hall be fufficient to anfvyer the faid rate, apd all cofts and charges attending faid diftrefs and fale, returning the overplus, if any, to the owner or proprietor of fuch goods or chattels, or the faid diredors apd cQjn-miffioners may caufe one or more action or adians, bill or bills to be brought againft fuch perfon or perfons, or againft the treafurer, regifter, fecretary, or clerk belonging to fuch body or bodies in the name of their fecretary or clerk in any of his Majcfty’s courts of record in Dublin for recover)' thereof.

LXXXIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority Money anting afore faid, That all the money which (hall be raifed, and all hereby veiled in fines, forfeitures, and other monies, to be given, appropriated, diretf ors and or paid by virtue of this ad, (hall be, and the feme are here-by veiled in the faid diredors and commiffioners for the purports of this ad.

LX XXV. And be it further enaded by the authority , aforefaid. That if any colledor or colledors belonging to &Ci of^oSSors faid diredors and commiffioners, (hall happen to die, or be- who die or af-come bankrupt before he or they thall have fully paid and fignees of <hof« Satisfied all the money by him or them received by virtue of become this ad, that then the executors or adminillrators pofieffing	untjltSc*

the eftate, aftets, and effeds of fuch colledor or colledors, fum, s*q. fhall, out of fuch eftate, alfets, or effeds, pay to the treafurer of this corporation, all fuch fum or fiuns of money as (hall appear to have been due by fuch colledor or colledors at the time of hk os their death, or fa much thereof as the faid eftate, aftets, or effeds will afford to pay: or in cafe of his or	y	.

their becoming bankrupts, the alliance or aflignees of his or their eftate, after paying to the petitioning creditor or creditors, his, her, or their cofts of fuing out andprofecuting the commiffioners againft fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, (hall pa)r to the fold treafurer all fuch fums of money as were due by fuch colledor or colledors at the time of fuing out fuch com-miffion againft him or them, or fo much as the faid eftate and effeds will amount to, and the receipt of faid treafQrer (hall be a good difeharge for fo much, out of fuch eftate, aftets, or effeds, and fuch payment (hall be allowed in pteferenceof any debt or demand whatfoever againft fuch colledor or colledors; and in cafe of nonpayment of the feme by the fpace of twenty-one days after the feme (hall be demanded, it (hall and taaybt lawful to and for the laid corporation to. bring or caufe

to

%

Digitized by L^ooQle

All funw exceeding foocl. to re lodged in the bank.

No money to be paid without

Intereft of ftm* borrowed may be paid wohout a warrant.

Directors, fee, empowered to borrow io,ocoI.

Mortgage.

The twenty-fixth rear of George III.

to be brought one or more a&ion or anions in any of bis Ma-jefty’s courts of record in Dublin, againfl fuch executors»d-miniftrators, aflignee or aflignees, or other peifon or perfons as aforefaid, for the recovery thereof.

LXXXVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That when and as often as the treafurer to this corporation (hall, during the continuance of thi* act, receive any fum of money exceeding the fum of two thoufand pounds by virtue thereof, he (hall pay the fame into the bank of Ireland, .in the name and on the account of the directors and commit-fioncrs of this corporation.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That no money (hall be paid by the faid treafurer, except by warrant under the hands of four directors and com-mifiioners at the leaft.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, it (ball and may he lawful to and for the treafurer of this corj>oration, and he is hereby empowered and directed to pay half-yearly, on every twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fifth day of December, in every year, withouUany fuch warrant or other authority, the in-ttreft of the feveral fums which have been borrowed purfuant to any of the faid herein before recited acts of the thirteeuth and fourteenth, fifteenth and fifteenth, twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his prefent Majefty, and which may be borrowed by virtue of the powers herein contained for the purpofes of this a£l.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid dire&ors and commiflioncrs, or any nine or more of them, may, and they are hereby empowered from time to time, to borrow at intereft, not exceeding the rate of fix pounds^cr centum per annum, upon the credits of the funds, rates, and affeflments hereby vefted in them, fuch fum and fums of money* as they (hall find neceffary for the purpofes of this a&, not exceeding in the whole the fum of ten thou-fand pounds, and to demife or mortgage the faid funds, rates, and affeflments or any part thereof, (the cofts of fuch mortgage to be paid out of fuch rates and affeflments) as a fecu-rity to any perfon who (hall advance fuch fum or fums by writing under the common feal, in the words or to the cfftdi following: By virtue of an aft made in the twenty Jixth year of tlx reign of hit Majejly King George the thirds entitled. An ad for the improvement of the city of Dublin, and the environs thereof bj the better paving, lighting, and cleanfing the fame : we, the directors and commiffioners for paving, cleanfing, and lighting theJlreeis of Dublin, in confederation of the fum of	to

the treafurer of the faid direftors and comrniffioners in handpaid\ do hereby grant, bargain, felly and demife unto his executors, admin i/lrotors, and affigns,fuch proportions of iht

5	feveral

Digitized by

Google

The twentyftxtb Tear of George III.

frveral rates and ajjejfmen!s ejlabrifbed and vejted in the jaid directors and comm 'ifpQncrs by virtue of the faidad, as the faid fum of	doth or Jhall bear to the whole fum advan-

ced on the credit of the faid ad% to be bad and hoUicn from this day of	in	the year of our

Lord one thoufandfeven hundred and eighty	for

and during the continuance of the faid ad, unkfs the faid fum of with interef at the rate of per centum per annum, Jhall befooner repaid andfatisjied.

XC- And that copies of all fuch mortgages or fecurities Entered, {hall be entered in the hooks or records of the faid directors and commiffioners, and the perfon or perfons. fo lending or advancing any money upon the credit of thisaft, (hall not he anfwerabie or accountable for the application or non- application of the fame; audit (hall be neccflary on any fuitor con-troverfy whatfocv.T, to prove only the advancing and payment of the fame to the faid treafurer; and in all cafes whatfoever where any notice or procefs ifining out of any court of law or equity relative to this or faid former a&, (hall be nectflary to be ferved on faid directors and commiffioners, or t he corporation ere6fed by this a6t, ferrice of the fame on the treafurer appointed by (aid directors and commiffioners under this act (hall be deemed and adjudged good and fufficieut fervice to all intents and ptirpofes whatfoever.

XCI- And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Sn.-hmr.rt-faid? That all perfons to whom fuch mortgage or fecurity (hall m 'Y "c be made,or who (hall be entitled to the money thereby fecur- lr,in" eirt * ed, may from time to time transfer their right, title,filtered, or benefit to the faid mortgages or fecurities, and the faid principal and filtered thereby lecured to any perfon by writing or ligsing an endorfement on the back of fuch fecurities in the word3 or to the effect following.

I do hereby transfer this mortgage or fecurity, with all my right and title to the principal fum hereby fecur ed, and to all the tntcrcfl now due uj>on the fame unto	bis

executors, admini/lrators, or affigns. Dated this	day	'

of	one thoufand feven hundred and

XCII. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Afiignee en-fuch transfer and afiignment fhall entitle fuch afiignee, his ex- titled to the ecutors, aclminiftrators, and afiigns, to the benefit thereof, and henetu. payment thereon, and fuch afiignee may in like manner af-• fign or transfer the fame again, and fo toties quoties, and that it fhall not be in the power of fuch perfon who (hall have made fuch afiignment, to make void or difeharge the original fecu-tity or monies thereby due.

v	XCIII.

Digitized by

Google

jri4

A. p. 1786 Chap- 61 •

Credit to be given for iilte-reft paid by tUe Uirc&or», See.

fach credit not to exceed iatereft of aoool

Altering, Ac

the pavement, A<\ without coofent of di* rectors, penalty 51. &c.

Application to be made f »r kave to break tip the pavement for laying pipes, Ac.

71# t<wentj-falb Ttar §f George lit.

XCIII. And be it ena&ed by the authority afort£nd# That the faid dire&ors and commilfioners on their account-ing before the commiflioners of imp reft accounts, (hall «xh1 may be allowed credit for all fums, which they (hall make appear to have paid for intereft of money borrowed by them fi ice the fir ft day of O&ober, one thoufand feveq hundred and eighty-Four, exclufive of the fum of ten thoufand pounds whicn they have borrowed on the credit of the funds veiled in them by the faid a& of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth y ears of his prefent Majefly : provided that the credit fo to be allowed (hall not exceed the amount of the intcrrft of two thoufand pounds for faid period.

ACI v. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That no perfon or perfons (hall make or caufe to be made any alteration in the form or level of any part of the flagging or pavement of.any of laid fquares, ftreets, lanes, courts, alleys, quays, bridges, or other padages which now are, or which at any time hereafter (hall be within the limits of the circular road, as far as the publick lights do or (hall extend (except in the barony of Donore) or dull break up, or caufe to be brpken, or taken up, any part of the fame (except in cafes oT accidental fire, or the burfting of any main) or lhall dig up auy part of the earth in fuch ftreet or pafthge for any purpofe whatfoever, without the confent of the faid directors and commifiioners, upon pain of forfeiting for every fuch offence any fuai not exceeding five pounds, over and above all expence* incurred, or to be incurred in reuiftating the fame.

XCV. And whereas the frequent breaking up of the fquares, ftreets, courts, lanes, alleys, quays, bridges, pafTages, or places for the purpofe of new laying or repairing the pipes is * great nuifancc to the publick, and very detrimental to the paveMeot, and the frequency thereof ought t as far as may be)^ to be prevented : be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That from and after the paifing of this a6t, whenever the lord mayor, (heriffs, commnps, and citizens of Dublin, or their committee, commonly called the pipe water committee, Atall find it necefiary to take up or repair any of the main or fervicc pipes, or to lay new mains or fervices iq auy fquarc, ftreet, lane, court, alley, qpay, bridge, paflage, or place at fuch time paved, or under orders of being new paved, they (hall before (and in cafe of accidental fire,or the burfting of any main, as foon as poffible after) they (hall break up the fame, apply to the faid diretiors and commiflionera for permiffion to break up the piYement of fuch place or places, and upon leave being given, lhall finifh the faid work with all poffible expedition, and (hall caufe the earth where fuch breach or breaches (hall be made, to be firmly trodden or rammed dowiv in fuch manner a* (hall be approved of by the fqpejrvifor qt

other

Digitized by LnOOQle

TU Upnrfj-/u*b Tear of George Itt.

•ther officer of this corporation? although the fame ffiould be A. D, ordered by tbc laid dire&ors and cora'miflionm, or fhould 17U6. adually be begun to be new paved or .repaired, and (ball alfo -Chap. 6r. before a lioenfe (hall be granted, or immediately after fiich V— work ihaU be finifhed, payor caufe tt> be paid to the (aid di- hdh. per yard re&ors and commrffioners, to defray the expence of repairing broke 5cc‘ the lame, fix pence, halfpenny for every yard faid breach (ball be in length ; provided the fame fhaH not exceed three feet in width, and it the fame (hail be more than three feet wide, that then payment (haU be made in due proportion to the faid charge, and in cafe of non-payment the fame to be recovered as the cates and affcffinents by this aft are recoverable.

XCVI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- pipe-water faid. That if the faid pipe-water committer, or their engineer, committee. See, or perfon a&ing as fuch, fliall omit to give, or caufe to be aAing contrary given, fuch notice in manner aforefeid, or (hall be gu8ty of ^cto forfclt any unneCdTary delay in iinifhmg the work, or (hall not caufe * the earth thrown back to fiE up every fuch breach to be well trodden or rammed down, the engineer or other officer (hall for every fuch offenee, forfeit and pay any futii not exceeding ten pounds, to be recovered id the like manner as the other penalties infli&ed by this a£t are recoverable.

XCVI I. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Notice of m-Tb»t whenever the laid dire dots and commifiioners (hall in- !*ntion of pav-iend to new pave any itreet, fquare, lane, court, alley, quay, bridge, paflage or place, or the carriage-ways thereof, (hall 0ffiee\6tc. give fourteen days (or in cafe a new mam or fervice pipe is to be laid therein one month’s) previous notice in writing, to be left at the pipe-water or other office belonging to the corporation of the city of Dublin, or to their engineer, overfeer, or other perfon orperfons acting as fuch, or other principal officer of the faid lord mayor* (heriffs,. commons, and citizens of Dublin, or to the city treafurer, if there (hall be no pipe-water committee, who (hall within the time herein before mentioned, and in preference to any other work, lay any branch or fervice pipe or pipes which they may think proper, or repair any branch or fervice pipe or pipes which may be therein, or which they may apprehend to be going to decay, and if they or any of them (hall negk& fo ta do, or (hall wilfully or knowingly lay pipes of unfound or inefficient timber, or (hall at any tune within three years after fuch ftreet or paf-	>

fage (hall be newly paved, break up the fame fot the purpofe of laying a new main or fervice pipe, unlefs it (hall appear that fuch repairs became neceffary through accident, they (haE ^forfeit and pay ten (hillings for every yard in length, fuch breach (hall be, t£be recovered in cade of non-payment, by p&ion, bill, plaint, or information to be brought in the name pf the fecretary pr clerk to this corporation againft the treasurer

Digitized by

Proptrty of tfcp pavements, i*c. is vetted in the directors, &-c.

Not enc’oflr#

wulh pt<»n'id,

,nV

U\ry Ac W t”' «'*f	,f

W »tli a Tail.

hav'ng a I«;|<t o at t>>(vhf, j>. n.“iy *»' iicrcm.

The twenty-fixth Tear 9/ George III.

fiirer of the faid city, in any of his Majefty’a courts of record in Dublin.

XCVIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afoiefaid, That the property of the pavements, flogs, timber, (tones, pofts, fpud-ftones, landing-ftones, irons, lamps, and furnituve thereof, (private lamps and the irons thereunto belonging excepted) and all other materials and things whatsoever, which now are in ufe in any of the faid fquarct, ftreets, lanes, courts, alleys, quays, bridges, or other pub-fick paflages, or which at any time hereafter (hall he procured, or be in ufe for the purpofes of thrs ad, or be par-chafed for the purpofcs of this ad, (hall be, and the fame are hereby veittd in the faid diredors and commiflionera, or their fuccefibrs, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring, or cau(e to be brought any adioo or actions, or to prefer, or to order and direct the preferring of indidments againll any perfon or perfons who fball embezzle, ileal, take, or carry away any, or any part of foch materials or things ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully or malicioufly break up, deftroy, or damage any of faid materials or ^things, or any of the works made in pnr-fuance of this or any of the former ads, or aay part or parts thereof, every perfon fo offending, (hall forfeit and pay any fum not lefs than ten (hillings, and not exceeding live pounds: and if the faid fine or fines (hall not be paid upon cpnvic; ion, or fecured to be paid to the fatisfadioo of the daid diredors and commiffioners, then in every fuch cafe, the faid diredors and commiflioners (hall and may proceed by warrant and committal as herein after mentioned.

XC1X. And whereas in feveral of tbe flrtets* fquares, lanes, courts, alleys, quays, and other paflages within the limits of this ad, wade or vacant ground is often left without a wall or fence, and large holes are frequently made for the purpofe of laying foundations, or of baflding few-ers, or making vaults to boufes. or other buildings, or for other' purpofes, and the areas to houfes or tenements built or building, are often left open without any lail or fence placed, or without any lamps or lights fixed up at night to prevent pafiengers fiom beirg annoyed or falling down the iaH:e, by which it frequently has happened that perfons have loll their lives, or have been feverely injured: be it further cnaclcd by the authority -aforefiud, That if any fuch wade or vacant piece of grouud (hall not be endofod with a wall or futticient fence, or if any perfon or perfons fhafl dig or caufe to be dug any earth, or leave any hole, aiea, or void fpace in any uf fuch paflages without the leave of faid di* redors and commifimiiers as herein before mentioned, ai*l

without

Digitized by

Google

The tnjventjj-fixtb Tear of George III.

3iy

without being inclofed with a wall or fufficient rail or fence, to be approved of by faid direftor3 and comrtiiflioners, and without having one or more lights placed there at night, or

a. a

1786. Chap: 6 t .

(hall keep any fuch rail or fence longet than the time allow-	^

ed, or (hall not repair or replace fuch wall, fail, or fence, if thrown down, ftolcn away, or out of repair/ that irt every fuch cafe, the landlord, owner, proprietor, or . tenant of fuch waile or vacant piece of ground, or the perfon or perfons employed by them, or perfon or perfons gifilty of any of the offences aforefaid, (hall forfeit and pay any futft not exceeding five pounds, and alfo (hall pay the fum of one pound for every day fuch nuifance (hall be Continued, after notice (hall be given to filch landlord, owner, proprietor, tenant, or other peribn, or affixed to any part of the premises ; and if fuch wafle ground, hole, area, or void fpace lhall not be inclofed, or if fuch fence (hall not be repaired or replaced within twelve hours alter fuch notice, it (hall and may be lawful for faid directors and commifiioners to order and caufe the fame to be done, and the landlord, owner, proprietor, tenant, or fuch other perfon ‘guilty as aforefaid, (hall pay over and above the fine or penalty herein before mentioned, the expence thereof, or in default of payment, the fame (hall and may be recovered by diftrefs and (ale as herein after mentioned ; aud if fuch offender has not any goods or chattels which can be diftrained, that in fuch cafe faid forfeitures and Turns (hall remain a charge for the fpace of two years on the ground fo left open, or on the ground, houfe, or tenement to which any fuch hole, area, or voiid fpace (hall belong, and (hall be liable to be diftrained For the fame into wholoever's hands they may ref-peftively come.

C. And whereas encroachments have frequently been Perfons put-made on the publick ftreets and paffages by builders and ling down, Sec other perfons extending their buildings bevond their boun- u”y boundary

#	*	o	$	o	without oivin ^

danes: for remedy whereof, • be it enafted by the autho- noti c forfeit* rity aforefaid, That if any peribn or perfons from and after zol. Sec. the pafling of this aft, (hall pull down, deface, or ereft any wall, rail, pailing or other fence which forms a boundary to any publick ftreet or paffage within the limits of this aft, without giving feven days previous notice in writing to the fecretary of this corporation, of his intention fo to do {m order that faid directors and commifiioners may take care to prevent any encroachment on faid publick ways, or any of them,) every perfon or perfons fo offending, (hall forfeit a fum not exceeding twenty pounds, together with all ex-pences which (aid direftors and commifiioners (hall he put to in removing the encroachment, if any (hall be mad *.

CL And

Digitized by

£rc&ing the wall of a new houfe further into the ftrcet than where the old one Hood, he.

the penalty.

Houfe* built in a receft may be brought on a line with the reft of the ftrccu

Appeals as herein.

Obft raft ions, •uifauces. Sec.

The twentyfrth Tear of George I1T*

Cl. And it is enabled by the authority aforefaid, That, if any perfon or perfons (hall pull down, or begin to poU down the wall or walls of any houfe or building which ad~ joint any of laid publick ftrects, or paflages, or (hall erect the wall of any houfe or other budding, fituatc at afore-faid, further into any of faid ftreets or paflages than where the wall of the old houfe or building flood, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid diredors and commiflioners to order die fame to be pulled down, and the perfon or peHona fo offending, (hall forfeit any (um not exceeding twenty pounds, together with all cods and charges which faid directors and commiflioners (hall be put to in removing or pulling down the fame.

CII. Provided always, That where any houfe or building is fituate in a recefs further back than the general line o£ the houfes or buildings in the fame ftreet or paflage, that in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for faid di-redprs and commiflioners, or any five of them, by writing under their hands (if it (hall feera expedient to them) to permit the fiout of fuch houfe or building to be brought out, or built nearer to fuch ftrcet or paflage, fo as the (amc^ (hall not projed beyond the general line of the houfes adr joining and being in faid ftreet or paflage.

Clfl. Provided alfo. That in cafe any perfon or perions (hall think himfelf, hcrfelf, or thctufclves aggrieved by the determination of faid diredors and commiflioners, it (halj and may be lawful to and for fuch perfon or perfons to appeal therefrom, to the juftices at the next quarter feffiou* to be held for the city or county of Dublin, after fuch determination, which juftices are hereby required finally to hear and determine fuch appeal; and if they (hall be of opinion that faid determination was right, to award coils agaieft the appellant.

CIV. And to the end that the foot-ways and carriageways in the feveral places within the limits of this ad, may be kept free from encroachments, obftrudions, nuifances, and annoyances; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons (hall make or caufe to be made any encroachment iu any part or parts thereof, or any door or entrance opening upon or leading from the foot-way or carriage-way, into any vault, cellar, or other place, other than doors or entrances leading out of areas, and placed or projeding beyond the front or upright wall of the houfe or other building to which it belongs, or place or put up any (hew-glafs or glafles, (hew-board or boards, pent-houfe or pent-houfes, jet-out window or windows, or any poft, rail, (ign, llep or fteps, bulk, bulk-head or (tall, projeding fpout or gutter, or (hall fet or place, or caufe or

fuffer

Digitized by

Google

T9r Hventy-fxtb Ytat of George III.

519

fnffer to be fet or placed in any of the foot-ways or carriage- A. D. ways within the faid places or palfages, any (topper to his, ,	1786.

her, or their coal-vault, or other vault which (hall not be Chap. 6r. of metal, or which (hall rife above the level of faid ways, or either of them, or any bench, (land, table, balket, bar-raw, roots, fruit, blocks, timber, planks, wood, (ticks, flones, bricks, wheels, calks, package, horfe, car, or any other obilruftions, nuifances or annoyances, whatfoevei.

CV. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or

pcifona (hall make, orcaufc to be made in any paffage or way Making the r . . .	.	.. . Jr , .	~	encroachments

with*o the limits of this act, any door or entrance into his, &.c jie..€in mcn-her, or their vault, cellar, or other place, except into areas rioncJ, pcnaiif as before excepted, contrary to the true intent and meaning as herein, hereof, or any other encroachment thereon, or (hall place, or caufe to be placed any (hew-glafs or (hew-glades, (hew-board or (hew-board9, pent-houfe or pent-houfes, jet-out window or windows, or any poft, rail, fign, (tep or fteps, bulk, bulk-h^ad, or ftall, or any fpout or gutter which (hall project beyond, or (liall not be fixed to the fide, front, or upright wall of each houfe or building, he, (he, or they (hall forfeit for every fucli ofietice, any fum not exceeding	>

five pounds ; over and abfive all expences incurred or to be ineurrrd in reinftating the fame, and the furtlier fum of ten (hillings for every day fuch encroachment (hall be fuffered to remain after notice given; and if after the palling of this aft, any perfon or perfons (hall fet or place, or caufe or differ to be fet or continued in any of the foot-ways or carriage-ways within the limits of this aft, any bench, (land, table, bafket, fieve, barrow, roots, fruit, blocks, timber, planks, wood, dicks, dones, bricks, wheels, calks, package, horfe, car, or any other obdruftion, nuifance or annoyance whatfoever, or (hall after the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ciglity-feven, fet, place or continue, or caufe to be fet, placed, or continued thereon any dopper to his, her, or their coal vault, or other vault, which (hall not be of metal, or which (hall rife above the level of either of faid ways, the occupier, tenant, or perfon in pofleffion of the houfe or tenement fronting or adjoining to the foot-way or carriage-way on which fuch obdrqftion, nuifance, or annoyance (hall be fet, placed, or continued, (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence a fum not exceeding two pounds, nor lels than two fhilHngs, to be levied as herein after is directed.

CVI. And be it further enafted by the authority, afore- obftru^ion* faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the infpec- Sec maybe tors of nuifances, or any of the fupervifors to feize any	«

bench, ftand, table, bafket, fieve, barrow, roots, fruit, hcrci°*

blocks.

-- v

Digitized by



$2%	The twenty fixth Tear of George III.

A. D.	blocks, timber, planks,	wood, flicks,	flones, bricks, wheel?,

17S6.	calks, package, norfe,	or any other	cattle, or car which

Chap. 61.	(hall be found (landing	or placed in	any of the ptiblkri

ways, or without having one or more horfes or other bead harnefled or joined thereto, or other obftru&ion, nuifance, or annoyance on any of the foot ways or carriage-ways within the limits of this a£t, and to remove or caufe the fame to be removed to the (lore-yard belonging to this corporation, or other fafe place, there to be'kept for the fpace of two days; ami if the owner or owners (hall not in faid time redeem the fame by payment of the penalty by the (aid directors and commiflioners impofed againtl fuch owner or owners as aforefaid, with ail expences attending the friz tire and removal thereof, that then, it (hall and may be lawful to and fnr faid directors and commiflioners to caufe the fame to be appraifed and fold, if the lame be not eatables q.r pro-vihons : arid if the fame confill of eatables or provifions, then it (hall and may be lawful for them to fend the fame to the foundling hofpital, houfe of induftry, or to fuch other charity or pi ilon as they (hall direct, haying any CVIL. And be it further enabled by the authority afc*e-theftre*”	^	^at	*f any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or

nalty herein. tirnctr hereafter fet, or place, or caufe to be laid, fet, or placed, in any of faid foot-ways or carriage ways, any (tones, bricks, lime, lime rubbifh, fand,, mortar, or any other material or thing whatfoever for the purpofe of making mortar, or of building any houfe or edifice, or/or any other purpofe whatfoever, or (hall beat any carpet or mat->	ting after the hours preferved lor cleanflfig ai d feraping

the foot-ways, or (hall fift, frrecn, or (lack any lime or lin e lubbilh (unlcfsthe fame (hall be within a puiling orothei tn-clofure) to be fpecified in a licenfe to be granted at the option of the (aid directors and commiflionersj or if any perfon (liall throw down into any llreet or publiek paflage from any houfe, or the roof of any houfe or other building, any Hones, bricks, dates, tiles, or itihb Ih, unlefs, at each epd of faid houfe, and acrofs the foot-way before it, there (hall be hung within five feet of ground, or placed fome fence or mark to warn paflengers not to pafs near fuch houfe or building, of the fufficiency of whiv li mark and warning (aid directors and commiflioners (hall be the judge, every perfon fo offending, fhall foifcit and pay any fum not lefs than five, noi exceeding twenty (hillings (or each and every faid of-:;	fence : laid forfeitures to be paid by the ov^ner, proprietor,

x or occupier of the houfe or ground from or adjoining to *hich fuch obllruction or nuifance (hall be thrown, laid, cr placed, or remain a charge on the houfe or tenement fo build-'	mg, or by the owner or Occupier of the houfe or building

from

Matter* deemed obftruc* tions.

The twenty-fixth Tear of George til. *

Mm whence the ftones, -bricks, Hates, tiles, or rubbifli (hall W thrown, to be levied by diltrefs or otherwife as in this aft is mentioned.

CVIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfon9 (hall carry, run, drive, roll, draw, fet out, or lay, or caufe or procure, permit, or fuffer to be earned, run, driven, rolled, drawn, fet out, or laid, any bier, coach, cart, car, dray, waggoA, wheel-barrow, or other carriage, except fedan chairs having their fares, or any wheel or wheels, calk or calico, or (hall ride, drive, or lead any horfe, mare, gelding, afs, mule, ccw, or other cattle whatfoever, along any part of the^ footways of faid fquares, ftreets, or other publick paflages, or if any cart, car, waggon or other carriage (hall be luf-fered to remain in any of faid ftreets or publick paflages longer than is neceffary for the loading or unloading thereof refpeftively, or being without any beaft or beafts harneffed or joined thereto, or athwart or acrofs any of faid ftreets or publick paflages, the fame (hall be deemed an obftruftion* annoyance, and nuifance under this aft, and may be feized and detained by any infpeftor or fupervifor, and the owner or owners fined any fum not lefs than five (hillings nor more than twenty (hillings to be recovered as herein after mentioned.

CIX. And whereas horfe-riders, fervants, or other per- Breaking fonS frequently exercife, and alio train for draught in the h°H« m the publick ways and ftreets, horfes, mares or geldings, to the ^ ^rfcirT * great annoyance of the publick : be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall break, train for draft, or exercife any horfe or horfes, mare or mare3, gelding or geldings in any of the ftreets) or publick paflages within the limits of this aft, he or they (hall for every fuch offence forfeit any fum not lefs than five, nor exceeding twenty (hillings, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the owner or driver of fuch cattle as aforefaid, or it fliall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons authorized by the faid direftors and commiflioners to feize fuich horfe or horfes, mare or mares, gelding or geldings, and carriages, and to lodge them in the (lore yard belonging to the corporation, or at any inn in the city of Dublin, or Other fafe place, there to remain until faid fine and all coils attending the making fuch feizure (hall be paid ; and it at the end of two days the faid fine and coft be not paid* then to be fold in like manner as other dillreffes are direfted to be fold by this aft.

CX. And be it further enafted, That from and after Laying coal-the palling of this aft, if any perfon or perfons (ball lay or afoes in attempt to lay any Coal-alhcs, dung, building or other rub- *'rccrs

Vol; VIII.

bi(h,

nairy «t» i*citii«.

Digitized by

Google

322	The	twenty fixth Tear of George Itf.

bijh, flrcet dirt, night-foil, filth or offal whatfoever, in any of the tlreets, lanes, quays, fquares, courts, alleys, or in any other places whatfoever within the limits of the circular or environ road ?.s hen-in before mentioned.; or if any per-fon or perfons fiiall empty any bog-boufe, or begin to take away any night-foil from any houfe in any of the flreets or puffages within the limits of this a£t, before the hoar of eleven o’clock at nighr, or lhall continue fo to do after the hour of fix iu the morning: or (hall load or carry away any fuch coal-afkcs, dung, building or other rubbifh* ftreet dirt, night-1 oil, or any offal whatfoever, except in a cart or car floored; and eticlofed by a boarded frame-work, or (hall permit or fuffer any part of their loading to fall out of their cart or car, or to run about or dirty any of the llreets or other paffnges, the fame (hall be deemed obllru&ions, nui-fances and annoyances under this ad, and may be feized and detained by any infpedlor or fupervifor ; and every perfon or perfons fo offending, and being convicted upon oath before the lord mnvof.or other magiflrate, or before the faM directors and commiffioners fhall forfeitard pay for each and every offence any fum not exceeding twenty fhillings, to be recovered as herein after is mentioned.

If there be no ' CXI. Provided always, That if it fhall be proved be-f* , i«r Hold- fore the faid direftors and cojnrtnflioncrs, that tlKre was not 1!	-	an7 yard, dirt-hdle or other receptacle for faid coal-alhes or

f	u	l.ornT.nVd,	Other rubhifh belonging to the lioufe or tenement before

«,	c	Half lhall	which the fame or any of them (ball be laid, that in fuch

t	paid by the	c'jfe it fhall and may he lawful for the faid perfon or perfous

fmd.ori.	who dial! he fined as aforefaid, to deduct from tire rent pay-

able by him to hir, landlord, the* cnc-half of fuch fine as he, fiie, or they fhaif have been obliged to pay.

Timber car- C a II. And be it further enabled hv the authority afore-fUdcxccpraa	Tliat no perfon fhall after the hour of ten o’clock in

*-"»■ ^cna * the forenoon of any day'bctween the* twenty fifth of Marc 1*9 r.nd twenty-ninth of September, or a fin eleven o’clock at my other time, -diive, or ca-.ifc to he driven through any ilreet or other patfage in faid city or liberties, any carriage on which fhall be laid any beams or pieces of timber or planks, or pieces of planks above the length of teu feet, except fuch carriage* fhall have four wheels ; or two common cars fo placed together, that the beams, pieces of timber or planks fhall be laid lengthways thereon, under the ,	#	penally of forfeiting for every fuch offence any furti not ex-

ceeding ten fhillings, to be levied upon view of «thc offence l v any of 4 he inlpectors ; and it fhall and may alfo be lawful ‘o and for the fupervifors to feize fuch beam 01 pieces of timber, plank or planks, and detain the farm* or fuch part thereof as fhall be fufiicieut to pay the faid hue upon the 4	offence

A. D.

17S6. Chap. 61.

3=3

A.

D.

786.

Chap. 61.

Foot-ways to be cleaned.

The twenty-fixth Tear of George III.

offence being proved before the faid diredlors and commif-iioners.

CXIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the owner or occupier of every houfe or tenement, ware-boufe or other building, the perfons made liable to the payments of the rates and afiefftneiUs upon all publick building and places of publick woiAiip, dead walls, and void fpaces as lierein before mentioned, and the churchwardens of every parifh within the limits of this a&, Avail once in every day from the firft day of May to the firft day of O&oberin every year, before; the hours of eight o’clock in the morning, and from the Aril day of October to the firll day of May, in every year, before the hours of te*n o’clock in the morning, ferape, fweep, and cleanle, or caufe to be feraped, fwept, and cleanfed, the foot-way all along the front of his or their refpe&ive houfe or tenement, warehoufe, or other building, or along the front or fide of the fcveral churches, and other places of publick worAiip, church yards, and publick biuldings, dead walls, and void {paces, which are fituate or lying in any Areet or publick pafTage as aforefaid, or in default thereof, fuch per-fon or perfons fhall forfeit and pay for every offence two {hillings and fix pence ; and if any fuch owner or occupies perfon or perfons made liable to the rates and aflefTments upon all 'publick buildings, and places of publick worAiip herein before mentioned, or the owner or occupier of any dead wall or void fpace, or if any church-warden or churchwardens, negledling as aforefaid, (hall not, upon demand made at their houfe or place of abode, pay to any infpec* tor, together with any one of the fupervifors, the penalties for neglecling to ferape, fweep, and clear.fe, as herein before enacted, it Aiall be lawful for fuch infpeclor, and any one of the fupervifors, to levy the fame by diilrtfs and bale of the goods and chattels of the owner, tenant or occupier of the houfe, tenement, warthoufe-houfe, or other building, or of the perfon or perfons made liable to the payment of the rates and aAcfi'ments upon all publick buildings, and places of publick worAiip herein before mentioned, dead walls, or void fpacc3, or of the church-warden or chmch-wardens who Audi neglect and refufe as aforefaid.

CXIV. And he it enacted by the authoiity aforefaid,

That from and after the palling of this aCt, the w'atcr from torsr,f h ,ufe* the tops of all hoofes or other buildings in any ftrect or	10	the

pafTage within the limits of the circular road, (hall be con- P,v‘Ul,ti ^ vcyed to the ground by pipes or trunks to be fixed on the b1! 53* *c* fronts, Tides, or ends of fuch hor.fes or buildings ; and if the water of any fuch houfe or building Aiall not be conveyed to the ground as aforefaid, that in fuch cafe, the X 2	'	owner.

Writer from

Digitized by ^.ooQie

3H

A. D.

1786. Chap. h1

Pl.CS &c* foiled' if not t» der the care of a driver, may be killed, &c.

Wheel* of dntvs, /c-c. to be of breadth a* herein.

f

The twentyfixth Tear of George III.

owner, tenant, or occupier of fuch houfe or bunding” fhall forfeit ftny fum not exceeding twenty (hillings for each and every week the fame (hall not be lo conveyed.

CXV. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That it fhall and may be lawful for every perfon who fhall fee any pig, fow, boar, or hog, roaming at' large in any dreet or other place within the limits of this a&, without being under the care of a driver then actually driving the fame, to feize, kill, or carry away the fame to and for hi* or her own life.

CXV I. And whereas the ufe of narrow wheeled carts, cars, and drays are very injurious to the pavements of this city, and to the highways in and about the neighbourhood thereof: be it further enabled by the authority afurefeid. That no liccnfe which has been granted by the.governors of the foundling hofpital and work-houfe to any brewer’s dray, or to any cart drawn by one horfe, to ply within the city, fuburbs, and liberties of Dublin, or within three miles of the fame, (hall be of any authority to permit any dray or cart drawn by one horfe to ply within the faid city and liberties, or within three miles of the fame, unlefs the wheels thereof fhall be of the breadth of four inches at the lead on the foie, and the dreaks fet on with flat-headed bolts, or flat headed nails counterfunk in fuch a manner as not to rife above the dreak, nor unlefs the wheels of drays or carts drawn by more than one horfe, be of the breadth of feven inches at the lead on the foie, and the dreaks fet on as aforefaid } and if to be drawn by more than two horfes, unlefs the wheels be nine inches broad on the foie, and the dreaks let on in like manner; and that no licenfe granted to any car to ply within the faid city, fuburbs, and liberties, or within three miles thereof, fhall be of any authority to permit any car to ply within faid city, fuburbs, and liberties, or within three miles thereof, unlefs the wheels thereof be of the breadth of three inches at the lead on the foie, and the dreaks fet on as aforementioned ; and that every brewer’s dray, and every cart or car plying or employed within laid city, fuburbs, or liberties, or within three miles thereof, and every private cart, car* or other carriage fet up or ufed by any perfon or perfons redding within the faid city, fuburbs, or liberties, or within three miles thereof, and employed in the carriage or delivery of goods or commodities, which fuch perfon or perfons fhall have on commiflion or fhall have fold, without having fuch wheels refpe&ively, (ball be confidered to all intents and purpofes as plying without licenfe, and be fubjedl to, and fubjeft the owners thereof to all the forfeitures or penalties by law enabled againd perfons plying drays, carts, or cars within faid ,city, fuburbs,

Digitized by Google

The t wenty fixth Tear of George III.	325

burbs, and liberties, or within three miles thereof, without A» D. licenfe from the faid governors; and the owner or owners of 1786. fnch carts, cars, drays, or other carriages, ihall for every Chap. 61. fuch offence forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding twenty V—

(hillings for the ufe of this corporation.

CXVII And be it further enaded by the authority Licence to aforefaid, That in every licenfe for a brewer’s dray, cart, or	u.

car, which (hall qr may be granted after the pafling of this Wheels. ° * ad, there (hall be inferted a claufe, fpecifying the breadth and fhoeing of the wheels of the dray, cart, or car, fo li-cenfed as above described refpedively ; and that any licenfe which {hall be granted after faid time without fuch claufe,

(hall be and is hereby declared null and void, and of no effect

tXVIII. And whereas by an ad palled in the twenty* 29 G ninth year of his late Majefty king George the feeond, for making more effedual the ads pafled for repairing the ftreets and highways in and about the city of Dublin, it was enaded, “ that no cart or waggon having the felloes of the wheels of a lefs breadth than feven inches, when worn, fhould go or be drawn with more than one hovfe in or through the ftreets or lanes in faid city of Dublin, or fu-burbs % thereof, or liberties thereunto adjoining, or in or through any of the highways or roads in the county of faid city or county of Dublin, within fe*en miles of the faid city, under the penalty therein mentionedand whereas the faid llrects and highways continue to be much impaired and broken up, by the narrownefs 6f the wheels, and fpike-headed nails of faid wheels of the carts and cars belonging as well to private perfons as others : for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That _ from and after the fir (I day of Auguft, one thoufand levtn hundred and eighty-feven, no cart, car, dray, or waggon belonging to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, refiding within the city -of Dublin, or the fuburbs or liberties thereof, or within feven miles of the faid city, to be computed from the calile of Dublin, (at the rate of two thoii-fand two hundred and forty yards to the mile) fhall be fuf-fered to be ufed, drawn or employed in any llreet, road, or paffage within the limits aforefaid, without having the wheels of fuch cart, car, dray, or waggon of a breadth not lefs than the refpe&ive breadths following, that is to fay, all fuch carts, drays, or waggons which {hall be fo ufvd or employed and diawn by one or more than one horfc, or other bealt or beads of draft, {hall have the wheels thereof of the breadth of three inches and an half at the lead on the foie when worn, and all fcavenger’s carts ul'ed or employed within the limits aforefaid, {hall have the wheels

thereof

Digitized by

i

sz6	The twenty-fath Tear of George III.

A. D.	thereof of the breadth of feven inches at the leaf! when

1786.	worn: and all fuch cars which (ball be ufed or employed

Chap. 61. within faid limits, (hall liave the wheels thereof of the IJLbreadth of three inches at the leaf! on jthe foie when worn, the flreaks on the wheels of the feveral carts, cars, drays, and waggons (hall be fet on with flat-headed bolts, or fat-headeci nails, counterfunk in fuch a manner as not to rife above the ftreak.

Owner* of CX1X. And be it further enabled by the authority

carts, &c. ufc aforefajj That if any cart, car, drav, or waggon, from contrary hereto, - ,r r-irnjVrA n ' , r Py . forfeit 40s. &c. and after *aid tint day ot Augmt, one tnouland leven hundred and eighty-feven, (hall be ufed, drawn, or employed ;	in any of the flreets or paffages in the faid city, fuburbs or

bbcities, or within feyen miles thereof, to be computed as aforefaid without having the wheels of the refpe&ive breadths herein before mentioned, or without having the ftreaks fet on as aforefaid, that in every fuch cafe the owner or driver of fuch cart, car, dray, or waggon (if fuch cart, car, dray or waggon be not licenfed to ply by the governors of the foundling hofpital and wrork-houfe) fhall foifeit and pay the fum of forty fhilling9, to be levied by feizure of any infpe&or or fupervifor of this corporation, in manner as in this a£ mentioned, or fhall forfeit and lofe any one of fucii horfes or beafts pf draft, with all geer$, bridles, lu iters and accoutrements, to the foie ufe of any perfon or perfonswho Audi feize the fame, but fubjeft to the regulations laid down and preferibed in and by faid a£l of the twenty-ninth year of his late Majefty.,	.	-	•

JtimVring CXX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-the feizmg of	faid. That all and cverv peidon or perfons wdio fliall hinder

a^lierch”51 *	or attcmPt to °hilrudf the feizing, diftraining or carrying

off any fuch feizure or difirefs, or fhall refeue the fame, upon conviction before any jVutice of the peace for the county, city, or county of the city of Dublin, as the cafe may be, or before the laid directors and commiflioners, fliall be fubjc$ to all the penalties and forfeitures mentioned in faid adt, and fliall be committed by fuch jullice, or by faid directors and commiflioners to the common gaol for faid county or city, for one month, there to remain without bail or mainprise

Nothing	CXXI.	Provided always, and be it enacted by thz

herein tout- authority aforefaid, That nothing herein contained fliall extend to cars, &.c. tend to prohibit or retrain the driving, uflng, or employing come to, or	/	r,-	xi	b r V r

coming from a any cart, car or waggon, or fubjeCt any perfon or perfon*

greater Ciflaucc whatioever to the forfeiture or feizure of any horfe or bead than 7 miles. «f draft, or the furniture thereto belonging, or to any of the penalties aforefaid, where fuch cart or waggon fhall be going, or travelling to or from the faid city of Dublin, or

.	..	.	to

The twentyfixth Tear of George ill.

327

to or from any diflant place above feven miles from faid erty, to be computed as aforefaid.

CXXTI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any peufon or perfons whatfoever, (hall de-(lroy> injure or damage any fountain or conduit, and (hull be thereof convided by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes before the lord mayor, or any jullice of the peace of the county of the city of Dublin, or coimly where fiich offender or offenders mall he apprehended, or before the faid direidors and commiflionersi fuch perfen or perfons fhall forfeit any fum not exceeding five pounds, to be levied by diflrefs, (or in cafe of non-payment) tire offender may be committed in manner herein prefevibed, iu cafe of offenders againfl this a<£l.

CXXIII. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any fountain or conduit fliall be drdroved or damaged, then, and in fuch cafe, the coils of remdntmg pr repairing the fame, (hall be paid by the church-wardens cf £he parifli in which fuch fountain or conduit fhall be innate, ynlefs faid church-wardens fhall within three months apprehend and profecute to conviction in manner before mentioned, the offender or offenders, or fliall make it appear t > the fatisfaClion of faid dim ers and commitlioneis, that fuch damage or injury was done or committed between fun-life and fun-fet 5 and if any of fuch church-wardens fliall refufe pr neglect to pay the fame within ten days after demand made, the fame fhaH be recovered by diflrefs and fale of the goods of fuch church-warden or church-wardens, or by fuch other means as other penalties may purfunnt to this atl be recovered, and for the reimburfement of the faid churchwardens the faid fum fo paid by them, (hall be ratal and tiffed on all houfes and tenements within fuch parifli, and be Colkdlecl, railed, and levied in the lame manner as other monies rated and afTeffod for the ufe of fuch parifli arc collected, railed, or levied.

CXXIV. And be it further ennffed by the authority aforefaid, That if any per foil or perfoiu, fliall dip or wafli their hands or thcmfelves, or any linen or clonths, or any veiTel or other thing, or fliall water any boric or other bead at any fuch fountain or conduit, or Avail throw any foul water, filth, or dirt, or other 'thing therein, or about the fame, and (hall be convided thereof as aforefaid, fuch per-fon or perfons fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding five (hillings; and it fliall he lawful for pny infpe&or of nuifances, or hiper vifory to lei/v inch goods, IiQrfe, bead, or other matter as aforefaid, and lodge them \n any place of fccurity, till the fine hereby impaled is paid.

A. D.

1786. Chap. 6x.

liars aging any fountain,

penalty 5I.

Expires of

rep uring fuch fo"*rain to i>e paid a* herein.

Perfons dir-

ryinv, the wuicr in fuch f'tim mi, i:c. luriut

%

Digitized by

Google

Not fixing up private globes ii diie£lor>, &c. appoint, penalty 51.

Lamp lighter*. embezz i.ig the oil, &e. and the perfons buying Itirh, furieit as herein.

Breaking or fJtingui'hing any ylobc, &c. penalty as herein.

The twenty-fixth Tear of George III.

and in cafe of non-payment, the fame to be fold as other diftrelTe3 under this a A.

CXXV. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That if the owner or occupier of any houfc or place where a private globe or lamp is or fhall be ereCted or fixed up, (hall not fix and place the fame in fuch manner as the faid directors and commilfioners dial! appoint, within ten cays after notice from them, fpecifying the manner iu which the fame is to be fixed, and requiring him or them foto fix it, fuch owner or occupier upon proof being made before the faid direClors and commiflionersj dial! forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding five pounds.

‘ CXXY1. Ard be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any lamp-1 ghter who (hall be employed by & contractor, (hall embezzle or fell oil, or light globes or lamps on his own account, either by himfelf, or by any other perfon for him, or if any perfon (hall knowingly buy fuch oil, fuch perfon or perfons being convicted thereof before the lord mayor, or any otjier magiftrate of the city or county of the city of Dublin, (hall forfeit and pay any fum not lefs than ten, nor exceeding tw'epty pounds ; aid if the fame \>e not paid upon conviction, tfiat then fuch offender, by warrant under the hands and feals of the loid mayor, or other magiilrate of the city, or of the county of the city of Dublin, lhall be committed to the houfc of correction, thefe to be kept to hard labour for any fpace of lime not exceeding three months.

CXXVII. And be it further enaCted by the authority nforefaid, That if any perfon or perfon6 (hall wilfully or malicioufly break, throw down, or extinguilh any globe, or any lamp which is or (hall be eredted or placed in any of the (treets, fquare.% lanes, courts, alleys, or yards, or rm ary of the quays, bridges, or other paflages within the limits of this aCt, or (hall wilfully or malicioufly damage the pofis, iron, or other furniture thereof, every perfon fo offending, or who (hall aid, abet, or aflift in the fame, upon conviction upon oath of one or more witnefs or witnefTcs before the lord mayor or any other magiilrate of the faid city, or before any three or more of the faid directors and coiririflicners, (hall forfeit and pay any fum, not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than five (hillings $ and if fuch fine or fines fliall not be paid upon conviction, that then it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid lord mayor, or othet ma-giltrate, or for the directors and commiflioners before whom fuch pffender cr offenders (hall be conviCte^, to commit hiij, her, or them to the houfe of correction, for any fparc of time not lefs than fourteen days, nor exceeding one month.

CXXVIil. And

The tiventyjixih Tear of George III.

CX^ViII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perions (hall (leal or carry away any of the flags, (tones, timber, or other materials, or any thing whatfoevcr belonging to faid corporation, or any of the faid lamp9, burners, polls, iron, or furniture thereof, fuch perfon or perfons being thereof lawfully con- the flag^ vc. vi'-ted, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony.	deemed felony.

CXXIX. And be it further enaAed by the authority	Con ft able*

aforefaid, That if any conftable or conftables when called reefing tiicir upon by any perfon having a warrant figned by faid dircc- Al<1, foi*cit tors and commiflioners for any fine or penalty, (for the levying of which they are empowered to iflue a warrant) or for any purpofe in the legal exercife of their duty, (hall refufe to aid and aflift him in making fuch diftrefs, he or ' they fo refufing, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pny a.iy fum not exceeding forty (hillings, or in default of payment, the faid directors and commiflioners may commit fuch conftable or conftahles to the houfe of correAion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding feven days.

CXXX. And be it further enaAed by the authority obftruAirnr aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall obftruA, hin- any dircaor, dcr or affault any direAor or commiflioner, furveyor, in- &c P*1**1^ ih fpeAor, fupervifor, colleAor, or other officer being in the execution of their office, or any other perfon or perfons aAing under or employed by faid dircAors and commiflion-ers in any matter rating to the execution of this aA, he, lire, or they, upon conviAion before the lord mayor, or other magiiirate for the city or county of Dublin, or any three or more of the faid dircAors and commiflioners, (hall forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding five pounds : and in cafe of non-payment thereof, upon conviction, fuch offender or offenders (lull and may be fent to the houfe of correAion, by warrant under the hands and feals of the laid lord mayor or other m^giflrate, or of any three of the faid directors and commiflioners, there to remain for any (pace of time not lefs than fourteen days, nor more than three months, or until he, (he, or they (hall pay the faid penalties and all colls and charges attending the non-payment thereof.

CXXXI. And be it enaAed by the authority aforefaid, P rfi mem That the faid direAors and commiflioners (hall and may have full power and authority upon complaint being made the*lampsne- * again ft any perfon or perfons who (hall be employed b^ a glcding, pu ContiaAor or contraAors to light, trim, or cleanfe the niihedas herein, publick lamps or globes, to fummon fuch perfon or perfons to appear before them, and if it (hall appear npon the oath Or affirmation of one or more credible witnefs or witoeflea,

*	that

Stealing any

Digitized by Google

Kerprrs of

pnf jos fufic ring perfons confined by nitne hereof to efcape. fire, forfeit as hcicin.

Penalties (hall he paid as herein.

\

L .

77*e twenty-fixlh Tear of George IIL

that fuch perfon or perfons hath or have negleded- to llghr, or obitruded the lighting of any of the pubiick lamps or globes, or hat,h or have broken, defaced, or otherwise damaged the fame, or any of them, or the ppfl, iron, tin-head, burner, or any part of the furniture thereunto belonging; or if fuch perfon or perfons (hall enter into » combination for fuch purpofes, or any of them, that then the perfon or perfons convided thereof before the lord mayor, or any juftice or juftiecsof the peace, or before any three or mote of the (aid diredors and commiflioners (hall forfeit a fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than tea /hillings, to be levied by diflrcfs and fale, or the offender may be committed, in manner prescribed by this ad, forany fpnceof time not exceeding two months.

CXXMI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any gaoler or keeper of any prifon, to whom any perfon or perfons (hall be committed by virtue of the powers herein contained, fhall wilfully or negligently 1'uffer fuch perfon or perfons to efcapc thertfrom, or to go without the walls cr doors of fuch prifon, until he, (lie, pr they fhall be duly difeharged, fuch gaoler or kteper being convided thereof upon oath of one or more credible witnefs or wit-neffes before the lord mayor or other magiftrate, fhall forfeit any fnni not lefs than live pounds, nor exceeding twenty pounds, to be recovered by diilrefs and f»Le ofL his goods and chattels as herein mentioned, or by adion of debt againfl fuch gaoler or keeper in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in this kingdom, and applied towards the purpofes of this act.

CXXXTII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all the penalties and forfeitures by this ad impofed, not exceeding five (hillings, fhall be paid in Bri-tifh money ; and where the manner of levying and recovering faid iit>es, not exceeding five (hillings, is not hereby othcrivife particularly direded, (hall be levied by the infpec-t >r of nuifances, and any one of the fupervifors, by did refs of the goods ami chattels of the offender, but where the penalties exceed five (hillings Briliih, and the manner of levying the fame is not othervvife lierein particularly direded, they fhall be levied by diitrefs of the goods and chattels of the offender, by warrant under the hands and feals of the lord mayor, or other magistrate, or of the faid diredors and commifiioners, or any three or more of them, upon con-vidion by the confefiton of the party or parties, or upon the evidence of one or more credible witnefs or witnefies upon oath, which goods and chattels if not redeemed within fix days, may be fold ; ar.d tint where the difpofal of pecuniary penalties is not by this ad particularly direded, the

fait\

Digitized by

Google

Dirt, &c. found as herein deemed nur-

The twentyfxth Tear of George III.	331

faid dire&ors and commifiioners may, if they think pro- A. D. > per, order the whole of the faid penalty or any part there- 1786. of, to be paid to the informer, and the remainder of faid Chap. 61. penalties, if a part only is given, (hall be paid to the treasurer of the faid corporation, to be applied to the ufe thereof, and the overplus of dillreffes fold (if any) after dedud ing the charges attending fuch dill refs and fale, fhall be paid to the owner or owners of fuch goods and chattels, if demanded ; and in cafe fufficient dillrefs cannot be found, or if fuch penalties and forfeitures fhall not be paid upon conviction and demand, it fhall and may be lawful for faid lord mayor or other magidrate, or for faid directors and commiliioners, or any three of them, or by warrant vnder their hands and feals, to commit fuch offender or offenders to the houfe of correction, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, or until he, flie, or they before the expiration of that time, fhall pay the faid penalties and forfeitures, and all colts and charges attending the fame.

CXXXIV. And be it ena&ed by the authority nforefaid, that all heaps of dirt or afhes, beams or pieces of timber, board, (laves, cafks, lumber. Hones, bricks, materials for mortar or rubbifh lying on any foot-way or carriage-way, fences, &c. 4 and holes not paled in or enclofed purfuant to the regulations herein contained, alfo holes for receiving coals, uncovered, or not properly covered, fhall be deemed annoyances, ob(l ruCtions and nuifances, over and above the penalties and forfeitures by tins aCt inflicted concerning the fame, the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers of the houfe or houfes, or other buildings before which fuch annoyances, obltrnctibns, nuifances, Or rfnjr of them fhall be, fhall forfeit and pay for any fuch offence any fuin not exceeding five fhilliugs ; which forfeiture, and alio the fcveral forfeitures which purfuant to this a .at fhall be incurred for neglecting to ferape, fwcep, and cleanfe the faid foot-ways, fhall in cafe of non.payment on demand be levied by the infpector of nuifances, and any ore of the lnpcrvifors, by diftrefs of the * goods and chattels of the owner Or occupier of tbe houfe or other building, before which fuch annoyance, obflruCtion, or nuifance fhall be, or before which fuch foot-way fhall not be (craped, fwc.pt and cleanfed.

CXXXV. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, Tim* to be That if any perfon or perfons fhall find himfeif, herfelf, or appointed f.»r Jthemfclves aggrieved in the levying of the forfeitures, or licking corn-nay of them by the faid infpector and fupervifor, upon Pld,QU* complaint thereof, being lodged with ji r fecretary or clerk to this corporation, the faid directors and commifiioners (hall appoint a time for hearing the fame (of which the

pcifoo

_ itiz< oy- Google

If frivolous, penalty not exceeding that before forfeited.

Two infpre-tors to be ap-r«*mud conit a-Uv

In Crffe of. *rvtfUn\injr, or ^-r.vje of frw-r’s- dr*a n , or *• yowls as n.*v»u

The twcvty-fixth Tear of George III.

perfon or perfons complaining (ball have notice) and (Kail examine into the merits of faid complaint upon oath, and their judgment and decifion in fuch matter (hall be final and conclufive.

CXXXVL Provided always, That if upon fuch hearing it (hall appear to the faid dire&ors and commiffioners, that fuch complaint is frivolous or groundlefs, that then fuch perfon or perfons fhall forfeit any fum not exceeding the film he (hall before have forfeited, the fame to be levied as herein is dire£cd.

CXX <V1I. And whereas it will tend to the better and more effedlual execution of the good purpofes of this ad, if the *.ifpe6W or infpe&ors of nuifauces was or were empowered to ad. as coullablc or conllables for tire purpofes of th> act^ nly: be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, upon a certificate being returned to him figned by faid dire&ors and commif-fioners, that the perfon or perfons therein named, hath or have been appointed infpeclor or infpedors of nuifances under tile powers herein contained, (hall immediately fwcar fuch perfon or perfons, not exceeding two in number in the whole, into the office of conftable or conftables, and that fuch perfon or perfons (hall afterwards, and whillt lie or they (hall be continued in the office of infpedor, have the fame power and authority to do and execute all the feveral matters in this ad contained which any other conftable may or can lawfully do.

CXXXVIII. And whereas feveral fewers, drains, and cefs-pouls belong in common to the feveral and refpedive inhabitants of iireets, lanes, end places out of the limits of the corporation of the city of Dublin, and within the circular road : be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe of any overflowing or damage from the breaking or ftoppage of fuch fewer, drain, or cefs-poo! foufed or occupied in common, it (hall and may be lawful for faid directors and commiffioners on complaint made thereof, to order the fame to be infpeded, and to be opened, clean fed, repaired or rebuilt, as (hall be judged necefirary ; and on fix days notice being ferved on the owmers, occupiers, or perfous fifing in common, or receiving benefit from fuch fewers, drains, cr cefs-pooh;, i he faid dirtdors and commiffioners (hall and n ay raile and levy the amount of the charge and expcncc incut red thereby off the faid owners, occupiers, or perfot * iffing the fame in common, rateably in proportion to the amount of the paving tax, then affeffed on fuch owner or occupiers, or perfo n tifing the fame in common ; and if the cods and expences, fo affeffed, (hail not be paid to the

faid

5

The twenty fixth Tear of George III.	333

faid diredors and commifiioners, or their order, infix days A. D. after demand made from the feveral and refpedlve owners, 1786. occupiers, or perfons ufing fuch fewers, drains, or cefs, Chap. 5i. pools in common, that then the faid diredors and commif-fioners may caitfe the fame to be levied with like powers and remedies for recovery, as have herein before been mentioned and provided.

CXXXIX. And whereas an ad pafTed in the eleventh r and twelfth years of his prefent Majedy’s reign for paving,	4^*

deanfingand lighting the dreet calledSackville-dreet, and al-fothe Mall andMarlborough-dreet, m thccity of Dublin: aud whereas the inhabitants of faid ftreets are defirous that the ordeiing of the paving, cleaning, and lighting of the fame, ihould be under the dirc^ion of the corporation hereby created: be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid recited ad, except as to the provifion that faid Sack-viile-ftreet (hall not be made a market or dand for coaches,

(hall from and after the pafling of this ad be repealed and made null and void.

CXL. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the cods and charges of preparing, drawing, obtaining, and pafling this ad, (hall be paid by the faid diredors and commiflioners out of the fird monies to be received by virtue thereof.

C < LI. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- A&iom faid, That in every cafe where a power is given to faid di- brought by wiy redors and comraiflioners, or any of them, to bring an ac- of civil bill with tion or adions for the recovery of any fum or fums of mo-	y 0 ***’

ney againd any perfon or perfons, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid diredors and commiflioners, or any of them who (hall be empowered to bring the fame by way of civil bill (in cafe fuch fum or fums of money (hall not exceed twenty pounds) in fuch court or courts as have or (hall have authority to hear and determine civil bills in the county of Dublin, or* in the city and county of the, city of Dublin, within their refpedive jurifdidions, with like remedy of appeal as in other cafes is given.

CXLII. And be it further enaded by the authority No procced-aforefaid, That no proceeding to be had touching the con-	va	Y

vidion of any offender againd this ad, or any matter or £ 'Wd^Q( thing to be done or tranfadeJ in, or relating to the execu- form, tion of this ad, (hall be vacated or quaflied for want of form, or be removed by certiorari, or any other writ or pro-cefs whatsoever into any of his Mnjedy’9 courts of record at Dublin, any law or ftatute to the contrary notvvithdand-ing.

CXLII1. Provided always, That if arty perfon (hall Pc^fon* ajr-think himfelf or herfclf aggrieved by any thing done in pur-

fuance £a^m.1,UrUr'

Digitized by Google

Diftrcfs made by virtue hereof not deemed unlawful, dec.

If a replevin be brought, the collector may avow or iufrify it by authority hereof.

Plaintiff not to recover in any ad ion for irie-gularity, See.

The twentyfxth Tear of George III.

fuande of this ad, and for which no particular method of relief hath been appointed, fuch perfons may apply to the juftices of the peace, at any general quarter fefiions of the peace, to be held for the city or county of Dublin, as the caufe of complaint fhall arife, and within three months after Inch caufe of complaint fhall have arifen, fuch appellant giving or caufing to be give n twenty-one days notice at the leaft in writing of his or her intention to bring fuch appeal, and of the matter thereof to the fecretary of the faid directors and commiflioners, and within two days after fuch notice entering into recognizance before fome jullice of the peace of fuch county or place (which fuch jullice is hereby authorized to take) with two fulficient fecurifies, conditioned to try fuch appeal at the faid fefiions, and abide the order or, and pay fuch colls as fhall be awarded by the jullices at faid quarter fefiions, and the faid jullices at fuch feflinns fhall, upon due proof of fuch notice being given, and of fuch recognizance being entered into, hear and determine the caufcs and matters of fuch appeal in a fummary way, and award fuch colls to the party aggrieved, as they fhall think proper, and their determination fhall be final andcon-clufive to all parties.

CXLIV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That where any diltrefs fliafi-be made for any fum or fums of money to be levied by virtue of this ad, the cif-trefs itfclf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor'the party or parties making the fame be deemed a-trefpafler or trefpa*7ers on account of any default or want of form in any proceed- -ing relating thereto, nor fhall the party or parties he deemed a trefpafler or trefpafler?, ah initio on account of any irregularity which fhall be afterwards done by the party or parties dillraining, but the perfon or perfons aggrieved may recover full fatisfadion for the damages in any adion on the cafe.

CXLV And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any perfon fhall bring or caufe to be brought any replevin or replevins to recover any dillrefs fo taken, the collector or perfdn making fuch dlitrefs may avow or juilify the taking by the authority of this ad, and give the fpecial matter in evidence; and that if the perfon bringing or caufing to be- brought fuch replevin fhall be nonfuited, or if a judgment fhall be given againlt him or her upon ver-did or demurrer, he or fhe fhall pay double cofts.

CXL.VI. Provided always. That no plaintiff fhall recover in any adion for atiy irregularity, trefpafs, or oth.T proceeding, if tender of fufiicient amends fhall be made by, or on behalf of the party or parties who flir.ll have committed,

The twenlyfxth Tear of George 11L

Ted, or caufcd to be committed any Inch irregularity, tref-pafs, or wrongful proceedings before fueh action is brought; and in cafe no fuch tender (hall have been made, it fhaU and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any fuch adion by leave of the court where fuch adion fhall depend, at any time before iffue joined, to pay into court fuch fum of moneyas he or they (hall think fit whereupon fueh proceeding or order and judgment ftrdl be had and given in and by fuch couFt as in other adions where the defendant is allowed to bring the money into court.

CXL.VII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That no adion or fuit fhall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, until at haft eight days notice fhall be thereof given in writing to the fecretary to the faid diredors and com million ecs, nor after three calendar months after the fad committed; and that every fucli adion fnall be brought, laid, and tried in the county of the city,, or city of Dublin, where fuch matters and things refpedivcly fhall be committed and done ; and that the defendant or defendants in fuch adions and fuits may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence on any trial to be had thereon ; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fliall be non-fuited or fuffer a difcontinuance of any fnch adion, or if judgment fhall be given for the defendant therein, then and in every fuch cafe fuch defendant or defendants fhall have double cofts.

CXLVTII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any action or actions fhall be brought by faid directors and commiflioners againft any perfon or pe»--fous, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, for the recovery of any money or monies, penalty or penalties due or forfeited by virtue of this act, and a verdict fliall be had and given againft fuch perfoir or perfons, body or bodies, he or they fliall pay double cofts ; and the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch action or actions fliall have fuch remedy for the recover)' thcieof, as any plaintiff or plaintiffs may have for his, her, or their cofts in any other cafes by law.

CXLIX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That this net fliall he deemed a publick act, and fliall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juries, and other perfons without fpecially pleading the lame.

No a 3 ion ffia.il be bi ought

againft perfon* aitittg in purfu-aa ce hereof.

A 3 inns brought by the directors, dif-pofed of as herein, &c.

Th is a pub-

lick act.

The

Digitized by (^.ooQle

33*

A. D.

The twenty feventh Tear of George III.

i

The Twenty-fetenth Year of GEORGE III:

CHAP. XV:

Continued to An A3 to prevent tumnltU'dus Ri/ings and Affembfies* and for J uiw *800,	the more effectual Punijhmmt of Perfons guilty of Outrage^

2T ^ ^ °	R*otj and illegal Combination, and of atiminflertng tend

3 Amended 36	unlawful Oaths.	.

G 3 c. 10.

Preamble.

FO R the further prevention of tumtiltucu& rifings and affemblies, and for the more adequate and effc&ual punifhment of perfons guilty of outrage, riot, and illegal combination, and of adminiftering and taking unlawful oaths : be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent Ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfons to the number of twelve, or more being unlawfully, riotoufly and tumultuoufly aflembled, to the dif-turbance of the publick peace, at any time after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, and being required or commanded, in the King’s name, by any one or more jullice or juft ices of tluf peace; or by the (heriff of the county, or his under-(heriff, or by the mayor, (heriff, bailiff or bailiffs, or other head officer or jullice of the peace of any city or town corporate, where any filch rifmg or affembly (hall be, by proclamation to be made in the King’s name, in the form herein after di-re&ed, to difperfe themfelves ?nd depart to their habitations, (hall, to the number of twelve or more, not wit lift anding fueh proclamation made as aforefaid, unlawfully, riotoufly, and tumultuoufly remain or continue together as aforefaid, for the fpace of one hour after fuch proclamation made as aforefaid, then fuch continuing together as aforefaid, to the number of twelve or more, after fuch proclamation made as aforefaid, (hall be adjudged felony, without benefit of clergy ; and the offenders therein, being by due courfe of law thereof convi&ed, (hall be adjudged felons; and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

II. And

Digitized by v^ooQle

The twenty-/event b Tear of George III.

II.	And be it enalfcd, That the order and form of the proclamation which (hall be made by the authority of this a(hall be as *hcreafter fdlloweth, (that is to fay) the juilice or other perfon authorized by this a& to make the laid proclamation, (hall amongft the faid rioters, or as near to them as he dan fafely come, with a loud voice c&mman^, or caufe to be ctim&apded, (ilence to be kept whilft proclamation is making, and after that (hall openly, and with, loud voice, make, or caufe to be made, proclamation in ihefe words, or like in effe& : Our fovereign lord the King 'thargeth and commandeth all perfotis being ajfembled, immediately to difperfe them/elves, and peaceably to depart to their habitations, or to their lawful biifincfs, upon the pains contained in the act made in the twenty/eventh year of King George the third, to prevent tumultuous riftngs arid ajfemblies ; and every fuch ma-giftrate as aforefaid, within the limits of his jurifdi&ion is hereby authorized, impowered and required, on notice or knowledge of any fuch unlawful, riotous, and tumultuous Hfings or affembiy as aforefaid, to refott to the place where the fame (hall be, and there to nuke, or caufe to be made, proclamation in manner aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enacted, That if any perfon or perfons do, or (hall by threats, meffages, or with force^ wilfully or knowingly oppofe, obftru&, let, or hinder any perfon or perfons who (hall begin to proclaim, or go to proclaim, according to the proclamation hereby direded to be made, whereby fuch proclamation (hall not Be made, then fdon*. <very fuch threatening, oppofing, obftruding, letting, hindering, or hiirting any fuch perfon or perfons fo beginning or going to make fuch proclamation as aforefaid, (hall be adjudged felony, without benefit of clergy 5 and the offenders therein being by due courfe of law thereof convi&ed (hall be Adjudged felons, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit «f cleigy j and^ that alfo every fuch perfog

or, perfons fo being unlawfully, riotoufly and tumultuoufly* a (Te mb led, to the number of twelve or more as aforefaid, to whom proclamation 'fhowld or ought to have been made if the lame had not been hindered as aforefaid, (hall likewise, in cafe they, or any of them, to the number of twelve or • more, (hall continue together in manner aforefaid, and not difperfe themfelves within one hour after fuch let or binder* ance fo made, having knowledge of fuch let or hinderance,

(hall be adjudged felons, and being by due courfe of law thereof cbnvi&ed, (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony* without benefit of clergy.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if fuch perfons fo unlawfully, riotoufly and tumultuoufly affcmbled, or twelve

Vol. VIII.	Y	tf

Procia^Mtien.

Pcrfans hindering the making fuch proclamation deemed

r1

Digitized by

v Google

Si*

The twenty-frvcnth Tear of Geoi gellt.

Cozed.

A. D. or more of them, (hall continue together in manner afer6»

* 1787. hud, and not difperfe themfelvcs within one hour after pm-Chap. 15. clamation made in manner as aforefaid, or after fuch let ot huidcrar.ee as aforefaid, then it (hall and maybe lawful to Rioters to be and for every jnllice of the peace, (heriff or under-(fit riff of the county where fuch riling or aflembly (hall be, and alfo to and for every high or petty conftable, or other peace officer within filch cuumy, and alfo to and for every mayor. Juft ice of the peace, iheriff, bailiff, or other head-officer* high or petty cortllabie, or other peace officer of any city ot town corporate where fuch riling or alterably (hall be, and to and for fuch other perfon and perfons as (hall be required to be affifting unto fuch juflice of the peace, (herifl or under (hciifF, mayor, bailiff, or other head officer afore -faid, who are hereby authorized and impowered to command all his Majeily’s fubjedU of age and ability to be adMing to them therein, to feize and apprehend, and they are hereby required to feize and apprehend fuch perfons fo Unlawfully, riotoufly and tumultuoufiy continuing together after proclamation made as aforefaid, or after fuch let or b aide ranee as aforefaid, and forthwith to carry the perfons fo apprehended before one or more of his Majefty’s juftiecS df tile peace of the county or place where fuch perfons (hall be fo apprehended, in order to their being proceeded againft for fuch their offences according to law ; and that if the perfons fo unlawfully, riotoufly and tumultuoufiy aflemhled* or any of them, fhall happen to be killed, maimed, or hurt in the difperling, feizing, or apprehending, or endeavouring to difperfe, feize or apprehend them, by re tfon of their refitting the perfons fo dlfperfing,’ feizing or apprehending, or endeavouring to difperfe, feize or apprehend them, then every fuch jullice of the peace, (heriff, under-lherifT, mayor, bailiff, head officer, high or petty conftable, or other peace officer, and all and fingular perfons aiding and affifting them, or any of them, fhall be free, difeharged and indemnified, as well againft his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, as agaiitll all and evcryvother perfon and perfons ofv for, or concerning the killing, maiming, or hurting of any fuch perfon or perfons fo unlawfully, riotoufly and tumultuoufiy aflem-bled, as (hall huppen to be fo killed, maimed, or hurt as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfons un-lawfully, riotoufly, and tumultuoufiy aflembled, (hall unlawfully and with force demolifli or pull down, or begin to demolifh or pull down any church or chapel for the celebration of divine fervice, according to the ufage of the church df Ireland, or any building ufed for religious worfiiip, or if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully burn or fet fire to, or

ifiall

fS’Unw dowfl

2’ y r- i;?if>us h'm'c, .‘vc. <J*:cincd felony.

V

Digitized by

Googl

The twenty Seventh Tear of George III*

339

(hall maltcioufly fallen up any church or chapel, or other A* D. building for religious worfliip as aforefaid, or by threats or 17^7-iorcc prevent or obllrudl any clergyman from officiating or Chap. 15. celebrating divine fervice therein, or fliall maim or hurt auy **0*~~>T*'"*f clergyman officiating or performing, or about to officiate or perform divine fervice therein, then every fuch demolilhing or pulling down, or beginning to demolifh or pull down, or burning or fettlng lire to, fadening up, preventing or obflru£ling, maiming or hurting, fliall be adjudged felony, without benefit of clergy; and the offenders therein being by due couffe of law thereof convicted fliall be adjudged ielons, and fliall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That any perfon or per-Tons not duly qualified by law to adminfter oaths, wlio fliall ^	trai*r.

fedminifler, or caufe to be adminiftered, or tender, or caufe porutioo for to be tendered to, or by threats, promifes, perfuafion, or hfc, 6cc. other undue means, caufe, induce, or procure to be taken by any perfon or perfons any unlawful oath, or folemn c:i-gagen^eut, upon r book or otherwise, and being by due courfe of law thereof convicted, fliall be adjudged guilty of felony, and may be tranfported for life ; and every perfon who fliall take auy fuch oath or folernn engagement as afore-faicl, not being thereto compelled by inevitable necdlity, and being by due courfe of law thereof convicted, fliall be •adjudged guilty of felony, and fuffer as a felon, and may be tranfported for feven years

\Wl. And be it enacted, That where any indictment Snffkicnt in

fliall be found againfl any perfon or perfons for adminifler- in*hviment to

inc: or cauling to be admiuillered, or tendering or caufing fet forth the 1	1	1	•	1	•	V	iT	1	general, in p ut

to be tendered, or inducing or procuring to be taken by gf any perfon or perfons any unlawful oath or folemn engage- &c. ment, or againfl any perfon or perfons who (hall take any fuch oath*or engagement as aforefaid, it fhall not be necef-fary in any fuch indictment for any of the faid offences to let fortli the form of words made ufe of in fuch oath or engagement, but that it fhall be fufficient to fet forth in any luch indictment the general import of fuch oath or engagement ; and where any indictment fhall be found againfl any perfon or perfons for adminiflering or caufing to be adminiltcrcd, or tendering or caufing to be tendered, or inducing or procuring to be taken by any perfon or perfons any fuch unlawful oath or engagement, it fhall * not be nectflary to fet forth the name or names of the perfon or perfons to whom fuch oath or ‘engagement was tendered, or by whom fuch oath or engagement was faked.

Y z	VIII.	And

Digitized by v^ooQle

Any inftru-ment or other matter for inflicting bodily pmiifhincat, in or.lcr to compel peifotis to enter into combination, See death and difliction.

Publifhiag,

tending fo ex-cittAjrtld’tfful meetings, death.

Seizing urmV, or hvpply.ng ho;jjc«, See. to rioter*, death*

fale twenty feventh Tear of George lit.

Vni. And be it ena&ed, That if any perfoli or per-; fong (hall dig, ere& or provide, or caufe or procure to be dug ere&ed or provided, any grave, gallons or gibbet, or any inftrument for inflidting bodily pain or punifhment, in order to induce or compel any perfon or perfons to enter into, fupport, maintain, or affift in any unlawful combination or agreement whatfoever, or in order to deter or prevent any perfon from giving evidence in any fuit or profecutioa civil or criminal, or to prevent the eollc&ion of any lawful rates or taxes, or (hall make ufe of any manner of force, or inflidt or threaten to inflift any manner of bodily pain or punifhmcnt whatfoever, or deftroy or threaten to deftroy the property of any perfon in order to induce or compel any perfou to enter into, fupport ot maintain, or affift ist any unlawful combination or confpiracy whatfoever, or to prevent the colle&ion of any fuch rates or taxes, or to deter or prevent any perfon from giving evidence in any fuit or profecution, civil or criminal, or on account of any per-fon’s having declined or refufed to enter into any unlawful Combination m agreement, or on account of any perfon1# having given evidence in any adtion or profecution, civil or criminal, every fuch perfon, and all perfons aiding, abetting and affifting therein, beiog thereof by due courfe of law convidted, (ball be adjudged guilty of felony, without benefit of clergy, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy } and the body of every perfon that (hall fo fuller (hall be delivered by the (heriff to the furgeon of the infirmary of thtf county to be by him publicity difTc&ecf.

IX.	And be it ena&cd, That if any perfon (hall print, ^rrite, poll, publifh, or knowingly circulate or, deliver, or (hall caufe or procure to be printed, written, polled, pub-lilhed, circulated or delivered any notice, letter or meflage, exciting or tending to excite any riot, tumultuous meeting 6r unlawful combination or confederacy, every fuch perfon being by due courfe of law thereof convidled (hall be adjudged a felon, and fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

X.	And be it ena&ed, That every perfou not lawfully thereunto authorized, who (hall forcibly feize any arms or ammunition belonging to any perfon or perfons, or (hall forcibly or by menace or intimidation exaft or lfevy from any perfon any contribution itr money or goods, or (hall by infmuation, menaces, threats or violence caufe any per-fo;i unwilling to deliver any arms or ammunition, or to fend fiich arms, ammunition, money or goods to any perfon or perfons, or place or places, and every perfon who (hall Knowingly and voluntarily fupply horfes, arms*- or amnrn-

nfcioa

i

Digitized by Google

if%e twenty-fevcnth Tear o/*GeorgeIII.	341

aition to any perfon or perfons, for the purpofe of aflifting A. D. any perlbn or perfons in the execution of any of the of- 1 7^7. fences in this aCfc mentioned, and be by due courfe of law Chap. 15. thereof convi&ed, (hall be adjudged a felon, and fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XI.	And be% it ena&ed, That every perfon who (hall

voluntarily enter into any unlawful combination or con-	*	t0

federacy to defrand any clergyman of the church of Ire- clergy of tluir land, or lay impropriator, of any tithes or dues to which due*, Sic. pu-he is legally entitled, or of any part thereof, or to ob- nhhed Mhtrtin. ftruCt him in the colle&ion thereof, or (hall by force#

threats, or other unlawful means prevent any fuch clergyman, or lay impropriator, or any perfon or perfons employed by him, from viewing, valuing, fetting or felling any tithes to which he is entitled, or having heretofore entered into fuch combination or confederacy, (hall do any ?Ctto defraud any fuch clergyman of the church of Ireland, or lay impropriator, of any tithes or dues to which he is legally entitled, or of any part thereof, or to obftruCl him $n the collection thereof, or (hall try force, threats, or other unlawful means prevent any fuch clergyman, or lay impropriator, or any perfon or perfons employed by ‘ him? from viewing,'valuing, fetting or felling any tithes to which he is entitled, every luch perfon being by due courfe of law thereof convicted, (hall be adjudged guilty of a mifdemeanor, and the court before whom fuch perfon (hall be tried, (hall order fuch offender to be punifhed by fine and imprifonment, or to fuffer fuch corporal puniftiment as the court (hall direCt.

XII.	Piavided always, and be it enaCted, That no per- # Profecntion fon or perfons (hall be profecuted by virtue of this aCt, for ,B a >,car* any offence or offences committed contrary to the fame, un-

Icfs fuch profecution be commenced within one year after the offence committed, and that this aCt (hall continue to be of force for three years, and to the end of the then ne^ firffion of Parliament, and no longer.

CHAP.

Digitized by

Google '

34*

A. D.

The twenty fevcntb Year of George III.

CHAP. X£.

An A8 to extend ti e Powers given hy Law (o certain Perfons* of making Leafes of Lands, for the Purpofes of building and carrying on the Linen Alanufailur^

of $ TT7HEREA 5 by an a£l paflefl in the fifth year of his »3-c. 9.	YV	Majefty’s	reign,	entitlyd,	An	q8	for	explaining	and

amending the laws relative to tlye flaxen and hempen manufacture is amongft other things ena&ed, That it (halt and jnay*be lawful to and for every perfon (Vized in poffcffion iit Jaw or equity of any eftate in fee tail, or for ljfe, with immediate remainder over to, or in truft for his i(Tue, to de-mife any land out of his faid eftate, whereof he (hall be fij feized, beiqg no part of the Jemcl'nc ufually occupied with his manfion honfe, and not exceeding five acres plantation mcafure in the whole, for three' lives renewable for ever, to any perfon or perfons who (hall engage and contract to carry on fome branch of the linen manufa&ure on the land lo to be demifed : and whereas it is found by experience jhat many perfons engaged in canning on the Jinen manufacture, are unwilling to expend any confijierable fum or fums of money in erecting, building,. an<i making permanent improvements upon fo fmall a fpace of ground as five; acres : and whereas the encouraguntnt propofed to be held but may gTeatly tend to the eftabiidiing a yeomanry in this kingdom, now' in order to remedy the above inconvenience, and for the further extenfion of the linen manufa&ure, and for the general improvement pf the kingdom : be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tempo-

flf^and"'fC‘Wd ra1, aad

commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, herein mayde- ^y authority of the fame, That from and after th^ mi^c as herein. firfl day of June next, it (hall And may he lawful to and for every perl on feized in poiTefiion in law or equity of any eftate in fee tail, or for life, with immediate remainder over to, or in truft for his ifiue to demife any land out of his fa d eftate whereof lie (hall be (o fuzed, being no part oP the demefne ufually occupied witfi his manfion houfc, and not exceeding fifteen acres plantationmcafure in the whold for three live* renewable for ever,' to any perfon or perfons Who (hall engage and contraCl to Carry on fome branch of the linen manufacture: provided that the bell and higheit rent be revi ved for the land fo to be demifed without line, and that one lid!f year’s lent of die faid demifed land, be .	referred

Digitized by

Google

Pi rfon* v hm

The twenty feverth Tear of George III.

referved as a renewal fine on the fkll of every life, to be paid within fix months after tlie fall of fuch life, at d that the lcflee or Jefiees do covenant by Ajch leafc or leafts to expend upon the land fo to be deinifed, the Aim of twelve pounds fterling for every acre fo to be dtmiftrd, in erecting hollies or other buildings, fit and well adapted for carrying on fome branch or branches of the linen mar.ufafture, or any manufafture or manufactures in which linen yarn (hall be a principal material, and do covenant to preferve and keep the fame in proper order and itpair, and carry, or caufe to be carried on fome branch or branches of the liner* or other manufafture, in which linen yarn fiiall be a pnncipaj jpatCrial on the land fo deir.ifed, during the continuance of faid demife ; and provided, that fuch houfts and buildings be erected and completed within five yoats alter making fuch demife, and that every leafc that (hall he made agreeable to the conditions and terms aforefaid, and provided the It (Tee or lelfees (hall duly perform the faid covenant or covenants for building, fhall be good and valid, notwithftanding any fcttle-ment reflraining fuch tenant for life? or in tail from making fuch leafc or lcafes.

II.	And whereas federal lcafes have been made purfuant to the powers and provisions in the faid recited aft contained, £ct *u* 1

be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, USiat it n^ay^miio^ fhall and maybe lawful for every pet Ion ft i zed as herein as herein, mentioned, to demife in the manner, ai d fubjeft to the provifions aforefaid, fuch quantity of land whereof he fhall be fo feized, contiguous to the land demited in fuclileafe to, the lefite thereof, his heirs or aillgns^ as together there-, with (hall not in the whole exqeed fifteen acres plantation meafure, and that in every fuch demife a poyenr.nt on the part of the lefTee, his heirs or nffigns, to expend upon the lands dimifed thereby, or by fuch former leafc, fuch Aim as together with the funis previoutly expended on ti e contiguous premifres demifed tinder the povveis in the laid recked aft, will amount in the whole to the Aim cf twelve pounds for each and every acre contained in both faid dc-mifes, fiiall be deemed a good and fuflicient covenant within the meaning of this aft, although the fnn* fo to be expended, (hall not amount to twelve pounds for every acre demif^i by virtue hereof,

III.	And whereas the counties of Kerry and Limerick An infjww are too large to be attended by one ^nfpeftor cf the linen for each of ihe manufacture ; be it further enacted, That it fiiall be lawhd

for the trufiees of the linen manufacture to appoint a(inu- * * 1J1‘S'X* ally one infpeftor for each of the laid counties, in like manr ner, at like times, and under and fubjeft to the like ttgula-fions as are enafted by any law at prefent in foice, refpefting gny county infpeftors by them to be appointed.

4	C	P	A ^



2"A* tiocnij-fcwntb Tear of George IIJ.

A. D. •

1787-

V—v~-~'	CHAP. XXI.

Haxniltom Moore trcaTurer of the co.

Down failed.

Perfon* proving rhe having expended mo* hey purfuant to prefentments, and which is {fill due 10 then ft*all be paid a» herein.

PreCcntmenti pot exccuttd to te ft ruck <>1F the querc^ook.

An Act for regulating the Prefrntments for majting the Public^ Roads in the County of Down, and appropriating a Proportion of a Balance now in the Hands of ilse Treafurer of faid County, towards the Repairs of the County Court-Houfes,

♦

WHEREAS Hamilton Moore, late treafurer of the dj£unty of Down, did fome time in the year pf our Loid one thoufand feven hundred and eightyfcfiul and flop payment, having become confiderabiy indebted to the faid county as treafurer: and whereas a f»flt at law was commenced again (I the faid Hamilton Moore’-a fufeties, and the money recovered on faid fuit is not fufiicient to anfwer the demands of all thofe, who upon the credit of the county expended money in executing the public works thereof for their relief; be it enacted by the King’s raoft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, That if any perfon {hall make it appear upon oath to the fatisfa&ico of the grand jury of the county of Down at the next fummer, or the enfuin^ lent aflizes, that they have expended any money in executing any prefentment granted by the grand jury of faid county during the period of time the faid Hamilton Moore was trcafurci thereof, and that there ftill remains due to them the whole or any payt thereof, and that they have not received any note, bond, fecurity, or fatisfa&ion for the fame, the grand jury (hall caufe the treafurer of the county to enter an account thereof, and the grand juries of that and the three enfuing aflizes (hall be empowered to prefent one fourth of the turn fo claimed to be raifed off the county*at large, or the baronies refpedively according to the original prefentment, which fums when raifed {hall b$ paid to the perfons fo proving that they expended the money as aforefaid ; and fuch fum as hath been recovered from the faid fecurity fhall by the grand jury be applied to the -ufe of fome other neceflary work in the coun y, fuch as is nowpre. fented by law.

II. And be it ena&ed, That every prefentment made before the (aid Hamilton Moore (topped payment, and which has not been executed previous to the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, (hall, by order of the court, he llruck off the querc book.

III. An*



Digitized by C x —

The twenty froen^h Tear of George IIL

JtH. And whereas the court-hoitfe of laid county tp* |>earcd to the crown judge and grand jury at laft fumioer affizes to be in a ruinous condition, and the faid grand jury .caufed the fame to be examined by two ikilful workmen, who depofed on oath, before the faid grand jury, that if fome repairs were not made before the winter feafon fet in, the court-houfe would receive fuch damage as would occa-iipn additional expence to the county: and whereas there had not been any affidavit made previous to the faid affixes, and lodged with the clerk of the grand jury to prefent according to law, for the repairs of laid court-houfe, but to prevent the great cxpence that would be incurred if the laid work (hould be delayed, the faid grand jury caufed an efti-mate on oath to be made of the neceflary repairs, which amounted to the fum of eighty-eight pounds ten (hillings, and the faief grand jury appointed overfeers to fee the laid work properly executed, and account for the fame, and de-fired the treafurcr to advance fuch fums of moneyTor the perfons employed in executing the faid work, as that tke amount (hould not exceed the afore faid fum of eighty-eight pounds ten (hillings; be it enabled, That upon the laid overfeers accounting by affidavit before the grand jury for the faid work, that the grand jury may order it to be paid out of the money recovered on the fecurlty given by the laid Hamilton Moore.

IV* And whereas the treafurer of faid county has, by the directions of the grand jury, caufed lifts of the pre-fentmenta granted at each affizes, together with the lift of conftables names to be publifhed and difperfed about the county : and whereas there has been deficiencies in the payments by high conftables, on account of the boundaries of baronies not being fufficiently afeertained, ib as to enable them to levy the amount of the prefentments, by which means there 13 a charge in the treafurers account of the fum of eighty-nine pounds three (billings and eleven pence halfpenny, which the grand jury cannot by law allow or prefent on the county : and whereas the boundaries of faid baronies are now finally eftablifhed: therefore be it enacted, That the grand jury of faid county be empowered to difeharge the faid balance of eighty-nine pounds three (hillings and eleven pence halfpenny, out of the money recovered upon the fecurity of the laid Hamilton Moore, and to prefent from time to time fuch fiuns of money as (hall appear upon oath of the treafurer of (aid county, to be expended in printing lifts of county prefentments, and high conftables names and purchafmg account books, and kooks for regiftering freeholds:	and	whereas it would

greatly affift grand juries in the difpatch of their bufinef* at L""' *	affizes,

The court houfe to be re* paired

A charge m the treafurers account of 89I. js. Mdb.' is to he paid aa herein, dec.

Digitized by L-ooQLe

346	7he twenty feventh Tear of George III.

affizes, if all affidavits to account for public money were given in at the fecretary’s office, at an eariy. period of the affizes: therefore be it enafted by the authority aforefaxl. That all affidavits accounting for publfck money granted at the affizes of the county of Down, fhall after the next fum-mer affizes, be lodged with the fecretary of the grand jury of faid county, on the day on which fuch grand jury (hall be 1'worn between the hours of nine in the morning, and eight at night, and that no account fhall be taken into con-fideration or parted at any affizes by the grand jury of faid county after next fummer affizes, which fhall not be lodged asaforefaid, and the faid fecretary fhall endorfe on every account, the name of the barony, or half barony, it belongs to,*and m like manner thofe of the county at large, fetting forth the name of the overfeer accounting for the*fame, and the amount thereof, and alfo the number on the back of each account, which is prefixed to the quere on which faid account is founded, together with the initial letters of the faid fecretary’s chriftian and furname, and pievious to the fecretary’s giving in faid accounts and fchedules to the grand jury; he fhall fwcar in open court, that each account marked with his initials, and clafTed in fuch fchedules, were received by him at the time directed as aforefaid, and at no Jater period.

V. And be it further enabled by the authority afore** fafd, That each grand jury fhall be empowered to prefent fhe ftup of forty fhillings at eacli affizes, for the trouble of faid fecretary over and abov^ what they are now empowered by law to prefent,

CHAP. XXII.

/

# An Ad to render more effectual an At7, entitled, An Ad for the more fpeedy find eafy Recovery of fmall Debts m the A a nor Courts •within this Kingdom, and for regulating the Cojls of Proceedings for that Purpofe therein•

WHERE/-S by an aft parted in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled. An G	ad	for	the	more	fpeedy	and eafy recovery of fmall debts in the

manor courts within tins kingdom* and jor regtdating the cojls of proceedings for that purpofe therein ; it is enafted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and fpr any perfon who fhall think him or themfelyes aggrieved by any decree made in a manor court, to appeal therefrom to the next going judges of affize, who are thereby empowered to re-hear the faid cauie : and whereas doubts have ariftn upon fuch appeal*

concerning

A. D.

4T** each afJiz^s for the v fecretary above former buna.



Digitized by

The twenty-fcventh Tear of George III.

347

concerning the jurifidi&ion of fuch my or courts, and where they are holden by charter or letters patent, it would be attended with manifeft inconvenience and cxpence to produce the fame, or a copy thereof, upon the hearing of fuch appeal; for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the King’s iiroft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afTemblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of Auguft, due thoufayd (even hundred and eighty-feveO, on aH ap-judges of afluc, peals from the decrees of fuch manor courts before the a coFT °» *b-judges of aflizc, whenever any queftion /hall arjfe refpeding orkttersCw^<# the exigence or extent of jurifdi&ion of any fuch manCr tent. See. at-court, a copy or abftrad of fuch claufes of fuch letters pa- tefted deemed tent, or charter creating fuch manors as contain the grants fwffidcnt. of jurifdidion in a6tions between parties in the courts of laid manors, from the enrolment thereof in the roHs-officc or auditor-general’s office, at tefted by the officer thereof, and lodged and depofited with threading clerk of the peace for the county wherein fuch manors are holden, (hall be admitted and received as evidence of the juri/didion of faid manor courts.

II.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Scnefchal, Sec, every fenefchal or fteward of a manor created by charter or to lodge with

* patent as aforefaid, who /hall hold juiifdidion of any caufe,

lhall lodge, or caufe to be lodged with the clerk of the	fu^

peace of the county in which fuch court is holden, fuch at- charter rent,dec.

•tefted copy of fuch charter or patent, or uf fuch claufes of

the fame as herein before mentioned, paying to fuch clerk of

the peace for the cuftody thereof the fum of five /hillings

and no more, which copy or certificate fo attefted and lodged	§

as aforefaid, /hall without fee or reward, be produced by fuch

clerk of the peace before any going judge of afiize when

lawfully demanded.	w

III.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That nCg[”^n),\0 C* if any fenefchal or fteward of a manor, who /hall Hold plea lodv»elu< hcopy, in any adion, /hall neglect to caufe fuch atteiUd copy of forfeit jot Sec. fuch charter or patent, or claufes thereof a3 aforefaid, to

be lodged and depofittd W'ith the ading clerl: of the

peace of the county as aforefaid, before the firft day of

'Auguft, one thonfaud feven hundred and eighty feven, he

{hall forfeit the fum of ten pound?, to he recovered by any

perfon fuing for the fame by civil bill, and that any clerk of

the peace who /hall negled producing the fame when called

ujfon as aforefaid, /hall forfeit the liJ e lum, to be recovered *

in like manner by the party aggrieve d.	9

' IV. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That wpcoF'tm

in all cafes of appeal from the decree of any manor court to pr04jucJ the do*

*'	the	tree, &c.

On anneals to

Digitized by C ?gle

34*

A. D<

Amended 30 S.3 c. ii.l a.

R«crta?of 14 Sc isC. a.

4

Britifti *a C. 1 in force in Ireland ^cept at herein*

No foreign bmlt vefl’d, except prizes, entitled to advant-ages of Bmifh or Iriih built flip or owned fe) Uu>jcct6> See

The lavastyfeXxath Tear of George IIL

the judges of aflize, the refpondent to every fuch appeal, {hall, if required, produce upon the hearing of fuch appeal, the decree of the manor court fo appealed from, and alio the fummons of the manor court ferved upon the party upon which fuch decree was founded*

CHAP. XXIII.

An Act for the further Increafe and Encouragement of Ship* ping and Navigation*

WHEREAS the wealth qqd ftrength of this kingdom, and the profperity and fafety of every part of the Britifh empire, greatly depend on the encouragement given to {hipping and navigation : and whereas by the forty-ninth rule annexed to, and part of an aft pafled in Ireland, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majefty, Charles the fecond, entitled, An a£i for fettling the fubftdy of poundage, and granting a fubftdy of tonnage, aud other Jttmi of money unto his royal Majcjiyy his heirs and fuueJfon% the fame to be paid upon merchandises imported\ and exported inta^ or out of the kingdom of Ireland, according to a book of rates hereunto annexed: it is dir eft ed that an aft palled in England, in the twelfth year of the reign of his faid Majefty Charles the fecond, entitled, dn ad for encouraging of Jb'tp* ping and navigation ; (hall be from time to time duly obferv-ed and executed in this kingdom y be it therefore declared qnd enafted by the King’s ffloft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords (piritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid recited aft pafied in England, in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the fecond, and every provifion therein contained, fo far as the fame are not altered or repealed by this aft, is and ihall be of full force and effeft within this kingdom.

II. And whereas it is neceflary and highly expedient, that the advantages hitherto given to (hips owned and navigated by his Majefty’s fubjefts, (hould from henceforth in all cafes be confined to {hips wholly built and fitted out in his Majefty’s dominions: be it therefore enafted, That • from and after the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand (even ■ hundred and eighty-feven, no {hip or vefTel foreign built (except fuch fhips or veflels as have been* or fhall hereafter be taken by any of his Majefty’* {hips or veflels of war, or by any private or other (hip or veiled, and condemned at • lawful prize in any court of qdjpirtfty) nor any {hip or vef-

Digitized by

The t&eittyfevtnth Tear of George Ilf.

ftl built or rebuilt upon any foreign made keel or bottom, in'the manner heretofore pradlifed and allowed, although owned by his Majefty's fubjed and navigated according to Jaw, (hall be any longer intitlcd to any of the privileges or advantages of a Britifh or lrifh built (hip, or of a (hip Owned .by his Majefty’s fubjeds, and that all the faid privileges and advantages (hall "hereafter be confined to fuch (hips Only, as are wholly of the built of Great Britain or Ireland, Guernfey, Jerfey, or the lfle of Man, or of fome of the polonies, plantations, iflands, or territories in Afia,

Africa, or America, which now belong, or at the time of building fuch (hips or reffcls did belong, or which may1 hereafter belong to or be in the poffeflion of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors.

III.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to prohibit fuch to vefTels be-loreign built fhips or vcffels only, as before the firft day of longing to May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, did Jc,as*

truly and vvithout fraud wholly belong to any of the people of Great Britain, or Ireland, Guernfey, Jeffey, the Iffc of Man, or any of the aforefaid colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories, as the proprietors and right owners thereof, and which fhall be navigated according to law, and fhall alfo be regiftered in the manner herein direded, from continuing to enjoy the privileges and advantages they have hitherto enjoyed, or from importing or exporting fuch goods or commodities as may now be legally imported or exported by fuch fhips or vefTels' into, and from fuch ports and places Us aie now by law allowed, and under fuch rules, regulations, and reftridions, as have heretofore been made, touching fuch foreign built fhips or vefTels.

IV.	And provided alfo. That nothing herein contained Nof t0 ^ * fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend to deprive any fhip privc from

or veflel, which before the pafling of this ad hath been advantages built, er rebuilt upon any foreign made keel or bottom,

5/and which before the faid firft day of May, one thoufand cr c feven hundred and eighty-feven, was duly regiftered a9 a Britifh or lrifh fhip, from continuing to enjoy any privi-kge or advantage to which fuch fhip or veffel is now by any ' faw or ufage entitled, nor to prevent any fuch fhip or veffel which fhall have been begun to be repaired or rebuilt before the faid firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, and bona fide continued to be repaired or rebuilt, from being regiftered according^ to, and in purfuance ef this ad, by an order under the hands of the commiflion-trs of the revenue in this kingdom, or of any three or more ^of them, which order the faid commiffioners are hereby authorised and empowered to make, if it fhall be made appear

Provifo as

Digitized by v^ooQle

35°

The twenty feventh Tear of George III.

A. D.

1787. Chap. 23.

None deemed Britilh or liilh (hips except as

bcicin.

pear to the fatisfaftion of the (aid commiffionere upon eatbj that fuch (hip or veffel was (Iranded by the aft of providence, and not with a fraudulent intent, and was at the time of being fo ftranded, the foie property of fome foreigner or foreigners, or that fuch (hip ot veffel was a droit of admiralty, and it be in lijte manner fully and clearly ascertained to the fatisfaftion of fuch commiifioners, that the faid (hip or veffel from the damage received from being fo (Iranded, was rendered unfit to proceed to fea, without undergoing a thorough repair in this kingdom, and that (he was nect(Tartly fold for the benefit of the foreign owner or owners, or being a droit of admiralty, was fold by virtue and under die authority of an order or commiilion from thie court of admiralty, and that (he was fairly and openly purchafed by a fubjeft or fubjefts of his Majeily, and being the foie and entire property of fuch fubjeft or fubjefts, that (he hath been fo much repaired, that two thirds of her a£ lead arc of Britiffi or Irifh built.

V. And be it further enafted. That from arcl after the fit (I day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eight y-feven, no (hip or veffel (hall be deemed or taken to be Bri-tifh or Iri(h built, or enjoy the privileges thereunto belonging, which (hall from thenceforth be rebuilt or repaired i» any foicign port or place, if fuch repairs (hall exceed the fum of fixteen (hillings and three pence for every ton of the faid (hip or veffel according to the admeafurement thereof, unlefs fuch repairs (hall he neceffary by reafon of extraordinary damage fuilained by fuch (hip or veffel during the ab-fcjicc of fuch fiiip or veffel from his Majeily’s dominions,, to enable h6r to perform the voyage in which (he (hall be then engaged, and to return in fafety to fome port or place of the (aid dominions, aud that before fuch (hip or veffel (hall he repaired, fo as to exceed the fuin aforefaid, the mailer or other p^rfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel (hull report the date and condition thereof upon oath, or (being a quuker,) upon affirmation to hijfl Majeily*s couful, or other chief officer of his Majeily, it^ thcie (hall be fuch conful or officer at the port where it iliall be neceffary to repair fuch (hip or veffel, and (hall caufc fuch (hip or veffel to be furveyed by two (it and proper per-fons to be approved of by fuch conful or chief officer, and fliall deliver to fuch coniul or chief officer in writing the particulars of the damage fuilained by fuch (hip or veffel, and (hall verify upon oath, or being a quaker, upon affirraa-tif n to be admiriillered by fuch conful or chief officer tf\c particulars and amount of the repairs of luch (hip or veffel, aud that the fault; were become neceffary iu confequence of

damage

Digitized by

/

The t*iventy-feventb Tear George III.

jAamage fuftained during the voyage to that port, to enable fuch (hip or veffcl to profecute the voyage then intended and to return to fomepoit or place of hid Majefty’s dominions, which the faid confui or chief officer is hereby required to ceitify und<* his hand and feal; and if there (hall not be any fuch confui or diief officer as aforefaid, refident iat or near the port or place where fuch repairs may be ne-ceffary, then that fuch furvey (hall be made by two tit and proper perfons to be approved of by two known merchants, being his Majefly’s fubje&s, refilling at or near fuch port or place, and that fuch mafler or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel, (ball produce to fuch merchants as aforefaid, vouchers of the particulars andamount of the repairs of fuch (hips or vefTels, whofe certificate of tbj lame (hall be of like force and effect as that of the confui or chief officer aforefaid, and in cafe any (hip or veflcl (hall after the faid firfl day of Ait-gull, one thoufaud feven hundred and eighty-feven, be repaired in any foreign port or place, the mailer or other perfon having or taking the charge or command thereof, (hall make proof on oath, or if a quaker, by affirmation before the colle&oror other chief officer of the port of thid kingdom where the faid (hip or veflel may firll arrive, if required by him fo to* do, which oath or affirmation the laid colle&or or other chief officer, or either of them, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to admiuiller, of the nature and amount of the charge or expence of fuch repairs, and if fuch charge or expence (hall appear to exceed the before mentioned fum of fixteen (hillings and three pence for every ton of the admeafurement of fuch (hip or veffil, and the faid mailer or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch fhip or vefTel, (hall neglect or refufe to deliver to fuch colle&or or other chief officer of fuch port, or to one of them, the certificate fo required to be produced in fuch cafes as aforefaid, the faid fhip or vef-fel (hall be deemed and taken to be a foreigu built (hip or veil'd, to all intents and purpofes whatever.

VL And whereas it is neceflary and highly expedient that the mode heretofore obferved in this kingdom for the regiltvy of (hips and velfels (hould be altered and amended, and that the fame (houid be extended to all (hips and vef-fels whatever, having a deck, or being of the burthen of fifteen tons or upwards, trading into or from any port within this kingdom : be it therefore ena-Rcd, That all and every (hip or vdTel haying a deck, or being o'/the burthen of fifteen tons, or upwards, belonging to any of lii3 Majefly’s fubje&s in this kingdom, and which have not ^been, or (hall not be registered in fouie other port or plac^

All veffth having a deck, or being of 15 tom burthen or upwards Dull b« regi'Urcd as htrun.





The t&entyfcventb Tear of George ilT.

m hklufajefty’s dominions, in purfuance of an aft patted tm the Parliament of Great Britain in the twenty-fixth year of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad for the further in-trtafit and encouragement of Jhipping and navigations (hall frorrf and after the refpeftive times herein Apreffed, be regiftered in manner herein mentioned, and that the perfon or perfons churning property therein fhall caufe the fame to be registered, and fhall obtain a certificate of fuch regiflry from the colleftor or other chief officer of fome port in this kingdom in manner herein directed, and that the form of fuch certificate (hill be as follows, that is to fay, “ in purfuance of an aft pafTed in the twenty-feventh year of the reign 44 of King George the third, entitled, An ad for the fur-44 ther increafe and encouragement of Jhipping and navigation* €€ the names, Occupation and residence of the fubferibing 4< owner or owners having taken and fubferibed the oath *€ required by the faid act, and having fworn, that he (or 44 they) together with (names, occupation, and refidence 44 of the non-fubferibing owners) is (or are) foie owner *4 (or owners) of the fhip or veflfel called the ((hip’s 44 name) of (place to which the vefTel belongs) whereof •f (matter’s name) is at prefent matter, and that the faid 44 flup or vefTel was (when and where built or captured, 44 and the date of condemnation) and (name and cmploy-44 ment of the furveying officer) having certified to us, 44 that the faid fhip or veflel is (whether Britifh or Irifh, 44 or foreign, or Britifh plantation built) has (number of gt decks) decks and (number of mails) mails, that her 44 length from the fore part of the main flem to the after gt part of the flern poll aloft is (number of feet and inches) 44 her breadth at the broadeft part whether above or below 44 the main wales, (number of feet and inches) her height gi between decks (number of feet and inches) if more than 44 one deck, and if not, then the depth of the hold (num-44 her of feet and inches) and admeafures (burthen) tons, gt that (he is. a (kind of veffel, and how built) has (whe« €t any or no gallery) and (kind of head, if any) head, 44 and the faid fubferibing owners having confented and 44 agreed to the above description and admeafurement, and 44 having caufed fufficient fecurity to be given, as is re-44 quired by the faid act, the faid (kind, and name of the 44 vefTel) has been duly regiftered at the port of (name of 44 the port) given under our hands and feals of office at the 44 cuftom houfe in the faid port of (name of the pof*) 44 this (date) day of (name of the month) in the year (words at length.”

VII.	And be it further enacted. That no fuch regiflry fpll hereafter be made or certificate thereof granted by the 3	perfon

Digitized by

Google

7*he twenty-fevcnth Tear of George III.	35$

perfon or perfons herein authorized to make fuch regiftry, A. D. and grant fuch certificate in any other port or place, than 1787. the port or place within this kingdom, to- which fuch (hip Chap. 23. or veflcl (hall properly belong, but that every regiftry and v— certificate granted in any port or place to which any fuch VefTelstobc (hip^or veffel does not properly belong, fhall be utterly null poft^whkh * and void to all intents and pnrpofes, unlefs the officers fay belong, aforefaid, fhall be fpecially authorized and impowered to make fuch regiftry, and grant fuch certificate in any other port, by an order in writing under the hands of the com-mifiioners of his Mpjefty’s revenue in this kingdom, or any three or more of them for the time being, which order the faid commiffioners are hereby authorized and impowered to iflne in manner aforefaid, if they fhall fee fit.

VII T. And be it further enacted, That the port to which £orts to which any (hip or veffel fhall hereafter be deemed and taken to foemed^o b«-belong within the intent and meaning of this act, fhall be, jOI)g and is hereby declared to be the port from, and to which fuch fhip or veffel fhall ufually trade, or (being a new (hip) fhall intend to trade, and at or near which the huf-band or acting and managing owner or owners of fuch fhip or vefftl ufually refides or re fide.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this ad con-	Veflels which

tained, fhall extend or be conftrued to extend, to require nced not hereto be regiftered according to the directions of this ad, any 8	1

fhip or veffel of war, or any other veffel of whatever built the fame may be, or under whatever defeription the fame may fall, being the property of his Majefly or of the royal family, or any of them, or any lighters, barges, boats or veffels, of any built or defeription whatever, ufed folely in rivers, or inland navigation : and it is hereby declared, that no ftiip or veflcl built in any of the colonies of North America, now called the United States of America, during the time thafrany ad or ads of Parliament made in Great Britain, prohibiting trade and intercourfe with thofe colonies, was or were in force, nor any fliip or veflcl which was owned by, or belonged to the fubjeds of the faid United States, or any of the faid Hates refpedively, during the e*-iftence of fuch ads, and not regiftered before the commencement of the fame, is or fhall be intitled to be regifter* ed under this prefent ad, or is or fhall “be intitled to any of the privileges or advantages of a Britifli fhip or veffel, unlefs fuch fhip or veffel fhall have been taken and condemned as lawful prize, or having been flranded fhall have been built or rebuilt and regiftered in the manner heretofore practiced and allowed.

X.	And be it further enaded. That no fubjed of his Pcrfons not Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, whofe ufual refidenee is in ^Briilfh^oc^

Vol. VIII.	Z	any	jrtfh vdfcU.

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-fcvcnth Tear of George III.

No reijiftry nor certificate granted until 6 tli herein taken.

Oath,

any country not under the dominion of his Majcfty, hr* heirs and fuccefTors, (hall be deemed or Intitled during the time he (hall continue fc» to refide, to be the owner in whole or in part of any Britifh or Irifh fhip or vefTel, required and authorized to be regiftered by virtue of this a£t, unlefs he be a member of fome Britifh or Irifh factory, or agent for or partner in any houfe or copartnerfhip a&ually carrying on trade in Great Britain or Ireland.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That no regiftry, (hall from henceforth be made or certificate granted until the following oath be taken and fubferibed before the perfon or perfons herein authorized to make fuch regiftry, and giant fuch certificate refpedlively, (which they are hereby re-fpectively impowered to adminifter) by the owner of fuch {hip or vefTel, if fuch fhip or vefTel is owned by of belongs to one perfon only, or in cafe there fhall be two joint owners then by both of fuch joint owners, if both (hall be refident within twenty miles of the port or place ■where fuch regiftry is required, or by one of fuch owners if one or both of them {hall be refident at a greater diftance from fuch port or place, or if the number of fuch ownersr Or proprietors fhall exceed two, then by the greater part of the number of fuch owners or proprietors, if the greater number of them fhall be refident within twenty miles of fuch port or place as aforefaid, not in any cafe exceeding three of fuch owners or proprietors, or by one of fuch owners or proprietors, if all fhall be refideut at a greater diftance.

I A. B. of (place of refidence and occupation) do make oath) that theflip, or vejfcl (name of port or place) whereof (mailers name) is at prefent maflcry being (kind of built, burthen, et cetera, deferibed in the certificate of the furvey-ing officer) was (when and where built, or if prize, capture, and condemnation) and that I the faid A. B. (and the other owners names and occupations, if any, and where they refpe&ivcly refide, viz. town, place, or pariih, ami county, or if member of, and refident in any factory, in foreign parts, or in aftv foreign town or city, being an agent for, or partner in any houfe or copartnerfhip, a&ually carrying on trade in Gieat Britain or Ireland, the name of fuch fa&ory, foreign towrn, or city, and the names of fuch houfe or copartnerfhip) am (or are) foie owner (or owners) of the faid viffcl, and that no other perfon or perfons whatever hath, or have any right, title, interejU Jhare or property therein or thereto, and that I the faid A. B. (and the faid other owners, if any,) am (or are) truly and bona fide, a fuljeS (or fubje&s) of his Majefly, and that I the faid A B. have ' not, nor have any of the ether owners, to the bejl of my knowledge and belief, taken tie oath of allegiance to any foreignflats wbaii

ever



The twenty-/eventh Tear qf George III.	355

fver (except unddr the terms of fome capitulation, deferib- A. D. ing the particulars thereof) or that face my tiling (or his 1787. or their taking^ the oath of allegiance to, (netting the fo- Chap. 23. reign dates refpe&ively to which he, or any of the faid owners (hall have taken the fame) and prior to the pajfmg of an ail in the twenty /event h year of King George the third, entitled y “An a6t for the further incrcafe and encouragement cf fhippii g and navigation,” I home (or he or they hath, or have) become a fulfil (or fubjedts) cf his Afaje/y,

(either by his Majefty’s letters patent as a denizen or denizens, or naturalized by ati of Parliament, as the cafe maybe, naming the dates of the letters of denization, or the adl or a6h of Parliament for naturalization refpe&ively) or (as the cafe may be) I have (or he or they hath or have) be-tome a dcni%en9 (or denizens, or naturalized fubjedt or fub-jedls, as the cafe may be) of his Mayfly, by his Majefy’s letters patent, or by any a St of Parliament pajfed face the fajl say of January, one tkoufand feven hundred and eighty feven9 (naming the time when fuch letters of denization have been granted refpettively, or the year or years in wrhich fuch adl •r a&s for naturalization have palled refpedlively,) and that no foreigner direSlfy or indireQly, hath any jhare or part9 or interrjl in the faid /hip or vcjfel,

XII.	Provided always, That any oath which fhall have jn ^ot^ee^ed*" been, or may be taken for the foie purpofe of acquiring the oaths of allegi-tights of a citizen or burgher, in any foreign city or town amco.

111 Europe (to be enjoyed during the time that the perfon or perfons making fuch oath fhall refide in fuch v'ity or town, and for a limited time after fuch refidence fhall have expired) fhall not be deemed an oath of allegiance to a foreign Hate within the true intent and meaning of this a£l.

XIII. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the	Addition to

number of joint owners or proprietors of any fhip or velfel	n

fhall amount to three or more, and three or more of fuch ** ^n°anyart* jcynt owuers or proprietors fhall not perfonally attend to take vcflel do nos and fubferibe the oath herein dn edted to be taken and fub- attend, feribed, then, and in fuch cafe, fuch owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, as fhall perfonally attend, and take

and fubferibe the oath aforefaid, fhall furthei make oath, th^t the part owner, or part owners of fuch fhip or veffel then abfent, is or are not refident within twenty miles of fuch port or place, and hath or have not, to the bed of his or their knowledge or belief, wilfully abfented himfelf or themfelves, in order to avoid the taking of the oath herein directed to be taken and ftiblcribed, or is or are prevented by illnefs from attending to take and fubferibe the !aM oath.

XIV.	And ill order to enable the proper officer or offir «crs of the revenue to grant a ceiuficate, truly and accu-Z l	ratcly

' 356

The tiuentyfevenlh Tea of George III.

A. D.

• 1787. Chap. 23.

Vcffels to be care lull y examined before regi tiered.

Perfons appointed to examine veflels giving a falfe defeription, for-k:| cool. &c.

rately deferityng every (hip or vefTcl to be regiftered In pur-fuance of tW act; and alfo to enable all other officers of his Majelly’s revenue, on due examination, to difeover whether any fuch fhip or vetted is the fame with that for which a certificate is allcdged to have been granted : be it enafted* That previous to the regiftry or granting any certificate of regillry as aforefaid, fome one or more proper perfon or perfons appointed by the committioners of the revenue in Ireland for the time being (taking to his or thcii affiftance, if he or thev fhall jndge it necelTary, one or more perfon or perfons (killed in the building and admeafurement of fhips) flxall go on hoard of every fuch fhip or veffel as is to be re-giilered, and (hall (lii<5f 1 y ami accuiately examine and ad-meafure every fuch fhip or veffel as to all and every particular contained in the form of the certificate herein directed, in the prefci’ce of tile matter, or of any other perfon who fhall be appointed for that purpofe, on the part of the owner or owners, or in his or their abfence, by the faid matter, and fhall deliver a true and jull account in writing, cf all fuch particulars of the built, defeription and admea-furement of every fuch fhip or vefTcl as are fpecified in the form of the certificate above recited, to the perfon or perfons who fhall be authorized as aforefaid, to make fuch re-gittry, and giant fuch certificate of regillry; and the faid matter, or othtr perfon attending on the part of the owner or owners, is hereby required to fign his name alfo to the certificate of fuch furveying or examining officer, in teftimony of the truth thereof, provided fuc^ matter, or other perfon, fhall con Cent and agree to the feveral particulars fet forth and de-feribed therein.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if fuch perfon or perlons fo appointed to examine and adraeafure fuch fhips or vdTelsas aforefaid, fhall wilfully deliver to any perfon or perfons authorized to make regillry, and grant certificates of regillry as aforefaid, a falfe defeription of any of the particulars thereby required to be contained in fuch certificate, or if any perfon or perfons herein authorized to make fuch regif-try, and grant fuch certificates of regiftry, fhall knowingly make any falfe regifter, or grant any falfe certificate in regard to any of the particulars required by this prefent aft, he or they on being convi&ed thereof by due courfe of law in any of the courts of record within this kingdom, fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds to his Majelly, his heirs and fucceflors, and be for ever incapable of holding or enjoy#-fog any office or employment ander his Majefty, his heiri and fucceflors.

XVI.	And whereas the officer or officers fo appointed t# examine and admeafure fuch (hips and vcficW at aforefaid,

•	may

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-feventh Tear: of George III.	357

may not always be enabled to caufe fuch (hip or vcfLl to be. A. D. laid on fhore for the purpofe of afccriaining her tonnage:	1787.

an<l whereas it would in fome cafes endanger fuck Hi ip or Chap. 23. veflel fo to do : be it therefore enadted, That in all cafes where it may be neceflary to afeertain the tonnage of any Method of fuch fhips or veflels when afloat, the following method fhall *u when be obferved, viz. drop a plumb line over the ftern of the afl0^t, fhip, and meafure the diftance between fuch line and the a.rcr part of the ljern port at the load water mark, then meafure from the top of the faid plumb line in a parallel direction with the water to a perpendicular point immediately over the load water mark at the fore part of the main flern, fubtradting from fuch mealurement the above diflance, the remainder w'ifl be the fhips extreme length, from which is to be deducted three inches for every foot of the load draught of water for the rake abaft, and alfo three fifths of the fhips breadth for the rake forward, the remainder fliall be elleemed the juft length of the keel, to find the tonnage and the breadth fliall be taken from outfide to outfide ot the plank in the broadeft part of the (hip, either above or below the main wales- exc’ufive of all manner of flieathing or doubling that may be wrought upon the fide of the fhip, then multiplying the length of the keel for tonnage by the breadth fo taken, and that produdl by half the breadth, and dividing by ninety-four, the quotient fliall be deemed the true contents of the tonnage.

XVII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained, Not to alter (ball in any wife be conftrued to alter the manner of admea- mode of admta-furingthe tonnage ofany'fhip or veflel, which has heretofore *urcnleiu» been pra&ifed for the purpofe of afeertaining the light duties, or any other duties or impolls whatever, payable according to the tonnage of any fhip or veffel.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That at the time of Security to be obtaining the certificate of regiflry as aforefaid, fuflicient given by matter fecurity by bond fliall be given to his Majefty, his heirs or and owners of fucceflbrs, by the matter, and fuch of the owners as fhall vc^cls* perfonally attend as is herein required, fuch fecurity to be approved of and taken by the perfon or perfons by this a<ft au.

thorized to make fuch rcgiltry, and grant fuch certificates of regiflry at the port or place in which fuch certificate fhall be granted, in the penalties following, that is to fay, if fuch fhip or veflel fhall be a decked veflel, or be of the burthen of fifteen tons, and not exceeding fifty tons, in the penalty of one hundred pounds, if exceeding the burthen of fifty tons, and not exceeding one hundred tons, in the penalty of three hundred pounds, if exceeding the burthen of one hundred tons, and not exceeding two hundred tons, in the penalty of five hundred, pounds, ii exceeding the burthen.of two hundred

f

I5»

The twentyfevcntb Tear of George III.

condition of the bond.

dred tons, and not exceeding three hundred tons, in the penalty of eight hundred pounds, and if exceeding the burthen of three hundred tons, in the penalty of one thoufand pounds, and the condition of every fuch bond (hall be that fuch certificate (hall not be fold, lent, orotherwife difpofed of, to any perfon or perfons whatever, and that the fame fhall be folely made ufe of for the fervice of the (hip or vcf-fel for which it is granted, and that in cafe fuch (hip’ot veflel (hall be loft or taken by the enemy, burnt or broken up, or otherwife prevented from returning to the port to which (he belongs, the certificate if prefeived (hall be delivered up within one month after the arrival of the mafter in any port or place within his Majefty’s dominions, to the colleger or other chief officer of fuch port or place, or any perfon or perfons authorized by his Majefty to receive the lame, and that if any foreigner or any perfon or perfons for Iris life and benefit, (hall purchase or otherwife become in-tilled to the whole or any part or lhaie of, or any intcreft in fuch (hip or veil'd, and the fame (lull be within the limits of any port within this kingdom, or any port or place in his Majcity’s dominions, then and in fuch cafe the certificate of regiftry, (hall within Itren days aftt r fuch purebafe or transfer of property in fuch fiiip or vcffel be delivered up to the perfon or perfons authorized to make regiftry, and grant certificates of regiftry at fuch port or place refpe&ively, and it fuch (hip or veil'd (hall be in any foreign port when fuch purebafe or transfer of ititered or property (hall ta^e place, then that the fame (hall be delivered up to his Majefty’s con-ful or other chief officer of his Majcltv, reiident atorneareft to fuch foreign port, or if fuch (hip or veil'd (hall be at fea, when fuch purchase or transfer of intereil or property (hall take place; then, that the fame (hall be delivered up to his Majefty’s conful or other chief officer of his Majefty, at the foreign port or place in or at which the mafter or other perfon having the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel fhall firft arrive, after fuch purchafe or transfer of property at fca immediately after his arrival at fuch foreign port; but if fuch mafter or other perfon who-had th? command thereof, at the time of fuch purenafe or transfer of property at fea (hall not arrive al a foreign port, but fhall arrive at fomc port within ibis kingdom, or any port or place in his Ma-jefty’s dominions, then that the fame (hall be delivered up in manner aforei'aid,* within fourteen days after the arrival of fuch (hip or vcfiel, or of the perfon who had the command thereof, in any port within this kingdom, or any port or place in his Majefty’s dominions; and'that if any pafs, commonly called a Mediterranean pafs, (hall have been obtained er procured for any fuch ihip or vdfcl, then and in fuch

caft

The twenty ftvenih Year of George III.	35^

jMife the fame (hall be dcliyercd up at the fame time and in like manner with the certificate of regiftry aforefnid, to the perfon or perfons authorized to receive fuch certificate of re-giflry, who are hereby required forthwith to tranfmit fuch certificates and pafTes to the commiflioners of the rcvei u *, in order that fijeh certificates may by them be cancelk d, and that fuch paTTes may be returned to the lord high admiral of Great Britain and Ireland, for the time being, or to the commiflioners for executing the faid office of lord high admiral, to he by them refpe&ively cancelled.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That the name of any Names of vef-/hip or veftel registered, (hall not be a fterward^ changed, nor fels not tobcal-Jhall any transfer of property to another port be made in any tcrc4*

fuch fhip "or veflel without regiitering fuch fh ip or veflel cle novo, in the manner herein dittoed* and delivering up the former certificate of regiftry to be cancelled, and in cafe there be any alteration of propel ty in the fanie port by the fale	If	property in

one or more fharc or fhares m any flnp or vdlel after the fame f>,ipS flringcd fhall have been registered, fuch alteration of property (hall, there mufl be a and is hereby required to be acknowledged by indorsement rcjjiibry pti the certificate of regiftry before two witneffis, in order to prove that the whole and ’entire property in fuch (hip or veflel, or any part thereof, ihall be fo transferred, (hall refine, or if fuch perfon or perfons ufually refiden, or refide in any country, not linger the domi.uon of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftbrs, but in fome Bntilh or Irifh fa&ory, the name fuch factory of which fuch perfon or perfons is or are a member or members of, if fuch perfon or perfons refides, or refide in any foreign town or city, and is or are not a member or members of fome Britifh or Irifh factory, the name of fuch foreign town or city, where fuch perfon or perfons ufually refides, or refide, and alfo the names of the houfc or copnrtnerfhip In Great Britain or Ireland for or with whom fuch perfon or perfons is or are agent or partner, or agent* or partners, and the perfon or perfons to whom the property of fuch fhip or veflel fhall be fo transferred, or his or their agent fhall alio deliver a copy of fuch indorsement to the perfon or perfons authorized to make regiftry, and grant certificates of regiftry as aforefafd, who are hereby required to caufc a:i entry thereof to be indorfedon the oath r affidavit upon which the original certificate of regiftry of fuch fhip or veflll was obtained, and fhall alfo make a memorandum of the fame in the book of regifters, which is hereby dire&-ed and required to be kept, and fhall forthwith give notice thereof to the commiflioners of the revenue within this kingdom.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed, That when and fo often as the property in any fhip or veflel belonging to any of his

2	Majdiy’g

A. D. 1787. Chap. 23.

Digitized by v^ooQle

When a vef-fel is fold &c. the certificate of

ed, notice (hail be piven, at hereiu.

The twenty-feventh\ Tear of George III.

Majefty’s fubjefts (hall be transferred to any other or other of his Majcfty’s fubjefts in the whole, or in part, the certificate of the regiftry of fiich (hip or veffel lhall be truly and accurately lecited in words at length in the bill, or othei i«-ttrument of fale thereof, and that otherwife fuch bill of fale, or other inftrument of (ale (hall be utterly null and void to he *U inters and purpofcs. recited in bill of aXI. And be it further enabled. That when and io f ile,	often as the matter or other perfon having or taking the

When matter charge or command of any (hip or veflei regiftered in manor^]* chang- ncr herein direfted (liall be changed, the matter or owner of fuch (hip or veffel (hall deliver to the perfon or perlons authorized to make fuch regiftry, and grant fuch certificate of regiftry at the port where fuch change (hall take place, the certificate of regiftry belonging to fuch (hip or veffd, who (hall thereupon tndorfc and fubferibe a memorandum of fuch change, and (hall forthwith give notice of the fame to the proper officer of the port or place where fuch (hip or veffel was laft regiftered purfuant to this aft, who (ball like-wife make a memorandum of the fame in the book of regif-ters, which is hereby directed and required to be kept, and lhall forthwith give notice thereof to the commiffioners of the revenue of this kingdom.

XXII.	And whereas many frauds are committed by the frequent change of names given to (hips and veffcls, and the difficulty of comparing the entry in the book of regiftera herein direfted to be kept by all fuch perfon or perfons as are authorized to legifter (hips and veffels and to grant certificates of the fame with the regifters of which they claim the benefit, ia thereby greatly increafed: be it therefore enafted. That it (hall not be lawful for any owner or owners of any (hip or veffel, to give any name to fuch (hip or veffel, other than that by which (he was firft regiftered m purfuance of this aft; and that the owner or owners of all and every (hip or veffel which (hall be fo regiftered, (hall, within one month from the time of fuch regiftry, paint, or caufe to be painted in white or yellow Roman letters, of length not lefs than four inches, upon a bkek ground, on fome confpicuous part of the ftem, provided there (hall be fufficient fpace for that pur-pofe; but if not then in letters as large as fuch fpace will admit, the name by which fuch (hip or veffel (hall have been regiftered purfuant to this aft, and the port to which (he belongs, in a diftinft and legible manner, and (hall fo keep and preferve the fame \ and that if fuch owner or owners, or matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hijp or veffel, (hall wilfully alter, erafe, obliterate, or in any wife bide or conceal, or caufe or pcocure, or permit the fame to be altered, crafed, obliterated, or in any

wife

Veffers name aot to be altered, &c.

The tnventyfevetUh Tear of George IIL

wire hidden or concealed, unlefs in the cafe of fquare rigged veflels, in time of war, or (hall in any written or printed paper, or other document, deferibe fuch (hip or vefl* 1 by any name other than that by which (he was firft regiftered pur-fuant to this ad, or (hall verbally deferibe, or caufe or procure, or permit fuch (hip or vefiel to be deferibed by any other name to any officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue in the execution of his or their deputy, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch owner or owners, mailer, or other per-fon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or velfel (hall forfeit the fura of one hundred pounds.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled, That every perfon who (hall apply for a certificate of the regiftry of any (hip or vefiel within this kingdom, which (hall be built, or whole building (hall be compleated after the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feveu, (hall, and they are hereby required to produce to the perfon or perfons authorized to grant fuch certificate, a true and full account, under the hand of the builder of fuch (hip or vefiel, of the proper denomination, and of the time when, and the place where fuch lhip or vefiel was built, and alfo an exact account of the tonnage of fuch (hip or vefiel, together with the names of the firft purchafer or purchafers thereof, which account fuch builder is hereby directed and required to give under his hand, on the fame being demanded by fuch perfon. or perfons fo applying for a certificate as aforefaid, and (hall alfo make oath before the perfon or perfons herein authorized to grant fuch certificate, which oath he or they are hereby authorized to adminifter, that the (hip or vefiel fur which fuch certificate is required, is the fame with that which is fo deferibed by the builder as aforefaid,

XXIV.	And be it further cnaded, That if any (hip or vefiel which (hall have been regiftered in this kingdom, according to the provifions of this ad, or in any other part of his Majefty’s dominions, according to the provifions of aiv ad made and pafied in the parliament of treat Britain, in the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An aft for tlx further increafe and encouragement offlapping and navigation, (hall arrive at any port or place of this kingdom, and the mafter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or vefiel (hall make oath, or being a quaker, a folemn affirmation in thcfollowing form,before the officer or officers of the faid port herein authorized to make regiftry, and grant certificates of regiftrv, which officer or officers are hereby authorized to adminifter the lame.

/ A.*

361

A. D.

penalty iool.

Perfons replying lor certificate of try, .hail finr.i:k oTicer with an account as herein.

•*th to bo

made.

If certificate of regi^ry be loft, ami oath mad?,

Digitii * L^ooQle

A. D.

1787. Chap. 33.

Oath.

and feturity given.

a certificate (hall be granted, entitling to fame advantages for that 'toyage as the erigiual.

Tie twenty feventh Tear of George III.

/. A. B. bring the mafter, or having the charge of the Jlnp or vtffei called the (naming the (hip) do /wear, or foie ntnly affirm* that the faidfhip or vejfil has been, as I verily believe, regiftered according to la w, ami that I had a certificate of fuch regiftry granted at the port of (naming tlif port) but that the fame is lofi or mifiaid% and that I cannot find the fetine, and do not know where the fame is> or what is become thereof, and that thefame hath not been, nor Jhall be with i%y privity or knowledge fold or difpofid of to any perfon or perfons whatever, and that I, the deponent or affirmant, and three fourths of the mariners navigating the f aid Jhip or vejfii are his Mafifly’s fulfils, and that the fetid Jhip or vejfiel does no w% >is I verily believe, belong wholly to his Ml fifty's fubjecls, and that no foreigner, directly, or indirectly, to my knowledge or belief, has any Jhare, property, or inter eft therein.	*

And that if the faid mafter, or other perfon navigating the faid (hip or veflei, fhali alfo give good and fuffleient feeurity, in the penalty of five hundred pounds, if the (hip or veflei be of the burthen of one hundred tons, or under, and fo in proportion for every (hip or veflei of a greater burthen, to th^ officer or officeis aforefaid, in his Majcfty’s name, and to hi^ Majefty’s ufe, with condition that the faid (hip or veflei waa duly regiftered according to law, at the port of (naming the port) aud that the certificate of the faid regiftry, if found, (hall be delivered up to the commiflioners of the revenue iii tins kingdom to be cancelled, and that no illegal ufe has been, or (hall be made thereof, and that the (ame has not been, and (hall not be fraudulently difpofed of, and that the laid fhip or veflei does wholly belong to his Majefty’s fub-je&s, and that no foreigner has any (hare, property, or inte-eft therein, the officer or officers aforefaid, (hall in fuch cafe freely, and without fee or reward, give to the faid mafter, or other perfon having the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflei, a certificate, under his or their hands and feals, of bis having given fuch bond, and made fuch oath or affirmation, and thereupon the faid (hip or veflei (hall have liberty to trade (for that voyage only) in the fame manner as if the original certificate of regiftry had been produced, and the faid certificate fo to be given, (hall have the fame force and effeft during the faid voyage only as the original certificate of regiftry, and the officer or officers aforefaid adminiftering the faid oath or affirmation, and taking the faid bond, (hall tranfmit an account thereof to the commiflioners of his Ma-jefty ’8 revenue ; and that if any (hip or veffel (hall arrive in any port or place of this kingdom, with a like certificate, granted by the proper officer or officers of any port or place ia auy other part of his Majefty’s dominions, purfuant to the

provifions

« :ec Google

The twenty-/event k Tear of George III.

provifions of any a& or a&s made and parted in-the parliament -of Great Britain, fuch {hip or veflel lhall be allowed to trade in any port or place in this kingdom, for that voyage 3only, according to the purport of fnch certificate.

XXV And he it further enadted, That if upon the arrival of any fuch fhip or veflel in any port or place of this kingdom to which (he (hall belong, the matter or other per-fon having or taking the charge or command of fuch fhip or yeflU, aged one or more of the owners thereof, (hall make proof to the fatisfadtion of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue upon oath, or in cafe of a quaker, upon folemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation the faid commiflioners, of any of them, is hereby authorized and required to adminifter of the lofs of the certificate of regittry granted to fuch fhip or veflel, and (hall likewife give good and fufficient fecurity in the penalty of five hundred pounds, if the fliip or veflel be of the burthen of one hundred tons, or under, and fo in pro-pertion for every fhip or veflel of a greater burthen, to the colle&or of the port to which fuch fhip or vtflel (hall belong, that the original certificate hath not been, nor fliall be fraudulently difpofed of or ufed contrary to law, and that the fame, when found, {hall bd delivered up to the commiflioners of his Majefty’s revqnue, and the faid commiflioners are hereby required in fucli cafe only, to authorize the proper officers of the port to which fuch fhip or veflel belongs, to regifter the faid fhip or veflel Je novo, and to grant a certificate of regiftry according to the regulations, and in the manner aod form preferibed by. this a£t

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any fhip or veflel, after {he {hall have been regillered, purfuant to the di-re&ions of this a&, fliall in any manner whatever be altered in form ot burthen, by being lengthened or built upon, or {hall be altered from a {loop to a brigantine, or from any one denomination of a vert'd to another, by the mode or method of rigging or fitting, in fuch cafe fuch fhip or veflel (hall be regiftered de nov;, in manner herein required, as foon as Ihe returns to the port to which {he belongs, or to any other port in which {he may be legally regillered by virtue of this adl, on failure whereof, fuch {hip or veflel {hall, to all intents and purpofes, be considered, and deemed, and taken to be a foreign 111 ip or veflel,

XXVII.	And be it fuither cnafted, That the owner or

owners of all fuch {hips and veflels as {hall be taken by any of his Majefty’s {hips or veflel^ of ivar, or by any private, or other {hip or veflel, and condemned as lawful prize in any court of admiralty, fliall, Upon regi lie ring fuch fliip or veflel, before he oiKhcy {hall obtain fuch certificate as afore-laid, produce to the perfons authorised to regiller and grant *	certificates

If on arrival •f any veflel in this kingdom, proof of lots of certificate, fire, ’

a new regi£ try (hall be 4 nude.

Veflcls altered Sec. to be new regiftered^

Proceedings on vtficls taken and condemned as prizes.

-	zed	by	vji

3*54

77.' l-wrnty-fcventh Tc*r of George III.

A. 1).

1787. Chap. z$

From 1 ft Jan. 1787, prixe*% to

pays1- tst cart

A 1F;<* fum to he paid hy vt f-fc!< coi1dtruncd in Britifh colonic* or territories, bcfoit cn-•7>

Certificate! to m nuou where TcITc’s Wilt.

certificates of ivriilry, a certificate of the condemnation of Arch (hip or vefTcl, under the ha ul and feal of the judge of 1 the court in which fuch fhip or vefTcl (hull have been condemned, which certificate fuch judge is hereby required to grant, and alfo a true and exacT account in writing of all the particulars contained in the ccrtrlicate herein fet forth to be made and fubferibed by one or more ikilful perfon orperfons, to be appointed by the court to furvey fuch fhip or vefTcl, and fhall alfo make oath before the faid officer, which he is hereby authorized and required to alminifter, that fuch fhip or vefTcl is the fame vefTcl which is mentioned in the certificate of the judge aforefaid,

XXVIII. And be it enafted, That from and after the firfl day of January, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty feven, fop and upon evety fhip or vefTcl which ihall have keen taken as prize, and brought' into any port or place of this kingdom, and there condemned, the duty of cufloms, being live percent, of her value, and nothing more (hall be pr-id to h:s Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, before fhc fhaD be regiflered in manner herein directed.

XXI V. And be it further cnaded, That upon every fhrp or vefTcl heretofore taken as prize, and condemned and re-giftered in any of the colonies, plantations, ifiands, or territories to Great Britain belonging, or which fhall hereafter be fo taken, condemned, and regiflered therein, a like duty of five pounds per cmiumy on the value thereof (hall be paid to his Majdly, hrs heirs and fucceflors, on her firfl arrival in any port or place of this kingdom, before fhe fhall be admitted to an entry ; aud in all fuch cafes the mailer or owner of fitch fhip or vefTcl fhall produce an exa& and particular account of the fum wnich fuch fhip or vefTel fhall have been fold for, fubjoined to fuch certificate of her regiflry and verified bv the oath of the perfon or perfons who fhall have applied for fuch certificate of regifliy.

XXX And whereas it is ncceflary to diflinguifh in the certificate which fhall hereafter be granted in purfuance of this adl, whether the fhipa or vcffels to be regiflered as. aforefaid, be of the built of Great Britain, or Ireland, Gucnifey, Jerfey, or the Ifle of Man, or the colonies, plantations, ifhmds, or territories to Great Britain belonging, or ol the built of an^ forcig 1 country ; be it ena&ed, That the certificates which fhall hereafter be granted in purfuance of this a<5l, fliall diflinguiih ivY;*her fuch fhips or vef-fels be of the built of Great Britain, Guemfey, Jerfey, the Ifle of Man, or of the built of Ireland, or of the colonies, plantations, iflands or territories aforefjid, or of nuy foreign country, and fhall, if Britifh, Irifii, or plantation built, be •ntitled, <f certificate of Britifh, Ivifh, or Britifh plantation

u regilhy,.



The twenty-Jevemh Tear of George III.

rcgiflry, ” and if fuch (hips be foreign built, fha11 be entitled, certificate of foreign fhips regillry for the European trade, Briti.lt, or Irifh property/* as the cafe may be.

XXXI.	And whereas many foreign built (hips and vcf-fels belonging to, or pretended to belong to his Majefty’s ftibje&s, have by fraudulent contrivances, and under falfe pretences obtained regillers, by virtue of which fuch Blips and velTels are at prelent ufed and employed contrary to the laws now in force, in the trade to and from the colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories in Aha,, Africa, and America to Oreat Britain belonging, and it is therefore expedient and necefTary for detecting the frauds at prefent con»-mitted, and for preventing the fame in future, that all re-gi tiers heretofore granted, flxmld be called in and delivered up to the proper officer to be cancelled, and that new re-giflers of the form herein deferibed fhould be granted in lieu thereof in the manner herein directed, to all fuch Blip* or vefTels as (hall appear to be legally entitled to the fame:

And whereas it is expedient to fpecify and direfl at what time and in what manner all other Blips and vefTels which are not now by law required to he regiftered according to the intent and .meaning of this a£l. and fhould receive certificates according to the form, and in the manner herein di-rc&ed ; be it therefore enabled, That the commiffioners of

the revenue be, and they are hereby authorized and requii- £x.v£n **7 .	.	,	i	it r i	* n niiiTioners of

ed to give publick notice by all Inch ways ana means as revenue that

they (hall judge molt proper and effe&ual, that within a veff U were ra-certain reafonalde time or times as may be beft adapted to g»ft*fed m the diftance of the parts to which the (hips and veflels own- **crc:l>* ed by his Majcfty’s fubjefts fhall refpe&ively belong,to be by them fpecified and publifiud, certificates of regiflry according to the form herein deferibed, will be ready to be granted in manner herein dire&ed to all fuch (hips and veffels as (hall be legally entitled thereunto, and that the owner or	^

owners of eveiy fuch Blip or veflel not heretofore required to be regiftered, (hall on the firft arrival of every fuch Blip or veflel, at the port or place to which (he belongs, within the time afligned in the notice herein dire&ed, caufe fuch Slip or veflel to be regiftered, and (hall obtain a certificate thereof, in manner herein directed, and that the owner or owners of any flap or veflTel which fhall have been heretofore regillcred, fhall in like manner upon the firft arrival of fuch (hip or veflel at the port or place to which fhe belongs, within the time afligned in the notice herein dire&ed, caufe fuck (hip or veflel to be again regiflered, and obtain a certificate thereof, according to the form, and in the manner herein described, and (hall then deliver up the regifter before grant-ad if the fame be not loft or miflaid, and if the fame (hall

' have

Notice to b«

*

Digitized by t^ooQle

ft Montht Notice, (hall be given to lri(h veffels for making a new re-giftry.

Veflel* unavoidably detained, dec, may be regiftered.

Veflel* which (booId be ■egiftesfcd at herein.

not be entitled to privileges. Ik.

The tvxnty-fcvenlh Tear of George III.

have been loft, or miflaid, (hall make oath before the proper officer appointed to regifter, and grant certificates of regift ry, who is hereby authoiized and required to adminifter the fame, that fuch regifter has been loft or miftaid, and (haO give fecurity in manner herein direded in the cafe of registers and certificates de novo.

XXXII. And be it enaded,' That from and after the expiration of fuch time as (hall be afligned by the notice herein directed to be given, twelve calendar months (hall be allowed to all (hips and veflels belonging to any of the ports of tills kingdom to be regiftered, and obtain certificates of legiftry, according to the form, and in the manner hereiH ddcribed, and that all other regifters (hall from thenceforth be utterly null and void, to all intents and purpofes whatever.

XXXIIL Provided nerertheltfs, That in cafe it (hall happen, that any fuch (hip or veflel, from any unavoidable ne-ceffity or reafonable caufe, (hall not return to the port to which (he belongs, within the time herein afligned, it (hall and may be lawful for the commiflioners of the revenue, or any three of them for the time being, and they are hereby required upon proof being made to their fatisfadion, of fuch unavoidable neceflity or reafonable caufe, to admit fuch (hip or vefltl to he regiftered, upon the terms and conditions, and under the regulations and reftridions direded and require ed by this ad, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith (landing.

XXXIV. And be it further enaded, That if any (hip or veflel which by this ad is direded hereafter to be regiftered, or which is direded (inftcad of the regifter now required by law) to take out a new' regifter according to the form and in the manner herein deferibed, (hall arrive at the port to which (he belongs, at the expiration of the time afligned in the notice herein direded, fuch (hip or veflel (hall not be permitted to clear outwards to foreign parts, or coaftways, or to proceed to fea in order to fi(h on the coaft, or for any other purpofe whatever, as a Britilh or Irifti (hip or vef-fel, nor (hall be in any wife entitled to the privileges of a Britifh or Irifti (hip or vefTel, unlefs the owner or owners thereof (hall have obtained a certificate, according to the form, and in the manner by this ad deferibed and direded; and in cafe any- fuch (hip or veffel (hall depart from fach port without beiug regiftered, and without having obtained a certificate as aforefaid, every fuch (hip or veflel ftiall be fubjed to forfeiture, together with all the guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, aud apparel to fuch (hip or veflel belonging.

XXXV.

Digitized by i^.ooQle

%

v The twenty feventh Tear of George III.	$67

XXXV.	And be it further enaded, That if after the ex- A. D. J>iration of the time affigned in the notice herein dire&ed *787. to be given, any (hip or veflel (being fquare-rigged) (hail be Chap, 23. Found in any port within the diftance of twenty leagues by	^

water from the port to which (he belongs, or if any veffel, VcffcU found not being fquare-rigged, be found within any port, other t^c^affi^ned than that to which (he belongs, without having obtained la notice, de-the certificate of regiilry herein direded, it (hall and may ta-ned till fecuri be lawful to and for the principal officer or officers of fuch ty, conditioned ,port, and he and they is and aie hereby required to detain ^VC^CU1* fuch (hip or veflel, until the mafler, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command thereof, (hall, if fuch (hip or veflel (hall not exceed the burthen of fifty tons, give fccu-rity by bond in the penalty of fifty pounds in manner herein direded 5 and if fuch (hip or veil'd (hall exceed the burthen of fifty tons, and (hall not exceed that of one hundred tons, then until'the mailer, or other perfon having, or taking the charge ©r command thereof, (hall in like manner jrive fecurity by bond in the penalty of one hundred pounds, and if fuch (hip or veflel (hall exceed the burthen of* onrhundred tons, then until the mafter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command thereof, (hall, together with one Sufficient fecurity (to be approved by fuch principal officer ©r officers) give bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucccflbi's, to be taken by fuch officer or officers in the penalty of two hundred pounds, with condition, that fuch mafter, or other perfon, fo having or taking the charge or command of every fuch (hip or veflel, (hall repair with her, as foon as conveniently may be, to the port to which (he belongs, and there eaufe her to he regillered, and procure a certificate of fuch regiftry in the form and manner herein direded, and produce 2nd deliver to fnch officer or officers, fuch certificate of regiftry, within the time limited in the condition of fuch bond, which limitation of time, fuch officer or officers is and are hereby authorized, to fix according to the dillance which fuch (hip or veflel may be from the port to which (he belongs, and the nature of the voyage in which (he then may be engaged, and on failure of producing and delivering fuch certificate as aforefaid, fuch bond (hall be forfeited ; but if fuch certificate (hall he produced and delivered to fuch officer oV officers within the time fo limited in the bond, fuch bond (hall be void and of none effed, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required to cancel the fame; and in cafe any fquare-rigged /hip or veflel, after the commencement of the time afligned in the notice aforefaid, (hall be found in any port diftant more than twenty leagues by water from the port to which (he belongs, or that the water at the entrance of the port to which fuch (hip or veflel belongs

♦



A. D- ftaH be fo (hallow, at not to admit her entrance into the 1787. fame, without endangering ihe fafety of filch (hip or vefTd, Chap. 23. the maftcr or other perfon having the charge or command

------ of fuch (hip or veffel, (hal within forty-eight hours after his

arrival at fuch port as aforefaid, make known his arrival to the colle&or or other chief officer refident at fuch port, and {hall require fuch colle&or or other chief officer to caufe his (hip or veffel to be furveyed by the proper officer at fuch port, who (hall be appointed purfuant to the directions of this a& to furvey (hips and vtffels there, and who (hall accordingly mak£ a peife& and accurate furvey thereof, and certify the feveral particulars thereof in like manner as is herein dire&ed, and fuch colle&or and comptroller, or other principal officer (hall immediately tranfmit the faid certificate of furvey to the perfons authorized to regifter (hips and veflels, and grant certificates of regiftry at the port to which fuch (hip or veffel belongs, who thereupon, and upon all the other requifites of this act being complied with, (hall regif* ter fuch (hip or veffel, and grant a certificate of the regiftry thereof purfuant to this a& ; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the colle&or or other chief officer refident at the port where fuch (hip or veffel (hall be fo found, and he or they arc hereby authorized and required to detain fuch (hip or veffel until a perfect and accurate furvey thereof (hall be made in manner herein directed.

Certificate of XXXVI. And be it further ena3ed, That after the expi* 'regiftry to be ration of the time affigned in the notice aforefaid, the maftcr produced to the or other perfon having or taking the charge 01 command of proper officer, every (hip or veflel which (hall have been regiftered, and (hall have procured a certificate of the regiftry according to the directions of this act, (hall upon Semand, produce fuch certificate of regiftry to the principal officer or officers of every port in his Majefty’s dominions, or to his Majefty's confulor chief officer in any foreign port'in which fuch (hip or veffel (hall arrive, for the infpection of fuch conful, officer or officers, in order to fatisfy bim or them, that (he has been Penalty 1O0I. ’property regiftered, under the penalty of one hundred pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the proper Regifters and officer at every port and place where regifters and certifi-•crtificatn 1,6 cates (hall be granted in purfuance of this act, (hall progref-wem ereo, c.	num|)er	the feme, as they (hall be feverally granted,

beginning fuch progreffive numeration, at the commence* ment of each and every year, and (hall enter an exact copy of every fuch certificate, with the number thereof, in a book to be kept for that purpofe, and (hall alfo forthwith, or within one month at the fartheft, tranfmit to the comr miffionen of the revenue in this kingdom a true and exact

copy



The twenty fevent h Tear of George III.	369

copy, together with the number of every certificate, which fhall be by him fo granted, and that if any fuch officer or officers (hall ncglefk or refufe fo to do, he or they fo offending, (hall for the firft offence forfeit the fuin of one hundred pounds, and (hall for the fecond offence forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and be difmiffcd from his or their office or offices.

XXXVIII. And be it further ena&ed. That in lieu of all fees and perquifites now payable to any perfon or perfons, on the regiftry of any (hip or veffel fo built, before the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, there (hall be paid, on the firft regiftry of every (hip or veffel which (hall be regiftered purftiant to this act, the following fums, by-way of fees or perquifites, and no more, that is to fay, by all (hips or veffcls decked, or of the burthen of fifteen tons, and not exceeding fifty tons, the fum of one (hilling and fix-pence, and no more, and by all (hips or veffcls exceeding fifty tons, and not exceeding oue hundred tons, the fum of two (hillings and fix pence, and no more, and by all (hips or veffcls exceeding one hundred tons, and not exceeding two hundred tons, the fum of three ^hillings and fix pence, and no more, and by all (hips or veffels exceeding two hundred tons, the fum of five (hillings, and no more, which feveral fums (hall be payable to fuch officers re-fpe&ively, in the fame (hares and proportions in which the fums now payable are diftributed, and that the like fees and perquifites refpe&ively (hall be paid upon the regiftry of, or transfer of property in any (hip or veffel, after the fame (hall have been regiftered in manner herein dire&ed.

, XXXIX. And be it further ena&ed. That if any peifon or perfons authorized and required by this a&, in refpeft of his or their office or offices, to perform any a& or thing dire&ed and required to be done or perfonped, purfuant to any of the provifions of this a£t, fhall wilfully negle6t or refufe to do or perform the fame, according fo the true intent and meaning of this a&, every fuch perfon fo negle&ing or refufing (hall, on being duly convi&ed thereof, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds to his Majefty, hi*3 heirs and fucceffors, and for the fecond offence (hall forfeit in like manner the fum of five hundred pounds to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and (hall from thenceforth be rendered incapable of ferving his Majefty in any office or employment relative to the revenue, or in any civil capacity whatever.

XL. And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon or perfons (hall knowingly and wilfully, falfely make oath to any of the matters herein required to be fo verified, fuch

Vol.VIII.	A a	perfon

A. D.

1787. Chap. 23.

Fees for i<-giftcring.

Penalty'en perfons not pet forming the matters hereby requited.

*

Penalty on fwcaring fa IF 7, &c.

Digitized by Google

3y#	The	twentjfcventh Tear of George III.

A. D.	per Ton or perfons (hall fuffer the like pains and penalties as

1787.	are incurred by perfons committing wilful and corrupt per-

Chap. 23.	jury ; and that if any perfon or perfons (hall counterfeit,

erafe, alter, or falflfy any certificate required or direded to be obtained by this ad, or (hall knowingly or wilfully make ufe of any certificate fo counterfeited, erafed, altered, or falfified, fuch perfon, or perfons (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds.

Penalties,	XL I. And be it further enaded. That all the penalties

how to be re-	and forfeitures in Aided and incurred by this ad (except in

CrS^ “,d ap"	cafe® where it is herein otherwife provided) (hall and may

**1	be fued, profecuted, and recovered by adion or information,

in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Dublin; and that the officer or officers concerned in feizures or piofccu-tions under this ad, (hall be entitled to, and receive the (ame (hare of the? produce arifing from fuch feizures as in the cafe of feizure for unlawful importation, and to fuch (hare of the produce arifing from any pecuniary fine or penalty for any offence againft this ad, as any officer or officers is or are now by any law or regulation entitled to upon profecutions for pecuniary penalties Britife veffcls XLII. And be it further enaded, That the (hips and entitled to fame veffels which now belong, or (hall hereafter belong to his iri(hnta*ei ”	Majefty’s fubjeds redding in Great Britain, or in any of

the dominions thereunto belonging, being duly qualified and regiftered according to the provifions of an ad made and paffed in the parliament of Great Britain, in the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An a& for the further enereafe and encouragement ofjbtpping and navi* gation, (hall continue to enjoy all the benefits and advantages within this kingdom to which any (hip or veffel will be entitled, that (hall hereafter be regiftered by virtue of this ad, in as full and ample a manner as if fuch (hip and veffel belonged to his Majefty’s fubjeds redding in this kingdom, and was duly regiftered according to the provifions of this ad 1 any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof aotwithftanding.

*

CHAP.

Digitized by v^ooQle

The twenty feventb Tear of George III*

CHAP. XXV.

37i

A. D. 1787.

jin A3 for promoting the Improvement of Porte and Harbours Aminded 30 in this Kingdom,	G. j. c 2%.

FOR the more fpeedy-improvement of ports and harbours in this kingdom, for the prefervation and inw provement of which certain duties and rates have been granted to perfons incorporated for fiich purpofe : be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent M ijelly, by and with the ad- . vice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That upon application of any Debentures fuch corporation as aforeiaid, under their common fcal, to may be iffued his grace the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or for raifing xno-governors of this kV.gdom for the time being, representing ** herein, the neceffity of railing a fum of money for e purpofe of carrying on fuch works as aforefaid, if the l'aic io-d lieute-naot or other chief governor or, governors of this kingdom,	s

for the time being, fhall think proper to confent that fuch fum be raifed, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors A this kingdom, for the time being, to dire£I, that debentures bearing interefl; at a rate not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum, be ifTued for the fame in manner as by this adt is dire&ed.

II.	Provided always, That no greater fum than ten thou- Not to exceed fand pounds in the whole fhall be raifed by virtue of this |0>oook act, nor fhall debentures be ifTued by virtue of this act for. any fum or fums, exceeding in the whole the fum of ten thoafand pounds.

III.	And be it enabled, That for fo much of the faid intereft to be fum of ten thoufaud pounds as fhall be adlually paid by any paid St tiictrea-perfon or perfons, into his Majefly’s treafury, at the indance fury, of his grace the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, upon loan by debentures, there fhall be pai<S at the receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer, by the hands of the vicc-treafurer, paymafter or paymaflers general, his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of every fix calendar months, to the per-fon or perfons fo paying or lending the fame, his, her, or their executors, adminiflrators, or afligns, fuch interefl, not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and to commence from fuch time fubfequertt to th^ twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, as (hall be appointed by his grace the A a a	lard

Debentures to be tj[iven for money paid.

Said fums paid to the cor-' poration.

Tht !~Lin*j-Jcvtrilh Tear tf George III.

lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, without any fee or charge, and free from all dedu&ions, defalcations, or abatements whatfoever, until fuch time as they (hall be paid their principal money at one entire payment.

IV.	And be it enabled, That a debenture or receipt for every Ann fo to be paid bearing fuch intered as aforefaid, (hall be given by the proper officers of his Maje(ly,s trea-fury for all and every fuch Aim and Aims of money, as (hall be fo railed and paid into the receipt of his Majdly’s exchequer, in like manner as hath been ufually done, in cafes where principal Aims have been heretofore borrowed on loan by debenture, and the faid debentures or receipts fo to be given, (hall be numbered in arithmetical progreffion, until I he whole (hall be numbered.

V.	And be it enabled, That fo foon as the faid Aim of ten tlioufand pounds, or fuch part or parts thereof as (hall from time to time be raifed, (hall be paid into the receipt of his Majdty’s exchequer, the vice-treafurer or vice-treafurcrs, pay mailer or paymailers general, his or their deputy or deputies (hall pay over the fame to the corporation or corpo-

*	rations for preferving and improving any port or harbour, at

whofe indance in manner aforefaid, fuch fum or fums refpec-tively were raifed, to be applied by fuch corporation or oor-pojrations refpe&ively for the faid purpofes.

Duties and VI. And be it enadled, That all rates and,duties grant-funds arifing, ed, and funds arifiug to any fuch corporation as aforefaid,-meinfof faFd in- to w^lom the ^ai<^ ^lim ten thoufand pounds, or any part tereft till the	or parts thereof (hall refpe&ively have been paid as aforefaid,

principal is	(hall be	fubje& to and chargeable with the payment of the

priri-	Altered	of the faid ten thoufand pounds, or of fo much

'	thereof	as (hall have been fo paid to fuch corporation respec-

tively, until the faid fum, or fo much thereof as (hall be raifed as aforefaid, be paid off by the corporation which (hall have received the fame.

VII. And in order to enable the vice-treafurer or vice-treafurers, paymader or paymaders general, his or their de-, puty or deputies to pay the Altered of the faid fum of ten •	thoufand	pounds,	or	fo	much thereof as (hall be fo raifed

Intered to be as aforefaid : be it enaded. That every fuch corporation as yaidhalf yearly, aforefaid which (hall have received any part or parts of the faid ten thoufand pounds (hall well and truly pay, or caufc to be paid into his Majedy’s treafury, on every twenty-third day of June and twenty-fourth day of December in each year, a fum equal to the amount of the half yearly . intereid at the rate aforefaid, payable on the faid ten thoufand pounds, or fo much thereof as (hall have been paid to any fuch corporation as aforefaid, until the (aid principal

fum

Digitized by L 3Qle

7he twenty feventh Tear of George III.

fum, or fo much thereof as fhall he paid to any .corporation as aforefaid, fhall be paid off and difeharged by fuch corporation.

VIII.	And be it enaded, That no part of the faid fum of ten thoufand pounds fhall be paid to any corporation whofe funds do not produce the yearly fum of four corP°rat,onto thoufand pounds: and that every fuch corporation fhall yearly^&c. * annually appropriate a fum after the rate of two pounds

per centum per ^nnum, for the fum fo raifed upon debentures over and above all interefl of fuch fum, as a finking fund for the purpofe of dilcharging the* principal fo advanced.

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Pilots to b« That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any corporation, appointed, or number of perfons who aie empowered by any law now

in force to ered a ballad office in any city, town, or county of a town, in this kingdom, to ered an office in any of the faid cities, towns, or counties of towns refpedively, for appointing a * fufficient number of fkilful pilots to take charge of fhips or vefTels trading to the ports of any of the faid cities, towns, or countits of town? refpedively, and to make and enforce fuch regulations refpeding the appointment and condud of fuch pilots as are authorized by any law now in force refpeding the harbour and port of Dublin.

X.	Provided always. That nothing contained in this ad, salaries to fhall extend* or be confirmed to extend to compel any cor- pilots, poration, or any number of perfons hereby authorized to

ered pilot offices, to allow the fame falaries, rates, or wages to pilots in the ports of the faid cities, town?, or counties of towns refpedively, as are allowed to pilots by any law now in force refpeding the regulation or appointment of pilots in the harbour or port of Dublin, but that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporations, or perfons fo authorized, to appoint fuch falaries, rates, or wages for pilots in the refpedive ports as to them fhall feem meet.	.	f

XI.	And be it enaded, That neither the fix pence per j*0 fe to pound, nor any other fee, (hall be payable to, nor be de- vice treafcrer, d tided or received by the vice-treafurer ‘or vice-treafurers, &c* receiver, or pay matter general, clerk of the pells, or any

other officer or officers of this kingdom for or on account of the receipt or payment of any fum or fums of money to be received and paid by virtue of this ad.

Funds of the

chap;

. gitized by LiOOQle

The twenty feventh Tear of George 111.

CHAP. XXVII.

An AS to prevent the forging, fellings or otherwife improper// difpoftng of Mediterranean Paffes.

WHEREAS in conformity to certain treaties between his Majefty and the feveral dates and governments of Barbary, paffes of a certain form are to be granted, under the hand and fcal of the lord high admiral of Great Britain and Ireland, or of the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, and fuch paffes have, from time to time, been iffued under certain rules and regulations, and are commonly called Mediterranean paffes : and whereas it is neceffary, to the due obfervance of the treaties aforefaid, that the paffes, commonly called Mediterranean paffes, (hould not be fold, or otherwife improperly difpofed or made ufe of by perfons obtaining the fame, and (hould not be forged or counterfeited, or in any manner obliterated, altered or falfified ; and whereas the offences of counterfeiting, erafing, and altering fuch paffes, being frequently committed in foreign parts, are not triable or cognizable in any court of Ireland ; be it therefore enaded by the King** mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this Perfons ob- prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the tuning Medi- fame. That no pafs, called a Mediterranean pafs, ffiall be terranean paffes, iffued to the mailer of any (hip or veffel belonging to hia to give bonds Majefty’s fubjeds of Ireland, unlefs fuch matter, with two as herein. fufficient fureties or the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veffel, or any two of them, (hall have given bond to his Majefty, liis heirs and fucceffors, in the fum of five hundred pounds, if fuch (hip or veffel be under the burthen of one hundred tons, and in the fum of two hundred pounds* if fuch (hip or veffel be of the burthen of one hundred tons or more, conditioned that fuch matter cl fuel) fLp cr \e£-fel, or any perfon who (hall fucceed him as matter cf fuch (hip or veffel, (hall not difpofe of, or fell or lend fuch pafs to any perfon, or otherwife fuffer the fame to be made ufe of for the benefit or protedion of any other (hip or veffel, as alfo conditioned that fuch matter, or in cafe of his death or inability, the perfon who (hall fucceed him as aforefaid, (hail after his return to this kingdom, on £he demand of the chief officer of any port in this kingdom, deliver fuch pafs tp fuch officer.

II.

t

Digitized by Google

The twenty fevent b Tear of George III.	375

II.	And be it ena&ed, That if any perfon or perfons A. D. fhall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be fotged 17^7* or counterfeited, or (hall be aiding and affifling in forging Chap. 27. or counterfeiting, or caufing to be forged or counterfeited any pafs or pafles, commonly called a Mediterranean pafs, . Pci*°“* for any (hip or (hips, with intent that fuch forged or coun-	any *

terfeited pafs or pafles (hall be made ufe of, to procure any fuch pafs, &c. perfon or perfons whatfoever, any benefit or advantage be- penalty as here, longing to any pafs or pafles, commonly called Mediterra- m* nean pafles, or /hall utter, publifli, or make ufe of the fame, knowing. the fame to be forged and counterfeited, or (hall counterfeit the feal of office under which fuch pafles as aforefaid are authorized by his Majefly to be granted, or the hand-writing of any perfon or perfons authorized by his ■Majefly to grant fuch pafles, commonly called Mediterranean pafles, and to fubferibe the fame, or (hall utter and publifli the fame, knowing fuch feal as aforefiud, of fuch hand-writing as aforefiud, to be forged and counterfeited, or if any perfon or perfons (hall in any manner erafe, obliterate, alter or falfify any pafs or pafles, commonly called a Mediterranean pafs, or any part thereof, or (hall caufe any fuch pafs or pafles as aforefaid, or any part thereof, to be in any manner erafed, obliterated, altered or falfifled, or (hall be aiding or affifling in ending, obliterating, altering, or jalfifying, or cauflng to be erafed, obliterated, altered, or falflfied, fuch pafs or pafles as aforefaid, with intent to procure to him or themfelves or to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, any benefit and advantage belonging to pafles, commonly called Mediterranean pafles, or (hall utter, pub* li(h, or make ufe of the fame, knowing the lame to have been erafed, obliterated, altered, or falflfied as aforefiud, all and every perfon or perfons who (hall be convi&ed of any of the oflences aforefaid, by due courfe of law, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fufler death as a felon, without benefit of clergy, and that all and every the crimes and offences aforefaid, (hall and may be enquired of, tried, heard, determined, and adjudged in his Majefty’s court of King’s bench, or in any county of this kingdom, by virtue of the King’s commiffion, or commiffions of Oyer and Terminer and gaol delivery, in the fame manner as if fuch offence and offences was or were committed within the lame county where fuch offender or offenders (hall be tried*

CHAP.

Digitized by L.ooQle

31*

A D.

The tvoenly-feventh Tear of George III. CHAP. XXVIII.

An A8 for regulating the ProduQion of Mar\ifrjls9 and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Prad'tces in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandcjline re-landing of Goods•

WHEREAS the better regulating the produ&ion of manifefts, would be advantageous to commerce^ and the preventing the clantjeftine importation and exportation of prohibited goods, and the re-landing of goods (hipped for exportation, on bounty or drawback, would be beneficial to the fair trader; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority No good* of the fame. That from and after the times herein after (hall be import- mentioned, no goods or commodities (hall be imported or the^ca1 ^unlefs* brought into this kingdom, from any port or place beyond there be a raa- the ^ea9» *n any fhip or veflel whatever, belonging in the nifeft on board, whole or in part to his Majefty’s fubje&s, unlfeUthe mafter, « herein. or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of every fuch (hip or veflel refpe&ively importing fuch goods, (hall have on board a manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing, figned by fuch mafter, or other perfon, containing the name or names of the feveral and refpe&ive ports or places, where the goods in fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents mentioned, (hall have been refpe&ively laden or taken on board fuch (hip or veflel, the name .and built of fuch (hip or veflel, and the true admea-furement or tcymage thereof, according to the^ regifter of the fame, together with the name and fumame'of the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, and the port or place to which fuch (hip or veflel truly belongs, and a juft, true, corre&, and particular account of all the cargo, and of all packages of goods fo laden or taken on board, with the feveral and refpe&ive marks thereon, and of the particulars of the cargo, which (hall be ftrewed loofc, and of the following particulars, in words at length, that is to lay, the feveral and refpe&ive numbers of the packages, with a particular „	” defeription thereof, whether leaguer, pipe, butt, puncheon,

koglhead, ban el, or other calk or package, deferibing fuch other calk or package by its ufual or ordinary name, or whether cafe, bale, pack, trufs, cheft, box, bundle, or

other

Digitized, by

cTbe twenty fcventh Tear of George 1 11.

other package, or by fucb other natae or defeription as the feme is ufually called or known.

II.	And be it further enadled, That no wine of any fort (hall be imported or brought into this kingdom, from any port or place whatever in foreign parts, not belonging to, or under the dominion of the crown of Great Britain, in any (hip or veflel whatever, unlefs the mailer, or other per-fon having or taking the charge or command of the (hip or ▼effel in which fuch wine fhall be laden, (hall have on board, in like manner, a, manifeft or matiifefts, or content or contents in writing, made out and figned by fuch mailer, or other perfon, on or before the clearing or departure of every fuch fhip or velfel, from every fuch port or place where fuch wine (hall have been laden on board, containing the name of the feveral and refpedlive ports or places where the wine mentioned in fuch manifeft or manifelts, or content or contents, (hall have been (o refpedlively laden or taken on board, the name and built of fuch (hip or veflel, and the true admeasurement or tonnage thereof, together with the name and fumame of the mailer, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch Jhip or veflel, and the port or place to which fuch fhip or veflel truly belongs, and a juft, true, corredl, and particular account of the whole quantity of wine, diftingtiiftung the quantity of each different kind, fo taken on board as aforefaid, and of the feveral and refpedlive marks upon the different packages refpedlively, and if known, the names of the pertbns to whom the wines are refpedlively conligned, and alfo, in words at length, the feveral and refpedlive numbers of the packages, with a particular defeription thereof, whether leaguer, pipe, butt, puncheon, hoglhead, barrel, or other calk or package, or by what name or defeription fuch other cafk or package may be ufually called or known*

III.	Provided always. That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to permit %any goods or commodities whatever, which are now by law required to be accompanied with certificates or other documents, to be imported into this kingdom, without every fuch certificate or certificates, or other document or documents fo (required, but the fame (hall and are hereby dire died and required to b; accompanied, as well with fuch certificate, or other document, as with the manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents herein dire&ed, and on failure thereof, the goods (hall refpedlively continue to he liable to all the duties, regulations, and reftri&ipns, and to the fines, penalties, and forfeitufes, in all refpefts to which the fame - are or (hall be fubjedt and liable by law, as if this adt had not been made.

'	IV- A*d

wine to to inn pcccd, welds

tlu re be a manifeft, trc. an herein

Not to permit goods required to have certificates. Sec. to be imported without fuch.

Digitized by kjOOQle

Bcfoic VC (Tela are clei; ed out for thi> king-dc in, the maf-tcr flia.ll deliver the manifeft as hetcin required, &C.

Matters of vtiflels import-lug wine% to make oath of the truth of the manifett, as herein.

The tvjenty-fevent b Tear of George III.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That before any (hip or veflel (hall be cleared out for this kingdom, with any goods or commodities whatever, from any port or place, in any colony, plantation, ifland, or territory in foreign parts, belonging to, or under the dominion of the crown of Great Britain, the maftcr, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of every fuch (hip or veflel, (hall deliver the manifeft or content in writing, herein required, to the colle&or of the cuftoms, if there be fuch ao officer at or near to fuch place, and if there (hall not be a colle&or of the cuftoms there, then to the chief officer of the cuftoms, and if there (hall not be an officer of the cuftoms there, then to the principal officer or magi ft rate, or fome other perfon by him fpecially appointed for that purpofc, refident at, or neareft to fuch place, which faid coile&or, or other chief officer or magillrate, or other perfon by him appointed as aforefaid, (hall rdpe&ively caufe a duplicate thereof to be forthwith made, and (hall endorfe upon the original manifeft or content his name, with the day and year on which the lame wus -produced to fuch colle&or, or other chief officer or magiftrate, or other perfon by him appointed as aforefaid, and (hall then return the faid original manifeft or content to the faid mailer, or other perfon, on or before the clearing of any fuch (hip or veflel, and fuch mailer or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch fhip or veflel, (hall procure from fuch colle&or , or other chief officer or magiftrate, a duplicate of fuch manifeft or content fo made, as by this a& dire&td, under his hand and feal, in order that the fame may be tranfmitted to the eolle&or or chief officer of the revenue, at the port in this kingdom to which the goods are configned, and to which the manifdU rcfpe&ively refer.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That no fort of wine (hall be admitted to an entry on the importation thereof into this kingdom, in any (hip or veflel whatever, from any port or place beyond the feas, not belonging to or under the dominion of the crown of Great Britain, unlefs the matter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of every (hip or veflel importing the fame, (hall before his departure from the port or place, where fuch wine is (hipped or laden on board, verify upon oath, the truth of the contents of the faid manifeft or manifefts, in refpe& of the faid wine, before his Majefty’s conful, or chief officer, if his Majcfty (hall have any fuch refident at or near the port ot place, where fuch wine (hall be laden or taken on board, which oath the faid confuls, or other officers, arc hereby re-fpectively authorized and required to adminifter.

Vt. And be it further enabled. That if any goods (hall be imported or brought into this kingdom in any (hip, or

vefle



&

Digitized by

G

\

*Tbc tnveiity-fevcnth Year of George I!J.	379

veflel whatever belonging in the whole, or in part to his A. D. Majefty’s fubje&s, from any port or place whatever in 1787. foreign parts, without fuch manifeft or manifefts, or con- Chap. 28. tent or contents in writing, or if any fuch goods (hall not be included and deferibed therein, or (hall not agree there- Good* ini-with, or if any wine (hall be imported, or brought into this j^cdn™™s kingdom by any fuch (hip or veflel, without a manifeft or without mani-manifefts, content or contents fo verified as aforefaid, in feft.fcc. p«*na!ry every fuch cafe the mailer or other perfon having or taking 85 herein, the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, fliall forfeit a fum of money equal to double the value of fuch goods, together with the full duties payable on the fame, and every fuch (hip or veflel may be detained until the faid penalties (hall be paid or fecured.

Vli. And be it further ena&ed, That every matter, com- Maftcr of tnandcr, or other perfon or perfons taking charge of any veflU with to-fhip or veflel, having tobacco which (hall have been loaden	ir<

on board at any port or place whatfoever in Great Britain, ^c^‘to deJiv‘.* or any of hisMajefty’3 plantations in America, or the Weil'the manifeft to Indies, fhall upon his arrival at his port of difeharge in this the collector, kingdom, and at the time tha* he makes his report of his as *,crun‘

(hip at the cuftomhoufe, deliver to the colle&or of the faid port, who is hereby required, and directed to deliver the fame to the land-waiters appointed for the delivery of fuch (hip or veflel, the manifeft or content of the lading of his (hip or veffel, which he received from the colle&or, comptroller, or other officer of the cuftoms, at the port or other place where he took in his lading; and if any mallei', commander, or other perfon or perfons, taking charge of any fuch (hip or veflel, fliall negledl -or refufe to deliver fuch manifeft or content to the collector of the port, at the time he makes his leport of his (hip at the cuftom houfe at the port of his difeharge, he and they (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and it fliall and may he lawful for any officer of the revenue to feizc and detain fuch (hip until the (aid fum of one hundred pounds fhall be paid; and all fuch tobacco fo imported or brought into this kingdom, fliall he fubjeft and liable to the fame duties as tobacco not of the growth or produce of Great Britain, North America, or the Britifh plantations.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That every mailer, or Mailer* of other perfon having or taking the charge or command of velTcls a» afore* any (hip or veflel belonging in the whole, or in part to his widuii'4 le!i^uu Majefty’s fubjcdls, la~den with goods as aforefaid, and hound Df thecouft, to any port or place in this kingdom, (hall on his arrival, (hall produce within four leagues of the coaft thereof upon demand, pro-duce all and every fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing) which fuch mailer or other perfon is by a* herein?

this

Digitized by LrOOQle

"The twenty /eventh Tear of George III

this a& diretled and required to have on hoard hi*? faid flupi or veflel, to fuch officer or officers of his Majtfty Vcuftoms or excife as (hall firft come on hoard his faid (hip or vdTel, for his or their examination and infpeftion, and (hall deliver to fuch officer or officers a true copy thereof refpe&ivdy, which copy (hall be provided and fubferibed by the faid maf-ter qr other perfon, having or taking tire charge or corn-inand of fuch (hip or veflel, and that the feveral and refpec-tive officers to whom the original manifefl (hall have been (b produced, (hall certify upon the back thereof, jthat the fame was produced, and alfo the day and year on which the fame was fo produced, and that fuch copy or copies as aforefaid* were to him or them delivered, and (hall likewift certify upon the back of fuch copy or copies the day and year on which the fame was or were produced, and (hall forthwith tranfmit fuch copy or copies to the refpective collectors, or other chief officers of the feveral ports, to \vhich the goods by fuch manifeft or manifefls fball appear refpe^tivcly to be configned, and that the (aid mafter or other perfon fo having or taking the charge of command of any fuch (hip or veil'd, (hall in like manner produce to the officer or officers of his Ma-jefty’s cuftoms or excife who (hall firft come on board fuch (hip or veflel, upon her arrival within the limits of any poit of this kingdom in which the cargo, or any part thereof is intended frn be discharged or landed, fuch manifeft or mani-fefts, or content or contents in writing asafbrefaid, and (hall alfo deliver to him or them a true copy or copies thereof, fuch copy or copies alfo to be provided and fubferibed by the faid mafter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, the production of which faid manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing, and the delivery of fuch copy or copies thereof to be delivered as is by this aft direfted, (hall alfo be certified to have been fo produced and delivered as aforefaid by the faid officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms or excife, who (hall fo firft come fin board the faid (hip or veffcl on her arrival within the limits of any fuch port upon the back of the faid original manifeft or manifeits, or content or contents in writing, with the particular day and year, and the time when fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing was or were produced to fuch officer or officers, and when he or they fo received the faid copy or copies thereof, and fuch officers are hereby refpe&ively required forthwith to tranfmit, or caufc to be tranfrnitted, the faid copy or copies of the faid manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing to the collcd-or or other chief officer of that port.

IX.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained, (hail be conftrued to extend to require of fuch mafter, or

other

The twcnty-feventb Tear of Gporgc III.

381

No more

other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, the delivery of more than one copy of the manifeft or manifefts, content or contents refpe&ively, which he is hereby dire&ed to have on board to the officer 01 officers-aforefaid, who (hall fir (I come on board of fuch (hip or veflel within four leagues of the coalt of this kingdom, and of l”an?refl < Py to none other who (hall afterwards come on board within the neca be deliver-diftance aforefaid, and one other copy to fuch officer pr ed to the offi-officers as fhall fir (I come on board within the limits of any ccrs-port in this kingdom, and to none other who (hall afterwards come on board within fuch limits, if fuch mafler or other perfon fo having or taking the charge or command of any fuch (hip or veflel (hall produce to fuch officer or officers refpe&ively, his manifeft or manifefts, content or contents, with a certificate on the back thereof as aforefaid.

X.	Provided alfo, That if any manifeft or content herein The coHeaor dire&ed to be delivered up to the colledlor or other chief of- to certify where ficerof any port where fuch (hip or veflel arrives, (hall con- goods have been tain an account of goods not there to be landed, but which *andc<^

iliall appear to be coniigned to fome other port or place in this kingdom, then and in fuch cafe, that the faid colle&or or other chief officer (hall certify upon fuch manifeft under 2iis or their hands, fuch part of the cargo as fhall there have been delivered, and (hall then deliver back the original ma-nifeft to the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of the (hip or veflel, and fo in like manner as often as the cafe (hall require, until fuch (hip or veflel (hall arrive at her laft port or place of difeharge.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That if the mafter or ]\fa{tcr of other perfon having or taking the charge or command vcflcl aniving of any (hip or veflel laden as aforefaid, and bound to any to produce port or place in this kingdom, (hall not upon his arri- manifeft, and val within the limits of any port in this kingdom as c°^ .aforefaid, or within four leagues the ' coaft thereof,

produce fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing, to the officer and officers of his Majefty's cuf-toms or excife as aforefaid, upon demand thereof, and alfo give fuch copy or copies thereof as aforefaid, to fuch officer or officers, who (hall firft come on board fuch (hip or vefTel upon her arrival as aforefaid, within any port in this kingdom, where the cargo, or any part thereof, 19 intended to be difeharged or landed, or (hall not give an account of the deftination of fuch flop or veflel, or (hall give a falfe account of the deftination thereof, in order to evade the prodtiflftion of fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing, the mafter or other perfon

having

Digitized by Google

382

The tweniyfevent h Tear of George Ilf.

A. D.

1787-Chap. 28.

breaking bulk, Jtc. before coming to the proper place, penalty 200I.

Goods flowed out of the main hold, to be narked by the officer.

having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or vefTel, (hall forfeit a fum equal to double the value of the goods, together with the full duties die and payable thereon, and fuch (hip or veffel may in like manner be detained until fuch penalty (hall be paid or fecured, and if fuch officer or officers fird coming on board within the didance or limits aforefaid, (hall negleft or refufe to certify on the back of fuch manifeft or manifeils, or content or contents, the production thereof, and the delivery of fuch copies refpec-tively, as arc herein directed and required to be delivered to fuch officer or officers; every fuch officer fo negleCt-ing or refuting (hall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That if after the arrival of any (hip or veflcl fo laden with goods as aforefaid, and bound to this kingdom, either within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom,, or within four leagues of the coad thereof, bulk (hall be broken, or any part of the cargo of fuch (hip or veflcl, (hall be unladen or dnfhipped with intention to be laid on land, or unfhipped for any other purpofc whatever, out of fuch (hip or veflcl as aforefaid, within the limits or didance aforefaid, before fuch ili ip or vcflel (hall come to the proper place for the difeharge of her cargo or any part thereof, and (hall be there duly authorized by the proper officer or officers of the revenue to unlade the fame, the mader or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflcl, and the mate or other perfon next in command (hall refpe&ively forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, except in cafe of unavoidable neceflity and didrefs, of which neccflity and didrefs the mader or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or vcflel, (hall give notice to, and together with two or more of the mariners on board fuch (hip or veflcl (hall make proof of upon oath before the collefior or other chief officer of the port, within the limits of which fuch neccflity or didrefs fhall happen, or before the collector or other chief officer of the fird port in this kingdom, within the limits of which fuch (hip or vcflel (hall afterwards arrive, if the faid neccflity or didrefs (hall have happened not within the limits of any port, but within four leagues of the coad of this kingdom, which oath the faid collector or other chief officer is hereby authorized and required to adminider.

XIII.	And be it further enabled, That if upon the arrival of any (hip or veflel within the limits of any port in this kingdom, for the difeharge of the carg^pr any part thereof, there (hall be any goods, which from neccflity or from the nature of the cargo mud be unavoidably (towed, either in

Digitized by Google

/

The twenty-feventh Tear of George III.

the cabbin or between the decks, or upon the decks, or in the (leerage, forecaftle, or other place or places, out of the main hold of any fuch (hip or veffri, fave and except fuch part of the cargo as is flowed in the chains, or in other parts of the outtide of fuch (hip or veffel, in fuch cafe the officer or officers of the cuiloins or excife who (hall firfl go on board, (hall before he or they (hall leave the fliip or veffel, mark or feal fuch feveral and refpe&ive packages in fuch manner as fuch officer or officers (hall be diiedled by the commiffioners of the revenue in this kingdom, or any three or more of them for the time being, and (hall keep a particular account thereof, which mark or feal fhall not be altered, defaced or broken, before the goods contained in fuch packages (hall be refpc&ively landed, either at the lawful quays, or at fuch other places as fhall from time to time be allowed for that purpofe by fpecial fufferance, and leave of the commiffioners of the revenue, and under the infpe&ion of fuch officer or officers as they (hall appoint to fee fuch packages opened*

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any of the marks or feals, which (hall have been put upon any of the packages as before diredled, (hall be altered, defaced or broken, by the mailer, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of the (hip or veffel, on board of which fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, or by any of the crew, or fhall be committed by any other * perfon, with the privity or confent of the faid mailer or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel, every fuch mailer or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel, and alfo the mate or fuch perfon as (hall be next in command to fuch mailer or other perfon having the charge and command as aforefaid, fhall for every offence fo committed, forfeit two hundred

ounds refpe&ively.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed. That the mailer, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of any (hip or veffel, in which fuch goods (hall be fo imported or brought as aforefaid into this kingdom, (hall within twenty-four hours aft^r the arrival of fuch (hip or veffel at any port in this kingdom, make entry, upon oath, before the proper officer of the faid port, who is hereby authorized and required to receive and adminiller the fame, of the built, tonnage, contents, and lading of fuch fliip or veffel, with the particular marks, numbers, and contents of every parcel of goods then laden on board fuch (hip or veffel, to the bed of his knowledge and belief, and alio where, and in what port fhe took in her lading, of what country built, how manned, who was mailer during the voyago, and who are

owners,

If marks be

altered. See. the mailer and mare forfeit 2col. each.

Mailer of veffel arriving to make entry within twenty-four hours, upon oath, as herein.

Digitized by

Google

sH

A. Dl

Kaiftin not

to lc ^iKurred

if pork be

uaU dot the

OffU

taken kn foreign parts, Sre,

The twenty-feventh Tear of George III.

owners thereof, under the penalty of the forfeiture of oivc hundred pounds; and the faid mailer or other perfon fhall, at the time he fo makes his report, on entry of his fhip, upon oath as herein directed, deliver to the colledor, or other chief ofheer of the faid port, the manifeft or mam f efts, or content or contents, in writing as herein dire&ed, to accompany their refpeftive cargoes, and to be on board every Ihip or vefTel in which goods fhall be fo imported or bought as afotefaid into this kingdom ; and if the faid mailer, or other perfon liaving orkaking the charge or command of any fuch (hip or vefTel, fhall negle& or refiife to deliver fuch manifeft or manifells, or content or contents, in writing as aforefaid, to the faid colledlor, or other chief officer of the faid port, at the time he fo makes his report oe entry of his (hip, upon oath as herein dire&ed, every fuch mailer, or other perfon fo having or taking the charge or command of fuch fhip or vefTel, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and fuch fhip or vefTel may in like manner be detained until Tuch penalty (hall be paid or fecured.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any package whatever, which fhall have been reported by the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of any fhip or veffel, in manner by this a& dire&ed, fhall be wanting, 3nd not found on board fuch fhip or vefTel, in conformity to fuch report, or if the good% reported fhall not agree with the manifeft or manifefls content or contents or if either the report, or manifeft or manifefls, fhall not agree with the cargo found on board of fuch vefTel or vef-fcls, then, and in every fuch cafe, the mafter, or other per-fbn having or taking the charge or command of fuch Ihip or vefTel, fhall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds and fuch fhip or vefTel may in like manner be detained, until fuch penalty fhall be paid or fecured.

XVII.	Provided ncverthelefs, That in cafe any goods fhall be imported without fuch manifeft or manifefls, or content or contents in writing, as is by this a& dire&ed, or in cafe the manifeft or manifefls, or content or contents, accompauying the goods, fhall not agree with the report, or fhall be defaced or incorred, or fhall not agree with the goods on board, and it fhall be made to appear to the f3tis-fa&ion of the commiffioners of the revenue, that the cargo imported was wholly taken on board in foreign parts, naming the particular places where it was taken on board refpec-tively, and that no part of the cargo has been unfhipped fince it was taken on board, and that the manifeft or content has been loft or miflaid, without fifeud or colhiiion, or that the fame was defaced by accident, or waa mcorreA by

5	miftakc,

Digitized by Google

■ ii

*The twenty fcventb Year of George III.

miftake, in fuch cafe the penalties and forfeitures by thfs aft inflicted (hall not be incurred.

XVIII.	Provided alfo. That in cafe any goods (hall, from urgent neceflity, be taken on board of any (hip or veflel, in any foreign port or place, for this kingdom, after fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, as required by this act, (hall have been attefted in manner by this act directed, the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall make out, or caufe to be made out, and (hall lign a feparate manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents of all fuch goods as (hall be fo taken on board, which manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, (hall be fubjeft to every provifton in this aft contained to all intents and purpofes, in like manner as the manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents fo attefted as aforefaid are fubjeft to, and in fuch cafe the penalties and forfeitures herein inflifted, with refpeft to goods imported without a manifeft or content, (hall not be incurred, if the urgent neceflity of fo taking fuch goods on board, (hall be made to appear to the fatisfaftion of the faid commifiioners of the revenue.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That if any goods fo taken on board any (hip or veffel in any foreign port or place, (hall after the arrival of fuch (hip or ve(Tel within the limits of any port of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof, or after the firft produftion of the manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents to the officers of the cuftoms or excife in manner by this aft direfted, whether fuch goods (hall be inferted in the faid manifeft or mani-

” -fells, or content or contents by this aft direfted, to accompany fuch goods or not, be thrown overboard or (laved, or otherwife in any manner dtftroyed, except in cafe of unavoidable neceflity, proof of which (hall be made to the fatisfaftion of the commiflioners of the revenue, the mafter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of the (hip or veflel, on board of which fuch offence (hall be committed, (hall forfeit two hundred pounds, and fuch (hip or veflel may in like manner be detained, until fuch penalty (hall be paid or fecured.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That every importer, proprietor, or confignee of any goods imported, or brought into this kingdom as aforefaid, (hall feverally and refpec-tively within twenty days after the mafter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel (hall have made his report or entry upon oath in manner by this aft direfted, or after the expiration of the time within which he is required by law fo to do, make due entry in writing in the ufual and accuftomed manner with the

Vau VIII.	B	b	##lleftor.

Goods taken on board in foreign patts, difpofed of as herein.

Goods taken on board in foreign parts not to be deftroyed except in unavoidable neceflity.

Importers within so days after the malic r makes his report, (ball make tttry of the goods imported.

Digitized by

jS6

A- D.

1787. Chap. 28.

Not to extend to goods entitled to be warehoused, &c.

From jft

May, 1787, no veflFel Oiall be drated out for foreign parts; untill security he given, dec.



The twenty fevenlh Year of George III.

colle&or or other chief officer of the port where the (hip or velTel fo laden as aforefaid (hall arrive, of all the goods fo by them, and each of them refpeclively imported 111 fads (hip or vefTel, or of which they, and each of them are the importers, proprietors, or coufignees rcfpe&ively, and (hall pay the full duties due and payable in ready money for fuch goods within the time aforefaid, and that if he or they refpcc-tively (hall fail in fo doing, it (hall and may be lawful for the officers of the revenue to convey fuch goods to his Ma-jelty’s wan. houfe for feeurity of the duties; and if the full duties are not paid for fuch goods within the fpace of three calendar months from the time they (hall be fo brought to fuch warehoufe, they (hall and may be forthwith fold, and the produce applied firil towards payment of the duties and ilorage, and fuch charges, as (hall have been expended thereon, and the overplus, if any, (hall be rendered and paid to the proprietor, or other perfon lawfully authorized to receive the lame, any law, ufage, or cufiom to the contrary not with (landing.

XXI.	Provided neverthelcfs, That nothing herein before contained (hall extend, or be condrued to extend to the felling of any goods, which may by law be entered and ware-bo ufed upon bond, or feeurity being given for the whole of the duties due thereon.

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the firft day of May, one thoufand Seven hundred and eighty-Seven, it (hall not be lawful for any officer of his Maje&y’s revenue in this kingdom, to permit or fuffer any (hip or vefTel to be cleared out for foreign parts from any port or place whatever in this kingdom, until the mailer or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch Ihip or vefTel, and the mate of fuch (hip or veffel (hall fevc-rally and refpe<9ively give Security to his Majelty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, by bond, in the penalty of two hundred pounds ; which feeurity (hall be taken by the collector or other principal officer at fuch port or place, who is hereby authorized and required to take fuch Security, with condition that fuch mailer or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veifel, or fuch mate, as the cafe may be, will uot at any time thereafter land, or caufe to be landed, any goods in any part of this kingdom In any manner which is or (hall be prohibited by law, of take the fame on board, in order to their being fo landed, nor be anywife concerned, or aiding or affifting in fraudulently importing, unfhipping, or landing the lame, and will not hinder, moled, or oppofe any of his Majedy’s officers of the cudoms or excife, or any other pcrfoti or perfout affifting them, or any of them in the due execution of their

rtfpc&irc



*

The twentj-Jeventh Tear of George III.

' rrfpe&ive offices or employments, or until fuch mailer or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel, (hall produce a certificate under the hand of the colleftor, or other chief officer of the revenue at fome other port or place in this kingdom, of fuch fe-curity having been before given at fuch other port or place to fuch collector or other chief officer by fuch mailer and mate.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled, That there (hall not be paid or allowed to any perfon whatfoever upon the exportation of any goods entitled to drawback or bounty upon exportation, any drawback, bounty, *or allowance whatever, if the goods are in bales prefs packed, nnlefs the feve-ral different names and fpecies of the goods, and the quantities and qualities thereof refpeftively (hall be verified by the refpeftive perfon or perfons who fo packed the fame, or one of them, or fuch other perfon or perfons who (hall have actual knowledge of the contents of the bales fo refpeftively prefs packed, in the following manner, that is to fay, if the goods are packed at the port from whence they are to be exported, or within ten miles thereof, then by oath made and fubferibed upon the entry or cocket before the col-left or or other chief officer of fuch port, who is hereby authorized to adminiller the fame ; and if fuch goods are packed at any greater diilance than ten miles from the port from whence they are to be expoited, then on the like oath made and fubferibed in manner aforefaid, before fome raa-gillrate or juftice of the peace for the county or place where fuch perfon or perfons fo packing the fame (hall arrive.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That every mailer, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of any (hip or vefTel on board of which any goods (hall be (hipped for exportation to foreign parts from any port or place in this kingdom, (hall upon demand produce and deliver to every officer of his Majefty’s culloms or excife, who (hall come on board his (hip or veffel, either within the limits of any port in this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof, all and every cocket or cockets delivered to him by the proper officer or officers of the revenue at the port or ports, place or places, where the (hip or veffel (hall have been cleared out, for the examination and infpeftion of e very fuch officer or officers, under the penalty of one hundred pounds; and if fuch officer or officers (haH find any of the goods on board fuch (hip or veffel, not to correfpond with? the cocket or cockets fo produced, he or they is, and are hereby authorized and required to feize the faid goods, and the fame (hall be forfeited, or if fuch officer or officers

lib a	(hall

No drawback or bouncy upon export of gpoda, at herein.

Matters o£ veffel* aa herein, to deliver to officer* whodfeardt them all cocket* received, for their infpeOioo,

- *

*

Digitized by

Google

No enbjr ft all pafs, &r. fot bounty, but ia name of real'

Owners of goods to ac-. knowledge who the perfon U, entitled to draw-back*

Agents may make oath to enable corporation* &cc. to obtain drawbacks

Tixt fowl?)-/eventb Tear of George III.

(hall difeover that any of the packages endorfed upon the coeket or cockets fo produced, are not on board the (aid , (hip or veflel, the mailer or other perfon having or takiug the charge or command of the (hip or veflel, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for each and every package contained in fucli cocket or cockcts, and not found.

XXV.	And be it further enabled, Th it no entry (hall pafs, nor any debenture be made out upon exportation tot foreign parts from this kingdom, of any goods whatever, which are entitled either to drawback or bounty upon exportation, but in the name of the real owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors of the goods, if they or any of them are refident in this kingdom, and that before fuchown-. er or owners, or proprietor or proprietors (hall receive the drawback or bounty, or any allowance to which fuch goods may be entitled, or any part thereof, one or more of them, and not any broker or agent on his or their behalf, (hall upon the debenture verify by oath his or their fo being the real owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors of fuch goods, and alfo that the goods are really and bona file exported to foreign parts, and have not been re-landed in this kingdom, any law, euflom, or ufage to the contrary notwithllauding.

XXVI.	Provided always, That fuch real owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors of fuch goods, if he or they (hall not have purchaied or obtained a right to, or property in the drawback to which fuch goods are entitled, (hall and is, and are hereby required at the time fuch goods are entered for exportation, to acknowledge in writing, under his or their hands, upon the entry, the perfon or perfons who is, or are entitled to fuch drawback, and fuch perfon or per-, Tons (hall after the requifites of this ail are fully complied with, receive fuch drawback, and the receipt of fuch perfon or perfons upon the debenture (hall be an acquittal and dif-, charge for fuch drawback.

XXVII.	Provided neverthelefs, That nothing in this a& (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to hinder or prevent the agent of any corporation or company trading by a joiut (lock, from making oath in the manner now by law allow- ; ed to entitle fuch corporation or company to obtain any brawback or allowance upon the exportation of goods from this kingdom, nor to hinder or prevent any proprietor or proprietors x>£ lands in any of his Majefty’s colonies or plan-tit ions, nor any perfon or perfons whatever, from exporting from any place other than that at which he or they reflde, if . fuch perfon or perfons (hall refide at a greater diftance than twenty miles from fuch place, any goods or commodities whatever, nor any perfon or perfons whatever from exporting from any place other than that at which he or they refide.

Digitized by LjOOQle

The twenty-/eventh Teat of George III.

fide, any goods whatfoever of Irifh manufafture, being the property of inch perfon or perfons, by and In the name of an agent, and fuch agent fs hereby authorized to do and perform every aft and thing to entitle the real proprietor or proprietors of the goods to all and even' bounty, drawback, or allowance due by law upon the exportation of Tuch goods, and to recover the fame in as full and ample manner as if the real proprietor or proprietors was or were to aft therein: provided, that fuch agent (hall teltify upon oath on the back of the debenture, over and above what is already by law required to be teflified upon oath, before the polleftor or other chief officer of the revenue, who is and are hereby refpeft-ively authorized to adminiller the fame, the name or names of the real proprietor or proprietors of the goods, and his or their known place of abode, and fhall if required by the faid colleftor or other chief offioer, give good and fufficient rea-fon for his knowledge of the place td which the goods are intended to be exported.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further en-	ro

afted, That from and after the firft day of May, one thou- bounty on go\>d* fand feven hundred and eighty-feven, no bounty or premium to Great Eri-fhall be paid or allowed for, or upon any goods whatfoever !a*n* ^Cm exported from this kingdom to Great Britain, and that no drawback, bounty or premium, fhall be paid or allowed for, or upon any goods whatever exported from this kingdom to the iflands of Guernfey or Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Man, nor any debenture made out for fuch drawback, bounty or premium, until a certificate fhall be produced under the hands and feals of the colleftor, comptroller and furveyor of the cuftoms, or any two of them belonging to fuch port in Great Britain, or from the regifter of certificates, or other chief officer of the cuftoms in the faid iflands of Guernfey or Jerfey,

Alderney, Sark or Man, as fuch goods fhall have beens ref-peftively landed at, certifying that the goods have been duly landed there, any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary not-withftanding.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted. That no goods what- Regulation ever, entitled to drawback, bounty or premium, fhall be car-ried or put on board any fhip or veflel whatever for expor- fobountic^ tation to foreign parts by any perfon or perfons whatfoever, except the proper officers of th^ revenue, other than fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be authorized for that purpofe by licenfe, under the hands of the commiflioners of the revenue, or any three of them, for the time being, who are hereby authorized to grant the fame, and to require fuch fecurfty as they may deem neceflary by bond or otherwife, to be giVep by the perfon or perfons to whom they fhall grant fiich licenfe, for the aftual delivery of the whole of the goods on board fuch fhip or veflel to the officers of the revenue Rationed

Digitized by v^ooQle

IVtat perfons may be licenced

Veflel* inward or outwards bound, Jball bring to for the officer/i, penalty xool.

W

The teveniy-fruentk Tear of George III.

tioned on boards and for the faithful and incorrupt dealing ip every rcfpect of fuch perfon or perfons, in regard to fueh goods which faid perfons fo to be licenfed as aforefaid, fliaH and they are hereby required upon carrying fuch goods on board any /hip or veflel to give clear and full information thereof in writing, to the mailer or other perfon then in charge of fuch (hip or veflel, for the better enabling the maf-ter to give notice as required by this a&, previous to his clearing out with drawback or bounty goods, which licenfe when granted by the faid commiflioners of the revenue, /hall not be withdrawn by them, or the operation of the fame in any manner hindered, obftru6led or prevented, unlefs either the perfon or perfons to whom fuch licenfe (hall have been

£ anted, or fome other perfon or perfons employed by him or em and with his or their privity or confent (hall commit fome a& again (I the laws now made, or hereafter to be made, to fccure the revenue of cuftoms or excife or any of them, and fhall be convi&ed thereof, in which cafe the faid commiflioners (hall, and they are hereby authorized and required to withdraw fuch licenfe.

XXX.	Provided always, and lx* it further ena&ed, That the faid commiflionera of the revenue (hall, and they are hereby required to grant fuch licenfe as aforefaid, to all and every perfon and per/ons who is, or are now by law entitled to carry or put on board fuch goods, and who /hall give fuch fecurity as the (aid commiflioners^ or any three of them (hall deem neceflary, and to no other perfon or perfons whatever.

XXXI.	And whereas it has frequently happened, That (hips or veflels as well bound to this kingdom from foreign parts, as from this kingdom to foreign parts, have pafled the ufual places appointed for flat ion ing officers of the revenue on board of veflels, and for relieving or landing fuch officers without bringing to, for fuch purpofe : be it ena&ed, That .the mafter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of any (hip or veflel coming or arriving from foreign parts, (hall not pafs fuch ufual places or fucb other places as may hereafter. be appointed for that purpofe, by the faid commiflioners of the revenue, or any three of them for the time being, without bringing to, and receiving the revenue officers on board, or being outward bound for foreign parts, (hall not pafs without bringing to at fucb ufual places, or fuch places as /hall be appointed as aforefaid, for the purpofe of the cargo being examined, and of relieving or landing fuch officers, unlefs in cafe of unavoidable neceflity or diftrefs, to be made appear to the fatisfafti.on of the faid commiflioners, or any three of them for the tiro? being, and that every fuch mafter or other perfon who /hall fo pafi without bringing to for the purpofes aforefaid, either inward

3	*r

Digitized by

*The twentyfeventh Tear of George III-

er outward bound, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XXXI I. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the palling of this a&, any officer or officers of the revenue properly authorized, to examine any {hip or veflel, or the cargo on board thereof, (hall at all times have free accefs actcl„ w to the cabbin, and every other part or place in fuch {hip or 2JVpam'of the veffel, and in cafe any places within the cabbin, forecaftle, ffi.p, &c. ffeerage, or any other part of the {hip, or any boxes, cherts, or other thing contained therein, {hall be locked pr in any manner fattened, and the keys {hall be withheld, or the places (hall not be opened for fuch officers refpe&ively, on their requiring the fame of the matter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch {hip or vertel, fuch officer or officers, if they are of a degree fuperior to tide-waiters or boat-men, (hall and are hereby authorized and empowered to open the fame in the bett manner they can, and are hereby indemnified for fo doing, but if fuch officers, (hall be of na higher clafs thantide waiters or boatmen,they {hall and are hereby required to fend for their fuperior officer, who is hereby* in like manner authorized to open or caufe the fame to be opened, and (hall be, and is hereby indemnified for fo doing*

XXXIII.	And be it further cna&ed, That the feveral re-	^

gulations in this a6t contained, except where the time far Onsite commencement thereof, is otherwife in this a6t fixed and pro- mcncc. vided for, ttiall commence from and after the fbUowiug periods, viz. in refpe& of ffiips or vefiels coming from any par* of Europe from and after the firft day of May, one thouK fand feven hundred and eighty-feven, in refpe& of (hips or vefiels coming from any part of Africa or America, from, and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufancfc feven hundred and dghty-feven, and in refpe& to {hips ov-vefiels coming from Afia, from and after the twenty-fifth, day of March, one iboufand feven hundred and eighty-eight.

X	XXTV. And be it further enafted, That all and every Ffne* andffia* the fines, penalties, and forfeitures infli&ed by this a&, {hall fcitvres Sec. and may be fued for, recovered, levied, and applied in fuch “	*£

manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and with ' *' fuch powers and authorities, as are preferred*, dire&ed, and appointed in and by an a£k of Parliament made in the fourteenth and ^fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majefty Charles the fecond, entitled, An attfor fettling of tbeexctfe or* new impoft npon hi* Majefty, hit heirs and fuecejfors, according to the book of rates therein inferted* as fully and effectually t<x all intents, conftructions, and purpofes, aa if the fame were* particularly mentioned and exprefied, and ae-cna&ed m thc^ body of this piefcat a&,with the like *emedj of appeal tc*

Officer# ffialt

Digitized by Google

39*

A. D. 17^7*

The twentyfeventh Tear of George III.

and for the party or parties who (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved or injured, at in and by the faid act it provided.

CHAP. XXX.

^•Amended *8 Jn jfg j"or directing the application of the Funds granted by G- 3 c Si’ 33 Parliamenty for promoting and carrying on Inland Navigations G* 3. c. 10	in this Kingdom, andfor the Purpofes therein mentioned’.

The corpora- \A7 HE RE AS the funds granted to the corporation lion is hereby ▼ ▼ for promoting and carrying on inland navigations in diffolved.	Ireland,	expired on the twenty-fifth day of March, one

thousand feven hundred and eighty*fix: and whereas it has been deemed expedient that the powers and authorities given by law, to the faid corporation fhould ceafe : be it enaded by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afferabled, and by the authority of the fame, That the laid corporation (hall ceafe to be a corporation, and (hall, and is hereby declared to be diffolved, and that all powers and authorities whatever, vetted in the faid corporation, or in any commiifioners, officers, fervants, agents, or other perfons employed, appointed or authorized by them, (hall ceafe, and be, and they are hereby declared to be null and void.

The tolls,&c. II. Provided always, That all tolls, rates, and duties to be continued which have been, or fhall be impofed by the faid commif-herein? * **	f|oncr8* purfuant to the powers veiled in them by law, on

any navigable canal or river, with the penalties for enforcing their better colledion, fhall continue to be raifed, col-leded and enforced, by the perfon or perfons feverally empowered to colled or enforce the fame, and fhall be by them paid or applied for the feveral purpofes for which they are at prefent applicable, or in fuch other manner as fhall be - hereafter direded by parliament, unlefs herein otherwife par-ticularly direded.

' Boohs, &c.	111. And be it further enaded, That within twenty-one

tforuobelaid™" ^ay8 a^ter P51®11?	t^1*8	or	fuch further time as

before the the commiffioners of impreft accounts fhall think neceffarv, com. of impreft the faid corporation fhall lay before the commiffioners of accounts.	impreft acconts, all books, papers, accounts, plans, furveys,

eftimates, and other matters, refpeding their proceedings or the execution of the trufl repofed in them, and now in their pofTeffion, or in the pofTeffion of any local commiifioners or officers appointed by them, by virtue of, or in con-

fequenew

The twenty frventh Tear ^George 1II.

fequence of fuch appointment, (hall deliver the fame to the auditor of impreft accounts, to be by him kept and prefer ved, and that the faid corporation fhall caufe a true and accurate account of all fuch books, papers, accounts, maps, plans, furveys, eftimates, and other matters as aforefaid, as arc now in their pofleflion, or in the pofleflion of any local commiflioners or officers as aforefaid, to be made out and delivered to the faid auditor under their feal, within twenty-one day8 after the paffing of this aft, or fuch further time as the commiffioners of impreft accounts (hall think necef-fary.

IV.	And whereas the faid corporation has not accounted before the commiffioners of impreft accounts, as by law required: and whereas the faid corporation have employed and maintained, at high falariesi a fecretary, and alfo an accountant*; and the local commiffioners of many of the navigations have alfo employed and maintained treafurers at high falaries, and the faid feveral officers ought, if they had duly performed the duties incumbent on them, and for which their falaries were given, to have kept their accounts refpeftively, in fuch manner as to have enabled the faid corporation, long fince, to have accounted before the faid com-miffioners: be it further ena&ed, That in cafe Richard Paggs, efquire ; the fecretary to the faid corporation, and R'chard Bapp treafurcr to the local commiffioners of the Barrow and Jjj Shannon navigations, and in cafe John Mitchell, efquire, funuli accounu the accountant to the faid corporation, (hall not before the « herein 4ir*5t-firft day of Auguft next, furnifh, to the fatisfa&ion of the faid commiffioners of impreft accounts, a full and perfe& account of the monies granted to, and expended by the faid corporation, and by the local commiffioners of the faid navigations, as far as the books, papers, accounts, vouchers, or other articles in their pofleflion refpedtively, or in the pofleflion of the faid corporation, fhall enable them refpcc-tively to do, then, and in fuch cafe, each of them omitting fo to do, fhall and ought to be deemed to have been guilty of neglc& of duty ; and all money paid to him for the laft ten years, by way of falary or gratuity, by the faid corporation or local commiffioners, fhall be deemed to have been paid without due confideration, and fhall be by him repaid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and in cafe of nonpayment thereof, within fix months after the faid commiffioners fhall have repoited to his grace the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, that he has not given in fuch fatisfa&ory account as aforefaid, fhall be fued for, and recovered by the fame ways and means, and in like manner as any debt due to his Majefty is or may by law be fued for and recovered; and for the purpofet	%

aforefaid

&

%r Canalt, &c. belonging to iaid corporation, lifted in laid Jo cal com mi f-fioners, dee. •

Stun* advanced to faid corporation a* herein, to be repaid.

Stttth for fnr-*c)>, flee, paid a*, of outics.

Engineer* to i employed as

The twenty fevemh Tear of George III.

aforefaid* the Cud commiffioners of impreft accouoti fhatf permit the faid Richard Baggs and John Mitchell* with Such proper clerks or perfons as they (hall choofe, to ia-fped, examine* and copy ftich of the faid feveral books* accounts* vouchers* and other papers which (hall be fo delivered to them* as they (hall choofe* either by delivering the fame to them* or giving them free accefa thereto at aft reafonable hours* until the firft day of Auguft next* at the impreft office, as the faid commiifioners (hall deem mod ex* pedient.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That all canals* navig* tions* trackways* wears* lands* and houfes adjoining thereto* locks* (tores* and implements whatever belonging to the faid corporation* (hall be feverally and refpe&ively veiled in the perfons who (hall happen to be local commidinners of each feveral navigation at the time of fuch didolutioD* except as herein otherwife dire&ed.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed* That out of the produce of the feveral rates* duties* and impofitions heretofore granted to the (aid corporation* or granted by an a& parted ' m the lait feflioD of parliament* entitled* An aQ for contour ing the encouragement given by former aSs of parliament far promoting and carrying on inland navigations in this kingdom% the fum of two thoufand eight hundred and eighty-nioc pounds four (hillings and four pence advanced at his Majcf-ty’s treafary* in purfuance of an *ddrcfe of the houfe of commons for payment of ialaries* fervants* rent* repairs* and work dated by the commiifioners of impreft accounts, to be due by tbe faid corporation, and for which no warrants had been iffued* and alfo all other fums which have been* or (hall be advanced at his Majefty’s trea-fury, purfuant to tbe (aid addrefe* (hall be repaid* and placed by the vicc-treafurer or vice-treafurers, his or tbeir deputy or deputies* to the account of his Mafefty’s revenue* and that all luch fums as (hall be neceflary to defray the ex-pences of making any furvey or eftimates* purfuant to the refutations of the houfe of commons* or the laid addrefs* or the provifious herein contained, (hall and may be paid out of the produce of the (aid duties.

VII.	And whereas the afeenaining by proper fnrveys or eftimates the beft lines for inland navigations* and tbe ex-pences of making the fame may tend to encourage individuals to undertake tbe fame: and whereas the houfe of commons did* in tbe year one thouiand (even hundred and eighty-five* dired certain furveys and eftimates to bt made by the corporation hereby diftolved: be it enacted* That it (hall and may be lawful for fuch perfons* as the lord lieutenant* or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom

Digitized by L^ooQie

The fiwentyfeventb Tear of George III.

dom fhall appoint, not exceeding five in number, to employ fuch engineers as have been employed purfuant to the (aid rcfolution, or any other fkilful engineers, to fnrvcy and make efti mates of one or more proper lines of communication by water, between the grand canal and the Shannon, and of the navigation of the Shannon up to the collieries on lough Allen from the deep water below Limerick, and for making a navigation from Monaftereven to the Tide Water, and for making the river Suir navigable from Car-rick up to Clonmell, and for making a communication by water from the town of Slane to Navan, and thence to the . Virginia Water, and alfo to the town of Trim, and from Trim to Dublin, and alfo a navigation from Beltutbct, through the lough and river Erne by Belleek and Ballyfttao-non to the fea, all fuch eftimate and furveys, when made, to be depofited with the clerk of the houfe of commons, and to be open to the infpe&ion of all perfoos without fee or reward.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the expeuces , thereof (hall be defrayed out of the duties granted by the

faid laft recited a&, and be paid by the vice-treafurer or vice-treafurers, his or their deputy or deputies, upon order of the faid perfons fo appointed, or any three or more of them, without any further warrant on that behalf.

IX.	And whereas the corporation of inlaud navigation have from time to time iftued their warrants to his Majefty*! vice-treafurer, for the payment of feveral films on the feveral times in the fchedule hereunto annexed, which ftifl remains unpaid by the faid vice-treafurers : and whereas no money has been expended in confequence of or on account of four of the warrants in the faid fchedule mentioned, iftued each fbr the fum of five hundred pounds, making together the funs of two thoufand pounds, and bearing date the twenty-fourth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred aad eighty-four, for rendering the river Barrow navigable : and whereas feveral of the warrants in tlie faid fchedule mentioned, have been iftued to the company of undertakers of the grand canal amounting in the whole to the fum of nine thoufand nine hundred and twelve pounds: be it cna&ed.

That the faid four warrants granted for the fum of two thoufand pounds, and bearing date the twenty-fourth day of April* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, for rendering the river Barrow navigable, (hall, and they are hereby declared to be null and void, and that fo (bon as the commiflioners of impreft accounts (hall certify to the vice-treafurers, or their deputy or deputies, that the company of undertakers of the grand canal have entered into a recognizance before the barons of his hfajefty’s court of <x-

chequcXj

EsKsmts

pud

bare beeiiflael

Digitized by v^ooQle

The twenty-ft vent h Tear of George III

chequer in the penalty of twenty-four thoufand potirdi, conditioned that they, the faid company of undertakers (hall, within the term of five years from the palling of this a£l, complete a good and fufficient Hill water navigation from the bridge of MonaAerevan to the town of A thy, to convey boats containing at leaf! thirty tons burthen: ai d /hall alfo certify that the warrants contained in the faid fchedule for the fum of nine thoufand nine hundred and twelve pounds have been cancelled, that then and in that Cafe it fhall be lawful for the proper officer of his Majefty’s treafury, to give to the faid company of undertakers of the grand canal debentures, to the amount of nine thoufand nine hundred and twelve pounds, in lieu of the faid warrants fo cancelled, and alfo for a further fum of two thoo-fand and eighty-eight pounds, making in the whole the fum ef twelve thoufand pounds, bearing intereft after the rate of four per cent, per annum, in like manner as has been ufually done, where money has been borrowed on loan by debenture, the faid fum of twelve thoufand pounds to be in lieu and, full fatisfa&ion of all demands or accounts whatever.

Barons of ex- X. Provided always, That it fhall and may be lawful for

tkeqoer may an- baron8 Qf his Majefty’s court of exchequer, and they art nul rtcogm- ,	,	.	,	J	/	.	. , n .	r	■

zancc as herein, hereby required to vacate and annul the recognizance afore*

faid, whenever it (hall appear to them upon the certificate of the commiffioncr8 of impreft accounts, that the faid ftiU water navigation has been completed purfuant to the conditions of the faid recognizance. wdfadT* 8#	And 11 ^urt^er	That	for	fo	many	of	the

other warrants in the faid fchedule mentioned, or for fuch com. of impreft	r ,	,	.	_	1

accounts, dc-	part of all, or any of them as the commilfioners of impreft

benturea (ball	accounts, or any three or more of them fhall certify for

be given.	payment in manner herein after mentioned, there fhall be

given in exchange for fuch warrants by the proper officer or officers of his Majefty’s treafury to the perfon or perfons producing and delivering the fame, debentures to the amount of the fums fo certified for payment, bearing intereft after the rate of four per cent, per annum, in manner herein before mentiond.

Nc debenture XII. And in order to faci’:ifte the fpeedy payment of for more than	fuch debentures as fhall be ifTued by virtue of this a&v; be

100 *	it cnaHed, That no debenture fo to be ifTued fhall be made

out for a larger fum than one hundred pound?, and that every fuch debenture fhall be entitled Navigation Debenture, and all debentures given for or in lieu of ary ore warrant, fhall be marked in large figures, each with the number annexed to fuch warrant in the aforementioned fchedule, and all thofe which fhall be marked with the fame number in

large



Digitized by

Google

Tbt twentj-fevctitb Ttar c/ George III.

large figures (halj be likewife feparately nnmbered with fmall figures in arithmetical progreflion, beginning with number one.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That for every deben-ture iflued by virtue of this aft, there (hall be paid at the receipt of his Majelly’s treafury, by the hands of the vice-treafurers, their deputy or deputies, at the end of every fix calendar months, to the perfon or perfons holding the fame, an intereft after the rate of four percent per annum, to commence from the refpeftive dates of iffuing the fame, without any fee or charge, and free from all deduftion, defalcation or abatement whatever, until fuch time as the principal fum expreffed in fuch debenture (hall be paid orf at one entire payment.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That the produce of the faid feveral duties after payment of fuch fums as have been or (hall be advanced, purfuant to the faid addrefs (hall be applied to the payment of the intereft of the faid feveral debentures, and of the principal thereof, in manner following, that is to fay, whatever furplus there (hall be of the faid fums on any twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, twenty-fifth day of December, or twenty-fifth day of March, over and above payment of faid fums, and all intereft due on all debentures, iflued by virtue of this aft, then outflanding, (hall be applied by the vice-treafurers, their deputy or deputies, to pay off the principal fums for which debentures (hajl have been iflued, in order and fuccefiion, as they (hall be feverally numbered in large figures, thofe marked with the fame large figure being preferred and to take place according to the pripnty of the fmall figure thereon ; and the vice-treafarers, their deputy or deputies, (hall give fourteen days notice at lead, before each of the faid days, by advertifement in the Dublin gazette, to the holders of fnch debentures, as there (hall be a furplus to pay off, and if any of the debentures whereof notice (hall be given as aforefaid, (hall not be prefented for payment on fuch day, all intereft (hall ceafe on fuch debenture, and the furplus propofed to be applied to fuch debenture or debentures, (hall be applied immediately to the payment of any debentures iflued by virtue of this aft, which (hall be prefented for payment at the treafury, between the hours of ten in the morning and two in the afternoon, thofe that are frrft in order and fuccdfion as afore deferibed, being always preferred to thofe that are.more remote.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That every debenture which (hall be paid off (hall be,immediately cancelled, and that no ftnftion of intereft (hall be paid on*

anT

J9?

4I. per cent, for debcuturca.

Duties applied aaheiciav

Debentures when paid cancelled.

• vV



Digitized by

Google

39*

The twenty-fcventh Teat of George III.

Surphntopay

•ertificatcft.

Howthoxer-fificatci arc to kc obtained, &c.

Certificates to W granted to' holders of war* mu at herein.

any debenture, for any time lefs than three months, except the time from the ifluing thereof.

XVI.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That if when any certificate dire&ed by this a&, (ball be produced to his Majefty’s vice treafurers, their deputy or deputies, there fhali be a furplus as aforefaid, in his Majefty’s treafury of the dnties granted by the (aid a&, or of the duties* granted heretofore to the (aid corporation, fuch furplus fhali be applied to the payment of fuch certificates in lieu of if-fuing debentures for the fame, in like order and courfe and with like priority and notice, and under like regulations to the payment of fuch certificates, as by virtue of this a&, it would be applicable by virtue of this a&, to the payment of debentures for the fame, if fuch debentures had been iffued, and in order to afeertain how the feveral certificates aforementioned, in lieu of the feveral warrants iftued for the aforementioned fum of ten thoufand five hundred pounds, are to be obtained.

XVII.	Be it further enabled. That whenever any perfon or perfons, who have, or (hall have expended the whole or any part of the fuim for which the faid warrants have been granted, fhali appear before the commiflioners of impreft accounts with hiss or their account, and (hall defhe to have the fame audited, examined and pafted, the auditor of im-preft accounts, (hall without delay audite and prepare the lame, and the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, (hall examine and make their declarations thereon in like manner, "and with like powers and authorities as is required or ena&ed by law in refpe& of any accounts fob-je& to their examination, and they lhall give a certificate or certificates under the hands and feals of any three or more of them, Hating the fum paft and allowed by them on fuch account, which fum and no other (hall be deemed tire fum certified for payment within the meaning of this a&.

XVIII.	Provided always, That if the holder or holders of any warrant fhali regifter his or their names and place of abode with the faid commiflioners before the palling of fuch account, and fhali declare upon oath the fum really and ' bona fide paid by him or them for fuch warrant, the faid com-miffioners, or any three or more of them, fhali, if the fum pafled by them, exceed the fum fo paid, divide the fame into two certificates, giving one to the holder or holders for the amount of the fum fo fworn to be paid by him or them, and one other for the remainder to the party accounting refpec-tively; but if the fum paffed and allowed by the laid eom-miflioflers fhali not exceed the fum fo paid by the holder or holders* then, and in every fuch cafe, a certificate fhali be

given

Digitized by

Google

Tie twenty-feveitib Tear of George Ilf.

given to the holder or holders for the payment of the whole him allowed.

XIX.	Provided alio, and be it ena&cd, That in examining and patting any fuch accounts an allowance may be made by the laid commiifioners to the accountant or accountants, in his or their difeharge for any intereft or difeount, which he or they (hall prove that he or they have actually paid to any perfon or perfons for advancing money on the warrants, not exceeding in the whole the amount of legal intereft on the fum fo advanced, from the time it was ad ually and bona Jule begun to be expended, until the day the certificate fhall bear date ; provided, that if the money (hall have been faithfully and honeftly expended on any part of th^ navigation for which it was granted, whether in new works or repairs, fuch expenditure (hall, upon due pipof, be allowed, although the terms of the grant may have limited it to any particular purpofe.

XX.	And be it further euaded, That etery certificate of the faid committioneis, as direded by this act, fhall be fuf-ficient authority to the vice-treafurers, their deputy or deputies, for ifluing debentures, or paying money thereon, with-oot any further or other warrant to be had or obtained on that behalf.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the ufual fee fhall be paid to the auditors of impreft accounts for every jperfon or perfons accounting, in order to obtain a certificate for payment, or for obtaining a debenture; and that it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiifioners to withhold the giving a certificate until fuch fee fhall be paid.

XXIL And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That from and after the patting of this ad, if' any perfon or perfons fhall wilfully and malicioutty beat down, undermine, damage, or deftroy, or wilfully aid, abet, aflift, or (et on, in breaking down, undermining, damagings or deftroying any bridge, lock, wear, fluice, aquedud, funnel, flood-gate, towing-path, or bank, or any refcrvoir, cut, dam, fupply drain or wates-courie belonging to any canal or inland navigation already made, or hereafter to be made in this kingdom, all and every fuch perfon and perfons, being theteof lawfully convided, fhall be guilty of felony, and fhall be tranfported for feven years, iti like manner as other felons are direded to be tranfported by the laws and ftatutes of the realm, or to be fined, whipped, or imprifoned, according to the dire&ion of die court before which fuch perfon fhall be convided.

XXIII.	And be it further cnaded, That his grace the lord primate, the governors or lieutenants, and cuftodes ro-tolormn of the counties of Down, Armagh, Tyrone, Londonderry,

399

A. D.

1787. Chap. 30.

Allowance for intereft to the accountants. See.

Certificate* fufficient authority tovicc-trca-furcr.

Fees for accounting.

Damaging the works here-

the penalty.

The corporation for the Newry navigation.

The twntj-feventb Tear of George III.

A. D.

1787. Chap. 30.

Matters hereby vefted in them.

The corporation for the Boyne navigation.

donderry, and Antrim, the knights of the (hire, and all the members of Parliament for the feveral and refpedive boroughs within the faid five counties, and all other members of either houfe of Parliament rehding within any of the faid five recital counties, together with the lords of the feveral manors through which the faid canal palTes, and the fenef-chal and colled or of Newry, all for the time being, and aHo lord vifeount Powerfcourt, lord CafUeftewart, the honourable Thomas Knox, William Stewart, efquire, James Caul-held, efquire, John Staples, efquire, and Alexander Rich-ardfon, efquire, be, and they are hereby conitituted and appointed commiilioners for managing, deeding, improving, repairing, and governing the faid navigation, from Lough -neagh to the lea below Fathom Point, and that the faid commiilioners (hall be a corporation, by the name of /it corporation for promoting and carrying on the Ne<wry navigation, and that all rights, powers, and authorities which were vefted in the corporation for promoting and carrying on inland navigations in Ireland, fo far as die (ame are neceflary to enable the faid corporation, by this ad appointed, to manage, dired, improve, repair, and govern the faid navigation from Loughneagh to the fea below Fathom Point, be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the (aid corporation by this ad appointed.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That all trackways, wears, lands, and houfes adjoining thereto, locks, flora, and implements whatever belonging to the aforefaid navigation, and all right thereto, and all and every the like powers and authorities for levying and collcding all fuch tolls, rates, duties, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, which have been, or (hall be impofed thereon, with the penalties for enforcing their better colledion, (hall be, and are hereby veiled in the faid corporation appointed by this ad, in as full and ample a manner as the fame could or might have been raifed or collcded by the corporation for promoting and carrying on inland navigations in Ireland, their, or any of their officers or fervants, and (hall be by them applied in improving, repairing, and maintaining the faid navigation; any thing to the contrary notwithflanding.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That the right honourable the earl of Mornington, the right honourable the carl of Bedive, the right honourable William Conyngham, Blayney Townley Balfour, efquire, the four knights of the (hire for the counties of Louth and Meath, the two members of Parliament for the town of Drogheda, the mayor of Drogheda for the time being, lord bifhop of Meath, ho-nooourable baron Metge, lord Headfort, John Prefton, efquire, Hamilton Wade, efquire, Skeffington Thompfon,

efquire,

*4* .

The twenty fevent h Tear of George III.

fcfiquire, 'William Meade Ogle, Dixie Coddington, Henry Coddington, Edward Harman of Drogheda, and David Jfcbb, efquire, be, andthey are hereby conltituted and appointed commiflioners for managing, direfting, improving,

^repairing, and governing the navigation of the river Boyne from Trim to Drogheda; and that the faid commiflioners fhall be a corporation by tbe name of the corporation for pre-*noting ahd carrying pn the Boyne navigation, and that all rights, powers, and authorities which were veiled in the Corporation for promoting and carrying on inland navigations in Ireland, fo far as the lame are neceffary to enable the faid Corporation by this aft appointed to manage, direct, improve, repair, and govern the faid navigation from Trim to Drogheda, be, and .the fame are hereby veiled in the faid corporation by this aft appointed.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That all trackways, Matters lands, and houCes adjoining thereto, locks, llores, and im- verted in them plcments whatever belonging to the aforefaid navigation, and hereby.

ail right thereto, and all and every the like powers and authorities for levying and collefting all fuch tolls, rates, duties, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, which have been, or ftiall be impofed by faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, with the penalties for enforcing their better collection, (hall be and are hereby veiled in the coiporation by this	,

aft appointed, in as full and ample a manner as the fame could or might have been raifed or collefted, by the corporation for promoting and carrying on inland navigations in Ireland, their, or any of their officers or fervants, and fhall be by them applied in improving, repairing, and maintaining the faid navigation, any thing to the contrary notwitli-llamling.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That his grace the Corperation duke of Leinfter, his grace the archbilhop of Cafhel), the for the Barrow right honourable the earl of HilUborough, the righy ho- navigation, no arable the cad of Drogheda, the right honourable the

earl of Portarlington, the right honourable lord vjfcouot De Vefci, the right honourable lord Charles Fitzgerald, the right honourable lord Clifden, the right honourable lord Loft us, the right honourable fir John Parnell, baronet,

Thomas Burgh, efquire, Henry Bruen, efquire, right honourable Henry Grattan, right honourable David Latouche,

John Wolfe, efquife, Stewart WeJdon, efquire, William Burton, efquire, Beauchamp Bagenal, efquire, die members in Parliament for the counties of Kildare, Carlow, Kilkenny, Wexford, and Waterford, John Butler, efquire,

John Staunton Rochfort, efquire, Charles Tottenham* efejuire, Cornelius Bolton, efquire, Henry Alcoek, efquire, Robert Shapland Car$w, efquire, Richard Mercer,

Vol. VIII.	C c	efquire,

- JDigitizetf-by ‘

Matter* veil

ei\ in them hereby.

CommJfTi-

onci’a for the i o\v, may ' kvrunv 5ccl. •

The twentyfeventh Tear of George ill.

efquire, fir 'fhomas O(borne, baronet, Thomai Whaley, efquire, \Villiam Colville, efquire, John Warburton, efquire, fir Richard Butler, baronet, fir Charles Burton, baronet, fir fcdward Loftus, baronet, fir Robot Staples, baronet, Robert Brown, efquire, Frederick Trench, efquire, John Latouche, efquire, Peter Latouche, efquire, reverend Mr. Baggott, George Daker, efquire, Patrick CoJclough, efquire, Walter Cavenagh, efquire, Williain Gore, efquire, William Cooke, efquire, William Stewart, efquire, John Stewart, efquire, Grorge Roth, efquire, George /gar, efquire, dodor Thomas Butler, Patrick Welch, efquire, Arundal Caylfield Beft, efquire, Warden Flood, efquire, .George Eunbury, efquire, Gervafe Parkthr Bulhe, efquire, John Tydd, efquire, Mathew Weld, efquire, Richard Weld, efquire, and Benjamin Bunbury, enquire, be, and they are hereby conllituted and appointed commiflioners for managing, direding, improving, repairing and governing the navigation from the bridge of Athy to the city of Waterford, and that the faid commiffioners (hall be a corporation, by the pame of the corporation for promoting and carry-Jug on the, Barrow navigation ; and that all rights, powers, and authorities which were veiled in the corporation for promoting and.carrying on inland navigations in Ireland, fo far as the fame are neqrilary to enable the faid corporation by this ad appointed to manage, dired, improve, repair and govern the faid navigation from the town of Athy to the city of Waterford, be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the laid corporation by this ad appointed.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded. That all the trackways, lands, and houfes adjoining thereto, locks, (lores, and implements whatever belonging to the aforefaid navigation, and all right thereto, and all and every the like pow-.jcr&^nd authorities for levying and colleding all fuch tolls, rateji, duties, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, which have

- been or ihall be impoled by the faid connmffioncrs, or any * feven or more of them, with the penalties for enforcing their better collection, Ihall be and are hereby vefted in the faid corporation appointed by this ad, in as full and ample manner as the fame could or might have been railed or colleded by the corporation for promoting and carrying on inland navigations .in Ireland, their, or any oi their officers or fer-. vunts, and ffiall be by them applied in improving, repairing, and maintaining the faid navigation, any thing to the cou-tiaiy notwithstanding. . ;

XXIX.	And be it further epaded by the authority . aforefaid, That if the faid commiffioners appointed by this

ad, for promoting and carrying^ou.\the Barrow navigation, faafi have occufiqn between this and the enfuing fefljQrf of .3	•	Parliament,

The twenty-fe&nih Year of George III.

4*3

^parliament, to borrow money for repairing the worlu, it Taall be lawful for the faid commiffio iters to take up and bor-Yow upon the credit of the tolls levied and raifed upon the faid navigation, a fum not exceeding five hundred pounds for ■fche purpofe aforefaid

XXX.	And be it further enafted, That the following 'perfons, vi%. the right honourable lord vifeount Pery, the ■honourable Hugh MalTey, fir Henry Hart Range, baronet, the right honourable Silver Oliver, John Prendergaft Smyth, Edmond rtenry Pery, Henry Prittie, efquires, fir Lftciu9 O’Brien, biaronet, fir Hogh Dillon Mafley, baronet, Edward Fitzgerald, right honourable Denis Daly, Daniel Toler, Peter Hohnes, efquires, fir William Par fons, baronet, Denis Bowes Daly, William Handbook, right honourable TheophOus Jones, Thomas Tenifon, John Tqler, enquires, the earl of Clanricarde, fir Richard De Burgo, fir Edward Crofton, baronets, William Power Keating Trench, Edmond Kir wan, Thomas Coghlan, efquires, right honourable John Fitzgibbon, and the right honourable William Conyngham, be, and they are hereby conilituted and appointed comqniffioners for managing, directing, improving, repairing, and governing the faid navigation of the river Shannon, and that the faid commifiioncrs {hall be a-^corporation by the name of the corporation for promoting and carrying on the Shannon navigation ; aud that all rights, powers* and authorities, which were vetted in the corporation for promoting and carrying on inland navigations in Ireland, fo far as the fame are neceffaryto enable the faid ‘corporation by this aft appointed to manage, direft, improve, repair, and govern the faid navigation, from the kleep water below Limerick up to the collieries pn Lough-Alien, be, and they are hereby vetted in the faid corporation %>y this aft appointed.

XXXI.	And be it enaifted, That all trackways, lands, and houfes adjoining thetetd; locks, ftores, and implements whatever belonging to the aforefaid navigation, and all right thereto, and all ind every the like powers and authorities for levying and collefting all fuch tolls, rates, duties, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, which have been or (hall be imposed by the faid comuiiffioners, or any feven or more of them, with the penalties for enforcing their better collection, ftiall be, and are hereby vetted in the faid corporation ap* pointed by this aft* in as full and ample manner as the lame could or might have been raifed or collected by the corporation for promoting and carrying on inland naviga-tions in Ireland, their, or any of their officer^ or fervants, mud fhall be by them applied in improving, repairing, and

C c 2	intaimog

Corporation for the Shannon navigation.

• *

Matters vett* ed in them hereby*

r ■

! >

Digitized by

. jQO<

4*4	7	he	twmfj-feventh	Tear	of	George	III.

A. D. j 1787.

Cliap. 30.

Not fco cx tend tothc Shannon from Limerick to a(K>vt Kiilaloe.

Times and plate of meeting.

maintaining the faid navigation, any thing to the contrary notwithttanding

XX *11. Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be deemed to extend to deprive the corporation for rendering the river Shannon navigable from the city of Limerick to the deep water above Killaloe, of any right, privilege, or emolument vetted in the faid corporation under their all, or alls of incorporation.

XXXIII. And be it further enalled, That the faid com-miflioners, or any feven or more of them, (hall on the firft Monday in July next, meet and aflemble together at the town of Newry, to order, fettle, and adjuft fuch matters as they (hall think mod expedient for promoting and carrying on the faid navigation, and that the faid commiffioVters (ballon the firft Tuefday in January in every year* meet and aflemble at Newry aforefaid, and on the firft Tuefday in July in every year, meet and aflemble at the town of Ban-bridge, in the county of Down for the purpofes aforefaid, and that the faid commiflioners may meet at any other time or times, at any place or places on or near the line of the faid navigation, as they (hall think proper: provided, that at lead fourteen days notice of every fuch meeting be given •in the publick news papers of Newry and Belfatt, or in fuch other publick manner as the faid commiflioners (hall direll.

b	XXXIV.	And be it enaAed, That it (hall and may be

*	’	*	lawful for the faid commiflioners, from time to time, to

make bye-laws or regulations for their own conduit, and the conduit of their feveral officers and fervawts, and for the regulation and government of the faid navigation.

Proceeding*, XXXV. Provided always, That every’ fuch bye-law or *tc. in making regulation bepropoied at one of the meetings herein before lyc-laws. required, and that it be agreed to at the meeting to be held on the firft Tuefday in January or July then next following, and be then and there figned by nve of fuch commiflioners at the lead prefent at fitch meeting.

Not to be	XXXVI	And provided alfo. That every fuch bye-law or

contrary to law. regulation be not contrary to law, not to any thing in this or any other all of pailiament contained.

Said laws	AXXVII. And be it further enalled, That every fuch

binding.	bye-law	and	regulation	fo propofed, agreed to, and figned,

(hall be binding on the faid commiflioners, their officers and fervants, and every all done by them, or any of them contrary thereto, (hall be, and is hereby delared to be null and void.

They may XXXV1I1. Provided always, That it (hall and mny be kc rt j>cu , c. jawyuj for tj|e eommifiioners, from time to time, to re-pe. 1 or alter every fuch byc-law or regulation, the repeal or

alteration

Corpora' ion

The twentyfeventb Tear of George III.

alteration being firft propofcd at one of the fa id meetings on the firft Tuefday in January or July, agreed to at the meeting whieh (hall be held on the firft Tuefday in January, then next following, and then and there figned by fire of fuch commiftioners at the lead prefect at'fuch meeting-

XXXIX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefatd, That his grace the lord primate, the governors or forth* lieutenants and cuflodet rotulorum of the county of Tyrone, Dav‘Satl01* and the representatives in Parliament for the faid county, all members of either houfe of Parliament relident within the county of Tyrone, alfo the mafter of the free Schools, and reftor of the parilh of Dungannon, all for the time being, and alfo the lord vifeount Powcrfcourt, the lord baron Caftleftewart, the honourable Thomas Knox, William Stewart, James Caulfield, John Staples, and Alexander Richardfon, efquires, be and they are hereby conftituted and appointed commiftioners for managing, dire&iug, improving, repairing, and governing the navigation from Lqughneagb, to the collieries at Drumglafs in the county of Tyrone, and the faid commiftioners (hall be a corporation by the name of the corporation for promoting ami carry*

Jng on the Tyrone navigation* and that all rights, powers and authorities which were veiled in the corporation for promoting and carrying on inland navigations in Ireland, fo far as the fame are neceflary to enable the corporation by this a€t appointed, to manage, direfl, Improve, repair, and govern the laid navigation from Loughncagh to the collieries at Drurogbds, in the county of Tyrone, be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the faid corporation appointed by this a6t, in as full and ample a manner as the find com* miflioners for promoting inland navigations in Ireland, or any quorum or number of them now, or have heretofore poC* feffed or enjoyed.

XL. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That Perfons to be whenever any of the faid commiftioners herein appointed by choien in place name, (hall happen to die or refign, it (hall be lawful foi the remaining commiftioners, or any five or more of them, to e 1 fin* dc& a per foil to be a commifiioner in his (lead, and fo as often as a vacancy (hall happen by the death or refigoatioa uf a perfon fo chofen.

XLI. And be it further ena&ed, That all trackways. Matters veft-wears, lands and houfes adjoining thereto, locks, (lores and in them implements whatever belonging to the aforefaid navigation, kcfcbr» and all right thereto, and all and every the like powers and authorities for impofing and levying fuch tolls, rates, duties, fines, penalties and forfeitures, as may he neceflary for the J>ctter fupport and gqvcrnment oLthe faid navigation, (hall

be

Digitized

ized by

Google

40$	TU	twintyj&uentb	Ttar	of	George	IH\.

"be, and are hereby vc&ed in the faid corporation appointed by this ad, and (hall be by them applied in improving, repairing and maintaining the faid navigation, any thing to the contrary thereof nofewith(landing.

XL1I. .And be it further enalted, That the faid corpo^ ration, or fuch perfon or perfons, as they or any five or more of them (hall appoint, (hall have full and abfolute power and authority to a(k, demand, coiled and receive ail fuch tolls, rates, duties, fines, penalties and forfeitures, which (hall or may be swpofed as aforefaid, and to fue for and recover the fame hy diftrefs, or by any other ways, means and methods, in as full and ample a manner as the fame could, or might have been by the corporation for promoting and carry ingon inland navigations in Ireland, tli^ir or any of their* officeraor fervants.

XLIII. And be it further ebaded, That the faid complies $f m$et- miflioners or any five or more of them, (hall on the firH W*	Tuefday	in	AUgult, and firft Tuefday in December, in every

year, meet and affemble at Coal I/land, in the county of Tyrone, to order, direct, fettle and adjuft fach matters a? they (hall think moll expedient for promoting and carrying, on the faid navigation, and that the- faid commifiioners may meet at any other time or times, at any place or places, on or near the line of the faid navigation a# they (hall think proper, provided that fourteen days notice of every fuch meeting be given in one or more public news-papers, or in fuch other public manner as the faid comnvflioners (hall dired.^

Their powers.

Timet and

May mtk« XJLJV. And be it further cfla&cd, That it (hall be kw-bye-laws and ful for the faid commifiioners, or any five or more of them, repeal ihcm,Scc. from time %o time, to make bye-laWs or regulations for their own condud^ and the conduit of them feveral officers and fervants, and for die regulation and government of the faid, navigation, or to repeal the fame on the firft Tuefdays in4 Augult or. December in every year, in the fame manner and under the fame regulations and reftridions as are herein be^ fore appointed* directed and required to be obferved by the commifiioners, for promoting and carrying on the Newry navigation, and that every fiich byc-law, or regulation (ball be binding on the faid commifiioners, their officers and fervants, and every alt done by them, or any of them con-, trary thereto, (hall be and is* hereby declared to be nujl and void,	*

Commifiioners XLV. And be it further enaded* That the commifijon-: of impreft ac- crg 0f imp red accounts, (hall upon demand, fo foon ajs the up°bcK)S,S&c	accounts	the local commifiipners of each of die faid

to each of faid navigations, (hall be pafled by them* deliver on demand to, corporations, each pf the faid cQrponiUvns hereby conftitutAl, aU

hooks

Digitized by

Gopgl

The twentyfroentb Tear of George III.

books, papers, plans, eftiroates, and other articles refpec-tively concerning the works committed to their care and fu-perintendance.

XLVI. And be it ena&ed, That it (ball and rt^y |>e lawful to and for any feven or more of the commiflioners herein before appointed, for managing and governing the respective navigations herein befor^ mentioned, %o execute the fevcral powers 'in therii refpe&ivcly veiled ^y this aft.	;

CHap.

Commifnoncrs herein before*^ appointed are empowered to execute tl%e ■power* veded in them.

A SCHEDULE

f

i

y ob

‘S'1*?

%

A SCHEDULE of the feveral Warrants granted by the Corporation for promoting and carrying on Inland Navigations in	Ireland, which were unpaid on the 25th of	, 1787.

2

o

X

>

*

No.				For the River Shannon.	For the River Barrow.
				&	T	
X 		— 1782, 19th O&ober,	—.	—	2000	
2 		— Do. Do.	—	—		*
3	— 1783, 16th Febrwry,	—	—	1500	
4	— Do. 16th Jane,	—	—	1000	
5	— Do. Do.	—			
6 		— Do. Do.	—	—		IOOO
7	Do. 18th September,	—	—	2000	
8	— Do* Do.	—	—		IOOO
9 		— 1784, 24th April,	—		2000	
IQ 		— Do. Do.	—	—		
	—— Do. Do.	—	—		2000
II 		— Do. 9th September,	—			
1% —	— Do. 8th November,				

To tlie Company of Undertakers of the Grand Canal,

T-------------

TOCO

’1911

2000

4OOO

<O0O

I

?

•5,

O



The twenty fevaitb Tear of George ifl#

CHAP. XXXL

Am AS to amend an AS, entitled. An AS for the further Im» To 25 March ' frovement and Extenfion of the Fi/heries on the Goafs of 1799. 36 G 3. this Kingdom.	c 5*. Amend.

*	cd 31 G. 3. c.

I7f.8s.	32

HERE AS by an aft pafled in the twenty-fifth *** 3- c* *• year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled.

An A 8 for the further improvement and extenfion of thef eries on the coqfls of this kingdom, it is, among (I other things, enabled, That no bufs or veflel (hall be entitled to any bounty by virtue of the (aid aft, if entered for the herring fifhery, tinlefs fuch bu(s pr veflel (hall have on board l *vo barrels, or Raves and hoops to make two barrels, for every ton burthen which faid veflel lhall meafure; and whereas wherries by their conftruftion are not capable of containing a full cargo of herrings in barrels, though they arc in every refpeft peculiarly well adapted for the herring fifhery: be it therefore tnafted by the King's mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority qf the fame, That the owner or owners of all wherries, veffels called wherries, which (hall proceed to fuch herring &c. are entitled fifhery on bounty, and alfo fuch veffels as are employed in to bounty, the white fifhery upon the coafts of this kingdom, though	with

pot provided with barrels, or (laves and hoops, as by the	&c!	as

faid aft is required, (hall be entitled to receive fucli bounty by kiuaft. on performing all other legal requifites, as fully to all intents ?nd purpofes, as if fuch wherries were provided with fuchf number of barrels, ox (laves and hoops, as by the faid aft is required.

II.	And whereas by the fat'd aft, The officers appointed to vifit, examine; and admeafure the veffels entered for the bounty, are required £0 certify upon oath as to the feveral particulars required by the faid aft : be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That inftead of the certificate and oath in the faid aft direfted to be certified and fworn by the offi-jeers appointed to vifit, examine, and admeafure fuch veffels, the following oath (hall be taken by fuch officers, to be ad-pniniftered by the perfons in the faid recited aft mentioned,

<or before a magi ft rate, it fo direfted by the commiUkmers of jfei? Majefty’$ revenue, that is to fay,

I

\

Digitized by L^ooQle

The twenty feventh Tear of George III.

I	being	appointed	by	the	commtjfioners	of

his Majejly* s revenue, do hereby certify andf wear that I have beem on board the bufs or vejfel called the	of

whereof	is	mafier,

lying in the port of	and hound to the

th^hi n^uila^	*	w^icb	bufs	or	vefjel	1	have	car	fully	admeafurtd	ac-

cording to the modsprcfctilvd'%y law* Ofldtp the heft f judgment and belief Jhe is of the. burthen of	tons,

furveyor. Sworn before me this day of	colledor,

fub-comrrtifioQer..

Oath to be

And fuch officer fliaH fign a certificate at the foot of the faid oath as follows :

Certificate. A above named	do	hereby

tertify that, upon a Jlrifl examination of the above bufs or vejfd, Ifod her to be a decked, or partly decked, (as the cafe may be) and that it appears to me that Jhe bat been built tn tins kingdom or Great Britain , (as the cafe may be) and that her owners do, to the bejl of my belief, rejide in this kingdom, that Jhe hath on board	men,	and	is

in all refpcQj, according to my judgment and belief, a famed well built, we(lfound, and proper vejfel to be employed in the jifberies \n this kingdom, and hath alfo on board the feveral articles required by the laws made for the further improvement and extenjion of the Jtjheries on the qoajt* qf this kingdom, for fumt/icr or winter Jybery (as the cafe may be)

fyrveyor.

And the cpllc&or, or fuch other officer of the port, who (hall be nominated for that purpofe by the faid commjffioners of the revemje, (hall fign a certificate as follows:

Colleger'® / certify that the above examination and admeafuremtnt were rtifkatc.	jn	my prefect

III.	And whereas notwithftanding the laws ndw in force for the regulation of the fifiieries of this kingdom, by the ipultitude of boats that refort to the different places of rendezvous, many of which (hoot their nets in the day time, and begin to fifli before the (hoals of herrings are fettled m the bays and creeps where they ufually refort for (belter, there is reafon to believe that the fifiieries are much in-. jured, and that a regulation with regard to the time of commencing the fifhery would be of great advantage: be it ena&ed by the authority afbrefiud, That in the feveral places where infpe&ors are appointed, and where orders (hall

he



Digitized by

Google

Tie t*wnty-ftvcnlh Tear ef George III,	411

be gWen for the purpofe by-the commiflioner* of the re- A. D-venue, or any three of them, who are hereby empoweredfa ryRy. to do, no perfons (hall be at liberty to fhoot their nets until Chap. 31.' notice fhall be polled up by the infpeCtor of the diflriH,	J

under a penalty of twenty pounds, to be levied as other pe-	Not to foot

nalties in the faid aa du-eded.	“ct,tl11 notice-;

IV.	And whereas by the laid recited aa infpe&ors am infpeaors appointed, and it .is judged expedient for the prevention of may be re-nor-. fuch ahufes, that the faid infpe&ois Ihould be under the c<*> therein, contrQu) and appointment of the commiflioners of his Ma-jelly’u revenue; be it further ena&ed, That it may be lawful for the faid commiilioners of his Majelly’s revenue, or any three of them, as often a9 they (halLfee canfe, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of. this kingdom for the time being, to remove fuch infpe&or or infpeaors, and to appoint others in their dead* with like approbation as aforefaid. .

V.	And be it further enaaed by. the authority aforefaid, penalties re-Tbat all penalties by, the faid aa infli&ed, exceeding the- covered aa fum of twenty pounds, lhall be recovered by any perfon who herein.

(hall fuc far the fame by aaion of debt, bill; plaint or in-formation in any of his Majedy’s courts of record, in which-

no efToign, pcote&ian, wager of law, or more than one parlance lhall be allowed.	*	•

VI. .	nd whereas by the faid recited ad, a bounty of Recitals of , thirty (billings per ton is direaed to be paid annually out of hid act.

his Majcfty’s revenues, under the management of the faid

Comt?>i0u)ners, to the owner or owners of the veffel or vef-

fels therein deferibed, proceeding to the filheries therein

mentioned, "’under the regulations therein; and by laid ad,*

it is enaaed, That no more than one-third of fuch bountp

fnall be paid for or on account of any fuch vefiel, uqlefs it

lhall appear as therein mentioned, that fifh was taken or-

brought by Tech veflel,* and that the Ihrae were landed and

well cured in found merchantable order, in which cafe out

of the remaining twenty fhillings or two-third* the mailer

<of fuch yeffclfhaU t^Liveji bounty on the filh therein men-»

tjoued, btfthe rated in the faid act fpecified : be it ena&ect

by the authority aforefaid, That if the mailer or owner cif ^ per ton

apy wherry on his arrival at the place of rendezvous IhrtH to wherries. x

make a declaration that he will be fati ned to receive, twenty-

fhilli-’gs per ton, as a bounty op fuch when*)', in licii of the

bounty granted by the laid ad, on the quantity of filh'

brought to market, fuch declaration being figned by foch

matter or owner at the foot of the infpedore certificate, fuch

mailer or owner lhall be entitledto the faid bounty of twenty

(billings per ton, and no more,

* f	VII.	Pro-



*

JtL

Digitized by Google



The twenty feventh Tear of George IIT

A. D. - VII. Provided always, and be h further mailed by the 1787. authority aforefaid, That no owner or owners of any wher-Chap. 31. ry (hall be entitled to any bounty on the tonnage of any finch wherry, on the landing of any fitch fifh, which wher-Whmict muft jy (hall return to port for her difcharge, without having a • ©r remain^tSnM carg° of fifh, or producing a certificate from the fc-vcral infpe&ors of the diftrids in which (he fifhed, or from the furveyors of the ports where no infpe&ors are appointed, or other fatisfa&ory proof to the commifixoners of hi« Majefty’s revenue, that the faid wherry was employed duriog three months on the fifhery, and in caring of fifh, and where fuch wherry (hall return to port without completing her cargo,

(he (hall return to the filhmg ground to complete the period of three months.

Farther re-	VIII. And whereas by the faid recited all, it is ena&ed,

citalof laidaa, That every bufs or veflel fitted out and entered for the white fifhery, (hall have on board one boulter or long line, fufficicntly equipped with not lefe than three hundred hooks, and one line through one bait bafket, two fplitting knives and three calks for the faving of blubber or oil, and alio ooe hundred fpare hooks for each man on board, and (hall alfb have four ton of fait on board for the firft twenty tons, and one additional ton of fait for every fix tons which fuch veflel (hall meafurc above twenty tons: be it ensiled by the veflelt on white authority aforefaid, That the owner or owners of fuch bufs or veflel, which (hall proceed on fuch white fifhery, though npt provided with fuch boulter or long line, or fuch bait bafket, fplitting knives, calks for blubber or oil, or fuch fpare hooks, or fuch fait as aforefaid, (ball be entitled to receive the bounty on performing all other legal requifites, as fully to all intents and purpofes as if fuch bufs or veflel was equipped or provided in the manner dirc&ed in laid

I '<!• .And whereas by the faid recited all, two thirds of the bounty held out as an encouragement to the fiflieriet is direded to be paid on the landing of the fi(h, at the tale of two {hillings and fix-pence per barrel: and whereas it frequently happens. That the moil induftrious fiihermen, after remaining the whole foiling feafon are obliged to re-4*. per barrel turn'to port without completing their cargo: be it further for cured her- cnaded by the authority aforefaid. That fo* every barrel ,u,8#*	of cured herrings, which fball duringMoy one year be land-

ed from any bufs or veflel, the owner or owners of which in refped thereof (hall be entitled to the bounty of ten (hillings per ton, there (hall be paid, a bounty of four fhil-lingS,

fiflxrry entitled to bounty as herein.

X- Provided

, Digitized by

Google

9%e twinty+fevrMb Ttar 6/ George lit.

4*3

X- Provided always, That no bounty (hall be paid for a A. D. greater number than five barrels for every ton of the burthen 1787. of fuch bufs or vefTel.	Chap.	31.

XI.	And for the encouragement of the fifhery ufually . called the deep fea fifhery ; be it enaded, That from and Rate of 5 after the firft day of June, one thoufand fcven hundred and ***”*!• P«r *a». eighty-fevcn, over and befides the feveral bounties before	.

granted, there (hall be payable and paid the feveral premiums aWc ^ or fums following, that is to fay, for the greateft quantity of herrings which (hall be caught by the crew of any one bufs or vefTel which (hall be fitted out from any port of' this kingdom, and which (hall be imported or brought in by fuch bufs or vefTel, between the firft day of June, and thirty-firft of December, in any one year, the premium or fum of eighty guineas, and for the next gTeateft quantity of herrings which (hall be fo caught, imported and brought in as aforefaid, the premium or fum of fixty guineas, and for the next greateft quantity of herrings which (hall be fo caught, imported and brought in at aforefaid, the premium or fum of forty guineas, and for the next greateft quantity of herrings which (hall be fo caught, imported, and brought in as aforefaid, the premium or fum of twenty guineas, each of which faid feveral premiums or fums (hall be paya-ble and paid at any time or times after the firft day of January, in the following year, by fuch and the fame perfon, and m fuch and the fame manner as other bounties are paid, and (hall be paid or payable under or by virtue, and according to the true intent and meaning of this a&, upon a debenture or certificate to be prepared and granted by the collector or comptroller of the cuftoms, in the port where the filh in refpe£t whereof the fame (hall be payable, (hall be entered and to be verified by the perfon executing the office of fearcher in fuch port.

XII.	And whereas by the oath preferibed to the matter of each bufs or vefTel, at the time of invoicing his cargo, be is enjoined to declare how many thoufand of herrings are contained on board the (aid vetTel: and whereas the entry in his journal is directed to be made of the quantity of herrings taken and brought by barrels or half barrels, and the bounty is given at the rate of one (hilling and three pence per

barrel, for every barrel of faid herrings in bulk : be it en- Oath to be a&ed, That the faid mailer (hall make oath, as to the num- made as to the ber of barrels according to his journal, and not as to the trumber of herrings by tale or count.

XIII.	And whereas by the faid recited a£t, it is dire&ed.

That one farthing per barrel be paid for the branding and examining each barrel, which is not fufiicient to aniwer the cxpcnce: be it eoaded by the authority aforefaid, That

every

*



Bounties by

05 Goo*. 3. c. 35

f. .%** on ling or tod. See. diTcoB-tiaued,

Further reel* tal of laid a&, t. 8.

Further recital of faid ad, f. afc.

ffle tu**tffevtntb W nf George Ilf.

euery Wdgh-roafter and idfpedor (hall be paid for branding and impeding every barrel, One penny l*d bo more.

XIV.	And whereas by an ad paifed in the tweaty-fifth year of hta prefeat Majefty’s reign, entitled, An <48 fnr the further %mf) nvenkent and cxiexft6n of the ji/keties oH the coa/U of this kingdom, it is enaded, Tiiat a bounty of five (hillings and five |>cnce (hall be paid- for every fix (core of ling Or tod taken on the coafts of this kingdom, upoa the exportation thereof, and a bounty of three (hillings and three pence for every fix fcore of hake, haddock, glafnng, otherwife coal fiA and conger eel taken on the epafts of this kingdom, upon the exportation thereof: be it ena&ed by the authority afore-find. That the faid bounties (hall henceforth be difeontinued and repealed, and be no longer paid or payable j and that in UeU of faid bounties there (hall be payable and paid a bounty at and after the rate of three (hillings and three pence by the hundred weight, on all dried cod, ling, hake, haddock, glafikig, otherwife Coal filh and conger cel taken on the coails of this kingdom* upon the exportation thereof, any thing in the (aid ad contained to the contiary notwithftand-ing.

XV- And whereas by the faid ad, it is enaded. That net more than one third of the bounty of thirry (hillings pet ton, (hall be paid for or on account of any bufs or vend, unlcfs it (hall appear that fi(h was actually taken or brought by the (aid vcflcl on the voyage for which (he claims, that the fame was landed, well cured, in found merchantable order, in which cafe, out of the remaining twenty (hillings, or two thirds of the faid bounty which fuch vcflel (hall be entitled to, the mailer thereof (hall receive fucih bounties as are therein particularly mentioned; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That no mailer of any fifhing btifs or velTd lhali be entitled to, or receive any part of the remaining twenty (hOlings, or |wo thirds of the faid bounty for any fuch dried cod, ling, hake haddock, glafiing, otherwife coal fi(h or conger cel, fo taken or brought as aforefaid, any thing in faid ad to the contrary notwitliflanding.

^XVI. And whereas by faid ad, it is enaded, That no owner or owners of any herrings (hall be entitled to any bounty upon the exportation of fuch fifh, unlcfs it (hall he proved by fufficient affidavits made before the collector or other principal officer of fume port in tliis kingdom* or before fome one of the infpedlors of the fiQieries* that the herrings were cured with at lead a moiety of Spanifti, Portugal or Mediterranean (alt, or fait refined by three days boiling in barrels, troughs, vats, or other Veflels, fo as to pre-ferve the pichie; and that if taken in June, July, Auguft, or September, they were failed within twenty-four hours of the

time

Digitized by v^.(	-	€

Vhe tiventy-feventh Tear of Ocof^c IIr«

time of their being taken, and within forty-eight hcftifs, ff taken at any other time of the year, thfrt they hate been repacked* not till after ten days from the firil curing, and have keen carefully forted, feparatfng the fhottfti herrings from the others, and rejefting all bad and broken herrings, and unlefs fuch owner or ovhiers (haft have branded their nataie, and the quality of fuch herrings, diftingidfhing the full from the fhotten upon the head of the barrel :'be;it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid recited part of kid aft be ■ j- . -repealed and made null and void, and that no bounty fhartl be *	“

payable or paid on the exportation "of arty herrings, unlefs it no bounty on lhall be proved before the colleftor or other principal officer export of hcr-of the port where the fame (hall be exported, that faid her- rings without rings are well cured, and in good, found merchantable order,	C **

and unlefs the exporter or exporters of fuch herrings (hall have performed all the other requifites preferibed by law.

^XVII. And whereas by the report of the committee of accounts, there appears to be in the hands of the vice-trea*

Yurers of this kingdom, the futns of eighteen pounds fourteen (hillings and eleven pence, and of four thoufand and eighty-five pounds thirteen (hillings and two pence, making together four thoufand one hundred and four pounds eight /hillings and one penny, remaining of the fums appropriated ’ for the encouragement of the filheries, in fuch manner as • fhall be direfted by parliament ; be it enafted, That the faid fum of four thoufand one hundred and four pounds eight (hillings and one penny (hall be paid into thehands of the to be applied in commiflioners of his Majelly’s revenue, to be applied to the crcdin# lignt-cftablilhing of light houfes on the north and welt coafts of this kingdom, at fuch places, and in fuch manner, regard be- 411 *c ing had to the advantage of the fifheries as (hall be direfted by the faid commiflioners for the time being, or any three of them, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or ether chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being.

AVlII. And whereas by an aft pa(Ted thelaft feffion of . Parliament, entitled,^ A3 for granting urdo his Mnjcfiy, of 1787? ,os 1 bis heirs and fucceffors, an additional duty on wine, bides, per band was beery ale, and other goods and merchandize* therein mentioned, nnpofed on hcr-and for prohibiting the importation of all gold and fiber lace, and of all cambricks and lawns, except of the manufadure of CXCuft 1U a* Great Britain, and of all hops ecxept of the growth of Great Britain, and the Britifh plantations, and of all glaft, except from Great B itai/i, and by another aft palled this feffion of parliament, entitled, AnaQ for granting unto his Majefy, his heirs and fucceffors, an additional duty on wiite, hides, beer, ale, and other goods and merchandize: therein mentioned, and fir prohibiting the importation of all gold and filter lace, arid ofmIT cam-

brick*,

faid part re-

Digitized by

Google

Said duties, ftc. (hall be paid to dommiflion-•rs of revenue.

Oaths.

Oaths to be adminiflered by Inagi&ratcs.

Crottfcis may be demifed to eommiflioucri for ere&iinjr hght houies Ac.

Tie twentyfeveulh Tear of George III.

trtcii, lannu,• and glaffy except the manufacture of Great Bn-tain% and France, and the French dominions in Europe ; and of all bops , except the growth of Great Britain* and the Britifk plantations ; a duty of ten (hillings per barrel was impofed upon all foreign herrings imported itfto this kingdom during the refpe&ive times in (aid ads mentioned, except Bri-tifh herrings > be it enaded, That the faid duties, and aB other furos granted for the encouragement of the fi faeries of this kingdom, not otherwife difpofed of by Parliament, (hall be paid to the commiiboners of his Majefty’s revenue, to be applied in fuch manner as they, or any three of them for the time being, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the time being (half dirtd, for the purpofes in the faid firft recited ad; and this ad mentioned*

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That all and every oath and oaths direded by faid Erft recited ad, (hall be adminif-tered by the faid infpedors or furveyors therein mentioned, unlefs otherwife direded by the laid ad*

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Tbit the commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue, or any three of them, and they are hereby empowered whenever they (hall fee caufe, to dired, that all oaths direded by the faid ad, and by all other ads granting bounties, or prescribing regulations for the encouragement of the E faeries, may be adminiftered by a magi(Irate, ioftead of the collector, inspector, or other officer of the revenue.

X*I. And whereas it frequently happens, thatt ground* which lie near to the faores of this kingdom, are wanted by the faid commiflioners of the revenue, for the purpofe of crcding lighthoufea for the prefervation of (hipping refort-ing to this kingdom, and alfo watch-hoofes and other accommodations for the officers of the revenue for the preventing of unuggling excifeabie goods into this kingdom : be it therefore enacted. That whenever the faid commiflioners fhaH want any fuch grounds for the purpofes aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for all pcrfo.is, bodies politick and corporate, tenants in tail, tenants for life, with remainders to their Tons or iffue in tail, infants by their guardians, the guardians and committees of lunatick^ and idiots, feme coverts with their hufaands, by leafes or deeds indented and enrolled, to demife for any term of years to his Majefty, or to the commiflioners of the revenue for the time being, or to fuch perfon or perfons, as the faid commiflioners of the revenue for the time being or any three or more of them (hall appoint, in trull, and to and for the ufe of his Majefty, any grounds or lands not exeeeding one acre plantation meafure,' exclufivc of a pafla^c or toad opt exceeding twenty-one feet in breadth to the

Came

Digitized by

Google

The twcniy-fevcntb Tear of George III.

fame, where there (hall be no publick road to the fame $ provided that fueh grounds or lands (hall not be any part of any fair-green or market-place, or any quay, pier, or dock, ex* cept fo much as (hall be abfolotely neceffary for fuch light-houfe or watch-houfe to ftand, or be ere&ed on, or any part of any town or village a&ually built upon, or any part of a demefne, or of any lawn, garden, orchard, yard, planted walk, or avenue to a houfe, or of any park or paddock fpr deer, or Gtuated along the banks or (hores of any river or fea-coaft, fo as to cut off the comraunicatipu with fuch river or fea-coall from the remaining parts of fuch lands.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That every fuch 4c-mife that (hall be made as aforefaid, of any grounds or lands, together with fuch uaffages, roads and appurtenances, (hall he valid and effectual in law, nptwithffandingany difabQity or incapacity whatfoever in the perfon or perfonsfo demifing the fame; provided that no grounds or lands belonging to any perfon or perfons under any difability or incapacity to make	except	Hy

a leak thereof for fuch term as (hall be required for the pur* 4t poles aforefaid, (hall be granted otherwife than by leafe, at the higheft and bed improved yearly rent, without fine Qr other confideration, fave only the laid referved yearly rent.

X<I1I. And in cafe that any perfon or perions as afpre-faid, (hall refufe to demife fuch grounds or lands as aforefaid If any perfons to his Majefty, or to the faid commifiioners of the revenue, refulc to demif* or to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid commifiioners for the ^ time being, or any three or more of them (hall appoint, or t,c adjuftad by , in cafe any difference concerning the rAt or confideration a jury, for fuch grounds or lands (hall arife between the perfons ip-terefted therein, and the faid commifiioners, or the perfon or perfons fo to be appointed asaforefaid : be it enacted, That the laid commifiioners, or fuch perfon or perfoqs .may, thirty dear days before aPy generalizes to be.holden for the ref^ pective counties where fuch grounds (hall refpectively lie, give to the proprietors and occupiers of fuch Ctveral grounds or lands, or caufe to be left at their laft places of abode ref* pectively, a notice in .writing, deferibing the quantity of ground fo wanted by the (aid commifiioners for the purposes aforefaid, and purporting that the rent or' confideration of fuch ground will be adjufted by a jury at the faidafijzes, and the juilices at the faid affixes, upon proof to them made, that fuch notices have been given in manner aforefaid, .'hall charge a jury of twelve honcff.and fubftantial men, to .be then and there impannelled by the fheriff of the county without fee, and caufe fuch jury to ,be fwom well and truly to af-fefa the value of the ,ground comprized in the faid notices,

.and the rent or donftderation fo be.given for the feme, to the refpective prqprictqrs and occupiers thereof according to Vol# VIII.	D d	tkea

No Itndi de-

v

♦

Digiti _	/

Google

*

Satisfaction to owner* of fuch ground*.

Officer tak*

I ng any dog on grounds, or do* mg damage for-

The twenty fevenfh Tear of George III*

their re fpective interefts therein, which oath the faidjuftiees are required to adminifter to the faid jury, and the refpective parties (hall have their lawful challenges, and the faid jury being fo fwom (hall, after evidence on oath given to them, by their verdict aflefs the rent or confideration to be given for fuch ground to the rcfpective proprietors and occupier* thereof, according to their refpective interefts therein, and the faid juftices (hall give judgment thereon, which verdict and judgment (hall he conclufive, and finally bind all parties, and after fuch verdictand judgment the faid commiflioners, or fuch perfon or perfons as they, or any three of them (hall appoint, lhall hold and enjoy fuch ground for the ufe of his Majcfty, during fuch term as the faid commiflioners (hall judge necelfary for the purpofes aforefaid, paying for the fame fuch confideration or yearly rent as fhall be agreed upon or aflefled, and adjudged in manner aforefaid, and all rents to be awarded by any jury for fuch grounds or lands, (hall be duly t aid by the collc&ors of the diftri&s in which the lands ref-pcdively lie, to the perfons entitled to receive the fame ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for any officer of his Majcf-ty’s revenue to enter ujton any high grounds or head lands near any Tea coaft, or navigable river, and from which fuch fea or river can be feen, to view and watch for any (hip, boat, or veflel: provided that fuch high grourtds or head lands be not part of a demefne, or of any lawn, garden, orchard, yard, planted walk, or avenue to any houfe, or of any park or paddock, for deer.

XXIV.	Provided alfo. That if the perfon or perfons h* poflefflon of fuch high grounds or bead lands Yiequire fatisfac-tion to be made for fuch liberty to enter on the fame, fuch fa-tisfa&ion fhall be awarded by two juftices of the peace of the county, ona to be named by each party, and if fucli two juftices fhall not agree, then fuch fatisfa6tion (hall be awarded by any one fuch juftice, and fuch other juftice of the peace of fuch county as (hall be nominated by fuch two juftices

XXV.	And be it cnudled, That if any fuch officer entering upon any lands in purfuancc of this a& (hall take with him any dog, or deflroy any game thereon, or wilfully commit any damage or dellrudlion on fuch land, every fuch off ficcr (hall, upon being cor»vi&ed thereof by the oath of any credible witnefs, before any juftice of the peace, forfeit the fum of five pounds, to Le levied by diftrtfs and falc of the offender's goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice.

XXVI.	And whereas the pra&ice of trawh’ug carried on in the harbour ofDungarvan, is very prejudicial to thefifher-ies- by deftroying the fpawn of fi(h : Therefore be it ena£U cd by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons

The twentyfeventh Tear of George III.	4!9

foils (hall, from and after th* firft day of Jane next, take or A, D.

dellroy any fifli whatfoever, by trawling (oyfters excepted) I7^7.

in the bay of Dungarvan, within Ballymacart head and Gull

Illand, off Stradbally cove, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, oij e^ong^ci“

due proof thereof, by the oath of one credible witnefs, before harbour of Dun*

any one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county garvati after ift

of Waterford, forfeit the fum of ten pounds, together with June, >787, fw«

fuch trawls and geer, one moiety to tne ufe of the informer, ^

find the other to the haven-mafter of the port of Dungarvan,

to be employed for the purpofe of clearing the harbour, the

faid penalties to be levied by diftrefs and lale of the offender,s

goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuchjufticeof

the peace,

CHAP. XXXII.

An Ad far the better Coll tit on of his Mfjejly’s Revenue arifing from Forfeited Recognisances.

FOR the more effectually colleding his Majefty’s reve- Amended 29 nue, arifing from recognizances forfeited by perfons 3 c* 3a bound for the profecution or appearance of perfons charged * C* with criminal offences, or for keeping the peace : be it enad-cd by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and Chief gov. t« tommons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the appoint perfons authority of fame, That it fhall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of dances this kingdom for the time being, from time to time to nominate and appoint in each county at large, county of a city, and county of a town in this kingdom, a proper perfon to colled and levy within fuch county, county of a city, or county of a town, for which he fhall be fo appointed, all recognizances forfeited by perfons refidir.g, or having goods or lands within the fame refpedively, and who were bound by fuch recognizances for the appearance or profecution of per-* fons charged with criminal offences, or for keeping the peace,	^

and that every fuch perfon fhall be called colledor of forfeited	^

recognizances, within the county, cdunty of a city, or county of a town, for which he (hall be fo appointed 5 and every fuch colledor fo appointed, fhall give fccurity by bond, with fureties, in like manner as other colledors of his Majefty’t revenue are bound to do.

II.	Provided always, That no one perfon (hall be appoint- The numb«t cd colled or in more than one county, unlefs in the county of colic of a city, or county of a town, within the county at large, la which he (hall be appointed colledor*

b a z	m.

Clerk of the crown to return

eflreats.

Comptroller of the pipe to ifTue fummonf-

Time ofiflu-fhg and return.

Returning clerks to take

The tiventy-feventh Tear of George 1IT.

III.	And be It ena&ed, That the feveral clerks of the crown and peace throughout this kingdom fhall, on the firft day of every term next enfuing the time of holding every com* million of oyer.atid terminer and general gaol delivery, andfeffi-orts of the peace refpe&ively, in any county, county of a city, or county of a town therein, return feparate and diftinA ellreats, one of which fhall contain only fuch recognizances® as aforefaid as fhall have been forfeited, and the fame fhall be filed in his Majelly's court of exchequer, and be kept in the office of the comptroller of the pipc-

IV.	And be it ena&ed, That the comptroller of the pipe fhall thereupon iffuc the fecond fummons of the pipe, for the levying of all fums of money contained in fuch eflreats out of the goods, body, and lands of the refpe&ive debtors named in fuch procefs, and fuch procefs fhall be dire&ed to the colle&ors of the feveral counties, counties of cities, and counties of towns rcfpe&ively, in which the feveral debtors appear by fuch eflreats refpeftively to refide.

V.	And be it enabled, That fuch procefs fhall be iffued by the comptroller of the pipe, within ten days after the end of every Hilary and Trinity terms and fhall be returnable ref-pedtively on the firft return day of the next following iffua-ble term, and fuch procefs fhall’and may frem time to time be renewed and iffued in manner aforefaid, as often asocca-lion fhall require, and every fuch procefs fhall, within ten days after the ifTuing thereof, be delivered to th.* cr/fie&ors feipe&ively to whom the fame Thall be dirdlicd, according to the courfe prefetibed for the delivery of the procefs of green wax directed to the fheriffs of this kihgdom.

VI.	And be it enafted. That from henceforth all clerks of the court of King's bench,, clerks of the court of common pleas, clerks of affize, clerks of the crown, clerks of the peace, and others to whom it belongs, to make returns of eftreats into the exchequer, fhall, upon delivery of fuch eftreats tefpeftively, take the oath following, that is to fay.

^	I	do	fwear	that thefe eflreats now by

Oath.	W	delivered,	are truly and carefully made up and examined, and

that all fines, Iffues, and amerciaments, recognizances and fir* feitures, which were fet, lofl, impofed, or forfeited, und in right and due courfe of law ought to be ejlreated in the court of ex-chequer, are, to the befl of my knowledge, undcrflatiding, and be* lief, therein contained, and that in the fame eflreats are alfo ton Mined and expreJTed all fuch fines as have been paid into the court from which the fiid eflreats have been made, without any fraudulent or wilful dfcharge, omiffton, mfnohcr or deftQ whatsoever.

Which

The twenty feventh Tear of Qeorge IIL

Which faid oath the barons of the court of exchequer, or any of them, are, and is hereby required and impowered to adminifter from time to time accordingly.

VII.	And be it enabled, Xhat tjle fcveraji colleftors fo to be appointed, to whom fuch procefs fliall be dire&ed, Dull have the fame powers to levy the debts therein to be comprized, and in executing fuch procefs as flieriffs in this kingdom have by law for executing the fecond fummons of the pipe.

VIII.	Provided always, That every fuch collc&or fliall in the firll place refort to the goods of every perfon again (I whom any fuch procefs (hall be iffued for the levying thereout of the debts due by them refpe&ively, or fo much thereof as fuch goods (hall be fuflicient to anfwer, and (hall not in any cafe refort to the body or lands of any fuch perfon, if fuch debts might have been levied out of hi? or her goods.

IX.	And be it enafted, That all chief conflables, high conflables, fub-conftables, and petty conflables within their refpe&ive jurifdidUons, fliall be aiding and affifling to fuch calle&ors in the execution of the faid procefs.

X.	And be it further ena&cd, Thateveiy (uch colled or,

who by virtue of the faid procefs fliall arreft the body of any perfon, fliall, by warrant uqder hi? hand and feal commit the body of fuch perfon to the cuflody of the fheriff or fheriffs of the county, county of a city, or county of a town, within the jurifdi&ion of fuch colle&or, and every fuch fl>e-riff or fheriffs is, and are hereby required to receive into ^is pr their cuflody every perfoq fo committed, and to keep him or hpr in execution for the debt for which fiich perfpn fliall be committed, until he or (he fliall be discharged thereof by warrant of the colle&or, or by ordgr of the court of exchequer,	y

XI.	And be it enadpd, That every fuch cpUpftqr, to whom any fuch procefs (hall be delivered, (hall, before the laft day of the term in which the fame fliall be returnable, make a return thereon, and by fuch return account for all fum and Turns of money to be comprized in fuch procefs, and fliall, by affidavit to be annexed thereto, verify the tjruth of fucli return and account; and the (aid propel?, return, and affidavit (hall be filed and kept in the pfiice of tjie comptroller of the pipe, and fliall nojt be fubjeS tq th,e payment of any (lamp duty, and every fuch cofieftor fliall lodge a true copy of fuch procefs, return and account with the clerk of the crown, of thp county in which he fhajl be polle&or, on *>r before the firfl day of the aflizes next enfuing fucji rpfqrn and fliall in open court, ip tfie prefence of tbc grapd jury verify upon oath fucb return apa .account 5 gix$ r P7 fych

‘	......... *' foHj^or



lowers of collectors.

Levied off goods of debtors if fuflicient.

Conflables to be aiding.

Perfonrcorrv-mitted till debt paid. ’

o

Collators to make return, account and affidavit, fee.

Digitized by

Court of exchequer may line collector guilty of ne-gle-a,

Sums nihilled

The twen'yftvtnlh Tear of George III.

colledor (hall negled to lodge fuch copy with the clerk of the crown as aforefaid, or .(hall negled or refufe to verify upon oath fuch return and account in manner herein direA-then and in every fuch cafe, every fuch colledor may be fined by the judge of afiize, at his difcrction, and every fuch clerk of the crown is hereby required to annex fuch copy to the eflreats to be by him returned in the next term.

XII.	And be it enaded, That his Majefty’s court of exchequer may on the lad day of any term in which any fuch procefs (hall be returnable, impofe fuch .fine on any colledor who (hall not have made a return on tTie procefs to him delivered, and duly accounted for the fums therein comprized in fuch manner as by this ad is direded, as the faid court (hall think proper, and may award an attachment againil every fuch colledor* at fuch time as the faid court (hall think fit, and every colledor who (hall make a falfe return, or render an undue account, lhall be punifiiable by the faid court in fuch manner as the faid Court (hall think pro-per.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral fums

by return tranf- nihilled by fuch return (hall be traufmitted to the fagnd remitted to je- membrancer of the faid court, who (hall iflue the imra! pro-braucermCm* CC^S	°®ce» directed *n like manner to trvery fuch col-

lector for levying the amount of every fum fo nihilled as aforefaid, and every fuch collectors (hall make return of fuch procefs and account in like manner as is herein directed, with fefpect to the fecond fummons of the pipe.

XIV.	And be it enaded, That the comptroller of the pipe, and fecond remembrancer refpedivejy, (hall forthwith

Comptroller, after fuch return and account on the faid procefs as afore-clerk of Cti,rn *°	return the the clerk of pipe a tranfeript

trsnfcript of	a^	^um8	retarn^d	by fuch colledors to have been levied

fums, &c. by them refpedively, and of all fums for which any of the perfons in fuch procefs (hall have been committed to the cuftody of any fheriff or fheriffs, and the clerk of the pipe (hall thereupon make out a debit of the money which by fuch tranfeript (hall appear to have been levied by fuch colledor.

eve* *209°kvi	And ** cna^e<^» That the clerk of the pipe irt

every aos. evi- mak;ng out fuch	(hall	allow	to	every	fuch	collector

the fum of two (hillings and fix pence on every twenty (hillings, which (hall have been adually levied by him, and the further fum of one (hilling on every twenty (hillings for which any perfon or perfons hath or have been comiqit-Shcriffs to rc- *cd by fuch collector to any fheriff or fheriffs. turn names of XVI. And be it enaded, That every Iheriff in whpfe perfons commit- cuftody any perfon or perfons have been committed i>y any t to them, See. ft,ch	fcall.at the holding of every* com million of

oyer

is. for every 20s. for which a perfon committed.

Digitize^

li . e ^ _

The twentyfeventh Tear of George III.	4*3

oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery wi‘.hin their re(^ A. D. pective jurifdictions, return to the juftices of oyer and termi- *7^7-ner refpectively, a certificate, containing the names of the Chap. 32. feveral perfons committed to them refpectively by any fuch colled or, and who were in their cuftody at any time during the holding of the then next preceding commiffion of oyer and terminer, or have been fince committed to them and the times they were refpeftively committed, andthefums for which they were fo committed, and whether any, and which of fuch perfons thenVemain in their cuftody, and if not, by what authority they were refpeftively difeharged, and the gaoler of every fuch (heriff, (hall by affidavit to be fwom before fuch juftices of oyer and terminer, verify the truth of .the (aid certificate, and fuch certificate and affidavit (hall be lodged with the clerks of the crown of the feveral counties refpeftively, who (hall annex the fame to the eftreats of all forfeited recognisances returned by them purfuant to this aft.

XVII.	And be it enaftetl, That all (heriffs to whom any . Sheriff* dur-fuch perfons as aforefaid (hall be committed as aforefaid, ffcaSIewith (hall be chargeable with all fums For which fuch perfons weie for wh»ch fo committed to them refpeftively, in the fame manner as ^ on# comnut* they are now by law chargeable for fines on perfons convicted of any criminal offences, and committed to them for

fuch fines, and the comptroller of the pipe (hall iflue his ufual procefs again ft fuch (heriffs for the fame.

XVIII.	Provided always That where any perfon fo com- Sheriff* exon* mitted, and for whom any (heriff or (heriffs (hall become crac.c<* upon pro-chargeable as aforefaid, (hall not remain in the cuftody of

fuch (heriff or (heriffs; the (heriff or (heriffs to whom fuch coMeftor, or aa laft mentioned procefs (hall iffue, (hall upon his or their pro- order of cxcho-ducing a difeharge from the collector by whom any fuch perfon was committed, or on producing an order of the faid court of exchequer for the difeharge of any fuch perfon be exonerated on his account, for the fum for which fuch perfon fo difeharged was committed,

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That where any fuch	to	'

difeharge of any collector (hall be fo produced by any (he- belcept by clerk riff or (heriffs as aforefaid, fuch difeharge (hall be kept in of pipe,

the office of the clerk of the pipe, or whdte any colleftor finll charge himfelf with fuch fum as he (hall be chargeable with, in refpeft of any fuch perfon fo difeharged, the clerk of the p p^ (hall in each fuch cafe include fuch fum in the debit to be made in purfuance of this act, of the monies to be paid by fuch collector.

XX.	Provided always, That wheie any debit (ball be Upon fum*

made of any fuch fum, the clerk of the pipe (hall allow to	aM°w*

every fuch collector, the fum of one (hilling and fix pence cacfcS 109 above £ot every twenty (hillings thereof, over and above the fum aforefaid is.

of

Digitized by

Google

- Wj

4*4

A. D.

Collector to pay in funu, See.

Court of exchequer may proceed againft coile&art not paying.

The twntyfeveutb Tear of Qeorge III.

of otic (hilling for every twenty (hillings by this act dtre&ed to be allowed to fuch collector upon fuch fum as aforefaid.

XXL Aud be it ena&ed. That every collector (hall within ten days after the end of fuch term, in which any procefo to him directed (hall be returnable, pay into the receipt of the exchequer, all monies with which he (hall be chargeable purfuant to this ad, and (hall depofite an acquittance for the fame with the clerk of the pipe, who (hall give fuch col* ledor a certificate thereof, if the fame be required by him.

XXII.	And be it enaded. That the faid court of exchequer may and (hall proceed by fine and attachment again ft every colledor, who (hail not within the time by this ad for that purpefe prescribed, pay into the exchequer all fuch monies with which he (hall be then chargeable as aforefaid.

CHAP. XXXIV.

An AS to prevent the Stealing of Dogs.

WHEREAS the practice of dealing dogs has encreaf* ^cra>u» w«u	ed> f°r remedy whereof, be it enacted by the

ftad any* dog”” King’s moft excellent Majedy, by and with the advice and dec. forfeit 10I confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and b/'^he authority of the fame. That if any perfon (hall, from and after the palling of this act, deal any dog or dogs of any kind or fort whatfoever, from the owner or owners thereof, or from any perfon or perfons intruded by the owner or owneqpthereof* with fuch dog or dogs, or (hall fell, buy, receive, harbour, detain or keep any dog or dogs of any kind or fort whatsoever, knowing the fame to have been doleo as aforefaid, every fuch perfon upon being thereof lawfully convicted before one or more judice or juftices of the peace of the county, county of the city, or county of the town or place corporate, wherein fuch offence or offences (hall be committedt or before the juftices at the general quarter feffions of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, who are hereby authorized and directed fummarily and finally to hear and determine the fame Upon the confeffion of the party, or upon the oath of one or more perfon or perfons, which oath the faid juftices are hereby empowered to adminifter, (hall be punifh-cd by fine not exceeding ten pounds, and in cafe fuch fine er imprifoned (hall not be paid, (hall be imprifoned for any time not ex-1 month.	ceeding one month.

Second of-	II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

fence 201.	That ii any fuch perfon or perfons fo convi&ed, (hall com-

dr Imprifoned mft any of the offences aforefaid a fccond time, every fuch 3 motthJ.	7	pcri.0

Digitized by CjOOQle

The twaUjfrvenih Tear of George ill.

perron or perfons {o offending, and being thereof lawfully Convicted fhall be fined a fum not exceeding twenty pounds, and in cafe fuch fine (hall not be paid, (hall be imprifoned for any time not exceeding three months

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if fuch perfon or perfons fo convicted, (hall commit any of the offences aforefaid a third time, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending being thereof lawfully convicted, lhall be committed to the houfe of induftry, or houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding fix months#

IV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons by day or by night, wilfully and unlawfully take and carry away, or poifon or deftroy any maftiff or other dog, every fuch perfon being thereof convicted before one or more juft ice orjuftices ofthe peace for the county, city, or county of of a city, or town corporate, fuch offender or offenders, fhall be committed to the houfe of correction of fuch county, city, or place, for three months.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majefty*9 jullices of the peace in, or for any cotinty, division or place, upon information to him or them made for that purpofe, to grant a warrant or warrants, to fearch for any dog or dogs ftolen as aforefaid, and in cafe any fuch dog or dogs, or the fkin or /kins of fuch dog or dogs, fhall upon fearch be found, to take and reftore every fuch dog or dogs,

,jor fuch fkin or fkins to the owner thereof, and the pejfon or perfons in whofe cuftody or poffeflion any fuch dog or dogs, /kin or fkins fhall be found (in cafe it fhall appear that fuch perfon was privy to (uch dog or dogs having been ftolen as aforefaid, or that fuch fkin or fkins was or were the flein or fkins of any dog or dogs ftolen as aforefaid,) fhall refpectively be fubject and liable to the like penalties and punifhments as perfons convicted of dealing any dog or dogs, are herein before made fubject and liable to.

VI.	Provided always, That this act fhall .not be deemed or conftrued to extend to abridge the privilege of lords of manors.

. 4**

A. D.

tyBy.

"Chap. 34.

3d offence committed to houfe of cutrco* lion for 6 months.

Carrying

away orpoifoiU' ing dogs,, committed for j mouths.

Search wttw rants to bfc granted.

Privilege of lords of manors.

CHAP.

Digitized by



Google

4*5

A. D

*7*7

The twcnty-fxenth Tear of Ccoi£e III.

CHAP. XXXV.

An Ad for the Prefervation of the Came.

Amended 57 G. 3. c. 21.

From 1 ft Jane. 7787, the l4.fh Aim. e. 7.

13 14 G. 3. c.

4**

»<). ?o G. 3. c.

14. f 9.

«r. 22 G 3. c.

*>•

c> 53*

G- 3-	S3-

WHEREAS the laws heretofore made for the preferri* tion of the game have not proved effectual: be it therefore enacted by tlie King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the adv ice and coiifent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of June* one tlioufand feven hundred and cighty-feven, an aft patted in the eleventh year of the reign of her late Majefly Queen Anne, entitled, An ad for the letter prefervation of thi game ; and alfo the feveral claufts of an aft patted in the thirteenth and fourteenth yean of his prefent Majefty *« reign, entitled, An ad for reviving, continuing, and amending feveraI temporary fatutes, and for other purpofes therein mentioned?, which relat? to the prefervation of the game; and alfo a claufe of an aft patted in the nineteenth and twentieth years of h:s prefent Majelly^s reign, entitled, An ad for reviving and continuing feveral temporary fainter, which relate to the prefervation of the game ; and alfo the feveral clatrfes of an aft patted in the twenty-flril and twenty-fecond years of his prefent Majefty *s reign, entitled, An ad for reviving, continuing, and amending feveral temporary fatutes, which relate to the prefervation of the game; and alfo an aft patted in the f««id twenty-firft and twenty-fecond years of his prefent Majefty \s reign, entitled, An ad for the prefervation of the game ; and alfo an aft patted in the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majeftv*8 reign, entitled, An ad to amend an ad pqffed in the third year of his prefent Majcfy's reign, entitled. An ad for

Recital nf 1	And Pereas hy an a& patted in the tenth year of

tr. 3 c. 8? IO ^'s M^jcfly>king William the third, entitled. An ad for the prefervation of the game, and more eafy conviction of fucb as fall defroy the fame, it is enafted, That any j>erfon or persons who (hall fhoot at, kill, take, ordeftroy any hare, partridge, pheafant, ^roufe, quail, houfe dove, or pidgeon, con-tnry to fa id aft, (hall be ptiblickly whipped at the diferetion of the juftfee or juflicesof the peace, before whom he or they fliall be eonvifted: and whereas by the faid aft it is alfo enafted, That every conftable, head-borough and tything-man, or other perfon whatfoever, being thereunto authorized by warrant of one or more juflice or juft ices of the peace, under his or their hands and feals, (hall have full power and authority

*tlc twenty-fiventh Tear of George III.

Pity, and 13 thereby required to enter into, and fearch in fuch Ynanner, and with fuch power as in.cafe .where goods are fto-len, or fufpe&ed to be ftolen, the houfe or houfes, out-linufes, or other places belonging to fuch houfes of fufpefted perfons not qualified to kill game 9 and in cafe any venifon, inre, partridge, pheafant, pidgeon, filfr, fowl, or other game, lhall, upon fuch fearch or otherwife, be found, the offender fliall be carried before'fomq judice of the peace of the fame county, and if fuch perfon do not give a good account how he came by fuch venifon, hare, partridge, pheafant, pidgeofi, fifh, fowl, ur other game, as (hall (htjsfy the faid judice that the fame was not taken, killed, or gotten contrary to faid a&, or elfe (hall not in fome convenient time, to be fet by the faid judice, not exceeding fix days, produce the patty *>f whom he bought the fame, or forte other credible perfon, to depofe upon oath fuch falc thereof, that then fuch perfon not giving fuch good account, nof producing fuch witne.t ns aforeiaid, (hall be convi&ed by the faid judice or judice* of fuch offence, and upon fuch convi&ion (hall forfeit for every hare, partridge, pheafant, pidgeon, fifh, fowl, or ether game or venifon, any fum not Under five, and not exceeding the fum of twenty (hillings, to be ascertained by the faid judice, the-faid forfeiture to be levied by didrefs and fale of the offenders goods, and for want of didrefs the offender and offenders (hall be committed to the houfe of correct ion for any time nof exceeding one month, and not lefs thai ten days, there to be whipped and kept to hard labour ; and in cafe any perfon or perfons fo produced and charged with the faid offence (hall not, befofe the fame judice, give fuch evidence of his innocence as aforefaid, he (hall be convicted theieof hi the fame manner as the perfon or perfons fiid charged therewith is thereby direfted to be, and fo from perfon to perfon till the fird offender (hall be difeovered: and whereas by the faid a£t it is ena&ed, That the game keeper or gamekeepers, or any other perfon or perfons being thereunto authoiized by warrant, under the hand and fcal of any judice of the peace of the fame county, may in the day time fearch the houfes, out-houfes, or other places, of any perfon qr peifons by faid aft prohibited, to keep or ufe any guns, hounds, greyhounds, beagles, land-fpamels, or fetting dogs, as upon good ground (hall be fufpe&ed to have or keep the fame in his or their cudody : be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid fird day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, the (aid feveral recited claufea and parts of faid aft (hajl be, and they arc hereby repealed, and ppade pull and void.

Ill,

4*1

A. D.

«7*y-

Chap. 3$,

recited puts tepcakd.

Digitized by

Tat	tittenf)-Jeventh Year of Qcorge I!I.

A. D.

1787. Chap. 35.

Further recital of laid a& relative to burning mountain, Ice.

From I ft June 1787, per-Jonb who take, dcllroy, fell, or buy game here-in mentioned forfeit jl. for each.

III- And whereas by faid a 51 it is ena&ed, That no per-fon or perl >ns (hall after the twentieth day of O&ober, one thoufand fix hundred ninety-eight, burn on any mountain, hill, moor, bog, heath, or wafte ground, any greg-ling, furs, heath, gofs, or fern, at any other feafon of the year, fate only betweeu the fourteenth day of June, and the fecond day of February in every £ear, on pain that every perfon and perfous offending contrary thereunto, (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofetbe fum of five pounds; beitena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in Ciid a& (liallextend, or be conllrued to extend, to fubject the owner or occupier of any fuch mountain, bill, moor, bog, heath, or waffe ground, to faid penalty for burning greg-Ung, jars, heath, gofs, or fern, at any time of the year on fuch p«rf of faid mountain, hill, moor, bog, heath, or wafte ground, as (hall be broken Up for the purpofes of agriculture or planting.

IV And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That fromandafter the faid firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and cighty-fcven, every perfon who (hall wilfully take-kill, or deftroy, or who (hall fell or expofe to fale, or who (hall buy, or caufe to be bought any moor-game, heath-game, or groufe, between the tenth day of December, and Seventh day of Auguft in any year, or any phea&mt, partridge, quail, land-rail, or wild turkey, between the tenth day of Janp-ary and fii ft day of September in any year, (hall forfeit a fum not exceeding five pounds for every fuch moor-game, heath* game, or grotife, pheafant, partridge, quail, land-rad, or wild turkey $ and that every perfon who (hall buy, or caufe to be bought, fell, or expofe to fale* any hare at any time between the firlt Monday in every November, and the firft Monday in every July following, (hall forfeit a fum not exceeding live pounds for every fuch hare; and that every perfon who fhall make ufe of any gun, fnare, net, or other engine to take, kill, or deftroy any moor-game, heath-game, or grpufe, pheqfant, partridge, quail, land-rail, wild turkey, or other wild fowl, or any hare or rabbit on a Sunday, (hall fprfeit for every fuch offence a fum not exceeding five papnds $ and that every perfon who (hall wilfully take, kill, pr deftroy any hare, pheafant, partridge, quail, land*rail, moor-game, heath game, or groufe in the night, between one hour after fun-fctting and one hour before Tun-rifing, unlefs qualified to teke pr kill game, and upon his or her pw* lands, or duly authorised fo to do, (hall forfeit a fum not exceeding five pounds for every fuch hare, pheafant, partridge, quail, land-rail, moqr-gume, heath-game, or groufp fo taken, killed, or deftroyed; and that every perfon who (hall trace any hare, or other gaipe whatfoever in the fnow, unlefs qualified to take or kill game, and upon his or her *wn lands, (hall for every fuch offence

forfeit

Digitized by

Google*-.'. ^

*The twenty fcventh Tear of George III.

4*9

Pctforw, ua.

forfeit a fum not exceeding five pounds ; and that every per-fon who fhall wilfully deftroy the eggs of neft of any pheafant, partridge, quail, land-rail, tnoor-garae, heath-game, or groufe, wild duck, widgeon, plover, or fnipe, fhall fo|feit for every fuch ofFence a fum not exceeding five pounds. <'

V.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid fir ft day of June, one thoufand feven lefr vaiified, hundred and eighty-feven, every perfon who fhall ufe any ™hn° f1jarc°^c dog, gun, fnare, net, or other engine* or who fhall fet or fix forfeit tol. 6ck any fnare, net, Qr other engine, to take, kill, or deftroy any ' hare, rabbit, pheafant, partridge, quail, land-rail, moor-game, heath-game, or groufe, fnipe, or wood cock in the night, un-lefs qualified to take or kill game, and upon his or her own land, or duly authorized fo. to do, fhall for -every fuch of-fenCe, being thereof lawfully cpnvifted upon an indiftment to be preferred againft hipt, her, or them, at the general feflions to be held for the county, county of a city, or coun# ty of a tow n where fuch ofFence fhall be committed, forfeit a fom of ten pounds, and fuffer fuch other punifhment by im-prifonment or Whipping, as the juftices before whom fuch Offence fhall be tried, fhall direft.	,

"VI And be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid, haTi’^ j7p0f-That if any higler, chapman, carrier, viftualler, or ale-houfe fcCion, nc, keeper, fhall from and after the palling of this aft, have in except property his, her, Or their cuftody or poffcfiion, any hare, pheafant, ior partridge, moor-heath, game, groufe, land-rail or quail, oi 1 c » ° c* 5 fhall buy, fell, or offer to fell, atiy hare, pheafant, partridge, moor, heath-game, groufe, land-rail or quail; every fm;h higler, chapman, inn-keeper, viftualler, alehoufe keeper, or carrier, unlcfs fuch game in the hands of fuch carrier, be font up by perfon pr perfons qualified to kill the game, fhall upon conviftion of fuch offence, before ajufticc ofth* peace, forfeit the fum of five pounds.

VII And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Game in a That if any hare, pheafant, partridge, moor-heath, game, ^°iy &c. pcnaU groufe, land-rail, or quail, fhall be found in the (hop, houfe, 5 * or poffeflion of any poulterer, falefman, fifhmonger, cook, or paftry-cook, the fame fhall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be an expofing thereof to fell, within the true intent and ‘meaning of this aft, and the offender on conviftion thereof before ajufticc of the peace, fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds

VIII.	And whereas by an aft palled in the tenth year of Recital of iq the reign ofhis late Majefty king William the third, entitled, w- 3-An aft for the preftrvation of the game, and the more eafy conviction of fuch as fhall deflroy the fame, it is enafted, That no 'perfon or perfons (hall have or keep any fetting-dog or bitch,

'fscept tinder the qualifications and regulations therein particularly

Digitized by

Google

A. D. 1787.

Chap. 35.

Qualification tr* keeping

Higlcw, ficc with whom fame found not |ft>t from per-fbo* qualified, to forfeit for each bate, 6e<u sL

.	The	twenty	feventh Tear of George III.

cularly mentioned : be it enabled by the authority aforcfail, That from and after the faid firlt day of June, one thoofard feven hundred and eighty-feven, no perfon or perfons (hill have or keep any poiuter, hound, beagle, grey hound, or Iand-fpaniel, other than and except fuch perfon or perfon* u by the faid a£t may have or keep any fetting-dog or bitch, and under and Xubjeci to the fame qualifications, regulations, and penalties.

IX.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefafd, That from ^nd after the faid firft day of June, one thoufand fcven hundred and cighty-feven, every higler, cleevcr, carrier, Itage coachman, or chapman, in whofe poflefhon any live, phea. fant, partridge, quad, land-rail, moor-game, heath-game, or groufc, (hall De found, and every perfon not being quaiihej to take or kill game, who (hall fell or expofe to fale, or who (hall have fn his or her pofleflioti, any hare, pheafant, partridge, quad, land-rad, moor-game, heath-game, or groufc, and (hall not prove to the fatitffa&ion of any of his Majeft) \ jullices of the peace for filch county, county of a city, or county of a town where the offence (hall be committed,, or where the offender (hall be found, before whom he or (he (hall be brought, that he, (he, or they came fairly and hon-eftly by the fame, and bought or received the (arac from fome perfon or perfons qualified to take or kill game, (hall forfeit for every fuch hare, pheafant, partridge, quad, landrail, moof-game, heath-game, or groufe, a fum not exceeding live pounds, and that it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons being thereunto authorized by warrant Vinder the hand and feal of any of his Majefty’s juft ice* of the peace for any county, county of a city, or county of I town within their fefpc&ive jurifdi&ions, to fcarch the houf-es, out-houfes, or other places of any higier, cleever, tavern, keeper, or inn-keeper, carrier, ftage coachman, or chapman not qualified to take or kill game, who (hall be fufpeded Upon good and fufficient ground to have or keep in his cut-tody or pofleflion any hare, pheafant, partridge, quail, land-lail, moor-game, heath game, or grouic; and that it (hall be lawful for any of his Majefty’s jullices of the .peace within their refpe£live jurifdi&ions, to take and feize any liarc, pheafant, partridge, quail, land-arad, moor-game, heath-game, or grpufe which he (hall find in the poftelfion of any perfon or perfons not qualified to take or kill game, and that every fuch perfon in whofe poffeffion fuqh game be found, if he or (he (hall not prove to the fetisfadlion of fuch juftice, that hi or (lie came fairly and honeftly by the fame, and bought or reetdved the fame from fome perfon or perfons qualified to taJiQ or kiU fame* (hall forfeit for every fuch hare, pheafant,

*	partridge

1

The twenty fvenlh Tear of George III.

partridge, quail, land-rail, moor-game, heath-game, or groufe,

* fum not exceeding five pounds.

X.	And be it enafled by. the authority aforefaid. That from and after the laid firft day of June, one thoufand fevco hundred and cighty-feven, tio perfon or per fan? not being duly authorized ihall go or enter upon the land of any other perfon or perfons to.look for, fet, fpring, dart, follow, fhoot, l^kfbr * courfc, hunt, hawk, or otherwife purfue, tafie, or dellroy game, penalty any fort of game, wood-cock, fnipe, duck, teal, or widgeon, 10L and that each and every perfon and perfon9 offending in % any of the particulars herein fet forth, (hall for every Inch offence forfeit a fifm not exceeding ten pounds.

XI	* Provided always, That no perfon (hall be conffrued Not (teemed to be within the meaning of this a£t as looking for game, lookiiipfor tinlcfs fuch perfon (hall appear to be provided with a dog or game without dogs, gun or guns, net or nets, or fome other implement aot** **Cm ' for takt ig or dellroying game.

XII.	Provided alfo, That * nothin? herein contained (hall Qualified per ftibjetl any perfon or perfons duly qualified to take or kill Ions may puriuc game, his, or their fervants or neceffary attendants, to any of four-footed the penalties hereby inflicted for following or purfuing their Ka,no* four-footed game into the lands of other perfons.

XIII.	Provided always. That fuch other perfon or per- Damage* to fons may have fuch remedies and fuch redrefe againff perfons he recovered, fo following their game, for any damage they (hall do to

fuch other perfons, as fuch otheT perfons may have or be entitle;} to by law, any thing herein contained to the contrary not with (landing.

XIV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That	,	f

from and after the fal'd firlt day of June, one thoufand fevea giUin^mter-^ hundred and cighty-feven, any perfon or perfons who (hall maitins weJ take, kill, or deftroy otters, martins, weafels, rats, cormo- f«li,

rants, kites, fcal-crows or magpies, (hall receive for every otter or martin five (hillings, for every weafel one (hilling, for every cormorant or kite lix pence, for every fcal-crow or magpie three pence, and for every rat one penny, which faid feveial Turns on proof being made, by producing to the grand jury of the county, county of a city or county of a town in which fuch vermin was taken, killed, or deftroyed, an affidavit fworn before any twojuftices of the peace for fuch county, in the following form, which oath fuch juffices are hereby empowered to admini(ler,each and every grand jury at the general aflizes throughout this kingdom, (hall and arc hereby required topre-p#fcntto be levied in the ufual manner on the county, and paid to the perfons entitledto the fame; which faid feveraliums (hall be iii lieu of all rewards now payable by lawf or deilroying fiich. vcrfiiift.	/

Pcrfont not

(founty

♦

Digitized by Google

Oath*

The twentyfcventh Tear of George III.

County of	I	of	in the faid

coynty% do [wear that I have destroyed within this county Jince the left affixes heldfor the fame, the following vermin, viz.

XV.	Provided* That a certificate annexed to fuch affidavit figned by fuch two juftices, (hall be produced to fuch grand jury in the following form.

Certificate. We	and	fflicee of	the

• peace for this county, do certify that	of

hath produced to us the heads of the above-mentioned otter** martins^ weafels, rats, cormorants, kites, fcal<rows0 or mag* pies.

Dogs of per. Jbos not qualified, may be def-tvoyed.

Further ro-drclsfor da-xia^e.

Saving rights of lords of manor*.

How ofFcuces (ball be deter* netted, Ice.

XVI.	And be it enadedby the authority afore faid, That from and after the faid firft day of June, one thoufend feven hundred and eighty-feven, where any dog or dogs of what*

* ever fpecies belonging to any perfon or perfons not qualified or authorized to keep fetting dogs or hounds, (hall be known to deftroy any fort of game, or to kill or wound iheep, or bite horles, to the annoyance ofrtravellers on the high-way, or which in any other refpeft (hall prove a nuifence, on information thereof given upon the oath of one credible wit-nefs before a juftice of the peace for the county, county of a city, or county of a town where fuch dog or dogs (hall happen to be, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice to furamon the owner of fuch dog or dogs to appear before him, and after a full enquiry to iflfue his warrant for deftroy-ing fuch dog or dogs as (hall be informed again ft, in cafe be (hall fee fufficient caufe for the (arae, but not otherwife.

XVII.	Provided neverthelefs, That nothing herein contained (lull prevent any perfon or perfons from obtaining fuah further or other redrefs for any damage which he or they (hall fullain by means of any fuch dog or dogs, as he or they may be entitled to by the laws now in force.

XVIII.	Provided always. That nothing in this aft con-* tained (hall be conftrued to affeft, injure or leiTcn in any way whatfoever the rights or privileges of lords of manors.

XIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid. That all offences againft this aft not herein otherwife provided for, (hall and may be enquired into, and determined either by the oath or oaths of one or more credible wit-nefs or witneffes, or by the confeflion of the parties accufed before one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of thepeaceAr any county, county of a city or county of a town where the offence (h^ be committed**** found ; and fuch juftice of the peace is hereby empowered to grant and iffue his warrant for thcdiftrainiijg and falc of the goods of the party offending, in

j	order

Digitized by

Google

The twcnty-feventh Tear of George III.

•rder to raife the penalty or forfeiture: and in cafe no fu®-cient diftrefs (hall be found, the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall by warrant of fuch juftice of the peace be committed to the houfe of induftry or houfe of corre&ion, there to be kept to hard labour, or to the gaol of fuch county, city or town, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding one calendar month, or until fuch fine (hall be paid.

XX.	Provided always, That fuch profecution (hall be Commenced within fix calendar months after the offence (hall be committed.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore -faid, That from and after the faid firft day of June, >ne thou-fand feven hundred and eighty-feven, all forfeitures to be incurred for any offence againft the game laws, (hall when recovered be paid, one half to the informer or profecutor and the other half to the ufe of the county infirmary, or houfe of induftry, firft deducting a fum after the rate of two (hillings for every twenty which (hall be paid to the confta-ble or conftables for his or their trouble in executing the warrants of fuch juftice of the peace, if fuch juftice (hall think fit.

XXII* And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the (aid firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, it (hall not be lawful for any juftice or juftices of the peace before whom any perfon or perfons (hall be tried in a fummary way, for any offence or offences committed againft any laws now in force for the pre-fervation of the game, to#order or dire& any perfon or perfons to be whipped or any other corporal puniftuhent for any offence or offences committed againft faid laws

XXIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon (hall think him or herfelf aggrieved by any thing done in purfuance of the laws relative to the game, by any juftice of the peace, fuch perfon may appeal to the next general fefllons for the faid county where the caufe of complaint (hall arife, who are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame, and if need be, to caufe to be impannelled a jury to try the fad or fads which may arife upon fuch matter of complaint, and to award fuch cofts to the parties appealed againft, as they the faid juftices (hall think juft and reasonable, fuch perfon appealing having firft entered into a recognizance before fome juftice of the peace for faid county, with two fufficient fureties conditioned, to try fuch appeal, and abide the order of and to pay fuch cofts as (hall be awarded by the faid juftices, and the determination of the faid juftices (hall be final, binding* and conclufive to all intents and purpofes) and no order made Vol. VIII.	E e	concerning

Profecution* in 6 months.

Application of forfeitures.

No perfpns to be whipped, &c. for offences.

Perfons aggrieved may appeal to general quarter icixons*

Digitized by (^.ooQle

434	Tfo	twenty feventh Tear of George 111.

A. D. concerning any matters, proceedings, conviftion, or convfc-1787. tions aforefaid, relative to the game, (hall be quafhed foe Chap. 35. want of form, or be removed by a certiorari, or any other * writ or pfocefs whatfoever, into his Majefty’s court of King’s bench in Dublin.

XXIV. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Geneiml iflue That if any perfon or perfons (hall be filed or profecuted for pleaded.	any thing jonc jn purfuance of this aft, he and they may

plead the general iflue, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter in evidence, and the judges (hall allow the fame.

CHAP. XXXIX.

An A8 to explain and amend an Act pajjird in the Twentyfixth Tear of his prefent Majejly’s Reign, entitled. An Ad for amending and carrying more ejfedually into force the frwral J^aws How in being for regulating the publick Gaols and Pri~ fans throughout this Kingdom.

Recital of 16 \T7HEREAS by an aft pafled in the twenty-fixth G. 3. c. 17. f*4* VV year of his prefent Majefty, it is enafted, That it 5-	(hall	and may be lawful for the term grand jury of the coun-

ty of the city of Dublin, at every Eafter term, to appoint a proper perfon to be infpeftor of all the gaols, marihalfcas, houfesof correftion, fpunging-houfes, and other prifons within the faid city, and the liberties thereunto adjoining ; and it is further provided, that the infpeftor fo appointed (hall be approved of by his Majefty’s court of King’s-bench : and whereas it may happen that the perfon (o eleAed by the gran4^jury may not be approved of by the court of King’s-bench: be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for the grand jury aforefaid, at any one of the four quarterly terms, to nominate three or more perfons, and to return the fame to the court of King’s-bench, to ferve the office of infpeftor as aforefaid, and it (hall and may be lawful for the faid court to cleft and appoint fome one perfon from and out of the faid perfons fo returned by the grand jury aforefaid, and the perfon fo clefted and appointed, (hall be deemed and confidered to be the infpeftor of prifons for the city of Dublin, and the liberties thereof.

II. Provided always, That if the faid court of King’s-tobe appointed Pencil ^ec cau^e to refufe their approbation to any of ' the three perfons fo nominated by the grand jury aforefaid, that then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor of the kingdom for the time

being,

Digitized by

Google



Hit duty.

Further reel-

The twenty feventh Team of George III.

being, to appoint aninfpe&or for the county of the faidcity, and the faid grand jury or juries, are hereby empowered and required to make fuch preferments as a compenfation for the time and trouble of faid infpedor thus returned and cle&ed, as are prescribed anc* directed by faid a&.

III.	Provided always, That the infpc&or fo appointed (hall be required to fulfil the feveial duties directed to be performed by the faid recited a&, by the infpe&or of prifons for the city of Dublin, and that he (hall deliver his report of the date of the prifons of the city of Dublin, to the in-fpe&or general of prifons, to be by him laid before Parliament, and fl&ll likewife report to the court of Kin^'s-bench the date of the feveral places of confinement, and his infpec-tion twice every year, viz. on the firft days of every Eafter and Michaelmas term.

IV.	And whereas by a claufe in the faid a£l it is provided, That it (hall not be lawful for the grand jury to make preferment for the phyfician’s falary appointed by faid aft, c* unlefs faid phyfician fhall have firll produced a certificate figned by the infpeftor of the prifons of the city, or county of the city aforefaid, for the time being, fetting forth that the faid phyfician has duly executed the feveral duties required by faid aft: and whereas no fuch infpeftor \was appointed in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-Gx : be

it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the grand jury of the city of Dublin as aforefaid, fhall and may, and they are hereby empowered to prefent, if they fhall think fit, the falary appointed for faid phyfician by faid aft, as well for the lad as for the prefent, and all future years ; any thing in the faid recited aft to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

V.	And whereas by the faid recited aft, The grand jury Further recU aforefaid are empowered to prefent fuch fum or fums for pay- ta* °* G 2* ment of bills for medicines or other necefTaries, as mentioned c a?‘ *

in faid ad, provided the fame (hall not exceed the fum of fifty pounds (terling; and whereas the faid fum has been found by experience to be infu(ficient to provide fuch medicines and medical necefTaries as afoiefaid: be it'enacted, That the grand jury (hall and may, and they are hereby empowered to prefen fuch fum or fums as they (hall think fit for fuch purpofes as aforefaid, provided the fame (hall not exceed the fum of two hundred ppunds fterling in any one year

VI.	And whereas by the faid recited act it is enacted,

That the duration of the office of the infpeftor general of prifons (hall not exceed the term of two years from the date of his appointment: and whereas the further continuance of the faid office will much contribute to effectuate the neceflary reform in the management of gaols and prifons: be it enabled by chief g°ovcrn^

E e 2	He	pleafei.	~

Office of «n-fpedor continu-

Digitized by

Google

* i si per quar-tei to the ordinary of the uew pnfon and houfe of cor region.

Prefcntments for providing wards and fup-port for idiots andinfuie per-Un».

26 O. 3. c. 27. in force, except as altered hereby.

The twenty-fevcnlh Tear JGeorge III.

the authority aforefaid, That the lord lieuteuant, or chief governor for the time being, may continue faid office for fuch further term a* he may think neceflary or expedient, any thing in the faid recited a& to the contrary notwith-landing.

VII.	And whereas the grand jury aforefaid, are empowered by faid recited aft at Eafter term in every year, to pre-fen^ a fum not exceeding fixty pounds, as a falary and re-compence for the ordinary of the new prifon and the houfe of correction in the county of the city of Dublin : be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That in lieu thereof, it fhaH aod may be lawful for faid grand jury at each of the quarterly terms to prefent a fum not exceeding fifteen pounds, as a falary and recompence for the faid ordinary, fubject always to the reftrictions and regulations in faid act contained.

VIII.	And be it enabled by the authoiity aforefaid That the grand juries of the feveral counties, counties of cities, and counties of towns in this kingdom, may be empowered to prefent from and after the palling of this act, fuch fum or Turns of money as (hall appear to them to be neceflary at the fpring and fummer aflizes to be held for each refpective county, for providing and fupporting a ward or wards for the reception and fupport of fuch idiots and infane perfons as (hall be from time to time recommended by two or more magiftrates of fuch county, which magiftrxtes fhail certify that fuch perfons fo recommended, are idiots or infane, and deftitute of any means of fupport, faid fums to be accounted for by the furgeons of faid county infirmaries, in fame manner as the provifions allowed to prifoners in county gaols are accounted for.

IX.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, articles, rules, penalties, and claufes in the faid recited act of the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty contained, except what are hereby altered, (hall be of full force and effect, and (hall continue during the continuance of the faid recited act of the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty, for the intents and pur-pofes in the faid recited act, and herein contained, as if the fame powers and authorities granted and given by the faid act were herein again repeated and re-enacted in the body of this prefent act, any thing in the faid former act to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	Whereas it is neceflary and proper that a reafonable portion of food (hnuld be given to all prifoners confined for any offence in this kingdom: be it enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful for the infpettors of every gaol,*bride-well, or houfe of corre&ion in this kingdom, and he is hereby required to procure and proride'bread, meal, potatocs,*or

fuck

The twenty fevenlh Tear of George III,	437

fuch other food as he (hall judge mod proper, to the value of A. D. not lefs than three pence per day for every prifoner confined 1787. for any offence under his infpection, and to caufe the fame to Chap. 39. be regularly diflributed among the faid prifoners twice in '— every week, to wit, on Sundays and Thurfdays, in prefence 3d. allowed of faid infpector, and the gaoler or keeper of fuch prifon ; p^ySions for and the grand juries of the feveral counties, counties of cities, eJCh perfon per and counties of towns in this kingdom, are hereby empow- day, &c, ered and required to make fuch preferments in advance as they may deem neceffary to provide for the fame, fuch preferments to be in lieu of the allowance for bread hitherto granted for the maintenance of prifoners ; and the feveral fum9 fo prefented (hall be paid over to the infpe&ors afore-faid, and fhall be duly accounted for by them upon oath.

XI.	Provided always, That the infpe&or of the county inCpe<ftor and of the city of Dublin, an$ the chaplain or ordinary of the ord|nary of new New prifon in the faid city, fhall divide the duty of diftri- [he duty of dif* bring (aid allowance equally between them ; and the cer- tributlngfkid tificate of either, together with that of the gaoler, (hall be allowance.

a fufficient warrant to the treafurer of the faid city, for the

payment of fuch fum or fums as may be expended in provid-	t

ing faid food.

XII.	And be it ena&ed, That the faid infpe&or-general Infpe&orge-of prifons fhall have power, and he is hereby required to vifit neral to vifit all and infpe& as often as he fhall think fit, all mad-houfes and pdfon», Sic. places where idiots or lunaticks are confined, as well as gaols

and prifons throughout this kingdom ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall hinder, moled, or prevent faid infpe&or-general from vifiting and infpe&ing any of the places of confinement herein before named, fuch perfon or perfons, being duly convicted thereof upon oath before any one magiflrate or jufi. tice of peace in the county or city where faid hinderance was jnade, he or they (hall be fined in zdf fum not exceeding fifty pounds, to be recovered by diftrefs and fale of the goods pf the perfon or perfons fo offending.

XIII.	And whereas it is enaCted by the faid act of the Further reck twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majeffy, That if any of the tal°Ia6 grand juries therein mentioned being properly called upon, 27,i*

fhall notwhhftanding negleCt or omit to make fuch presentments or provifions as are mentioned ip faid a& before the laft day of the affixes, in fuch cafes the judges fhall fine fuck county in any fum not exceeding two hundred pounds, which claufe has not been found fufficiently to extend to the county o£ the city of Dublin :be it therefore enabled by the authority afore-faidy That in cafe the grand juries of the faid county of the city of Dublin, after hiving been properly c?lled on and dire&edby fuch judges to form fuch presentments as are mentioned in this

or in the faid recited aCt of the twenty-fixth of his prefent

Majcfty’a.

*



Digitized by L.ooQle

43*

A. D.

17*7-

The fwenty fevent b Tear of Gtqrge I IT.

Majcft’s reign, (hall notwithftanding neglect or omit to make fuch prefentment or provifions refpectlvcly before the lad day of the term in which fuch prefentment ought to be made, in . every fuch cafe the judges who are to receive the prefentment 8 of faid grand jury are hereby required, dire&ed, and empowered to impofe fuch fine or fines on the faid county of the faid efry of Dublin, as they (hall deem juft and necef? fary, not exceeding the fum of two hundred pounds.

CHAP. XL.

An Ad for the better Execution of the Law, and Prefervation of the Peace within Counties at large,

To sc Apnl 1B0 ficc. 36 O. 3 c. iv f *;o. Amended ;i G, Z c. 29. 3b G. 3- c. *$•

c. 30.

faid repealed.

Jnftices who took the oaths, icC,

»V>r pay fees.

WHEREAS by an act pafied in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad for afeertaining the qualification of fufh perfons as Jhall tahe out comm 'tjfions of the peace for counties at large ; certain qualifications are required to entitle any perfon to exercife the office of a juftice of the peace within fuch countiesin this kingdom: and whereas itisneceflary tore-peal the faid act, and it maybe expedient toiflue newcommiffi* oners of the peace for the feveral counties at large in this kingdom: be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent Ma-, jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the (aid recited act, and every claufe, matter, and thing therein contained, be, and the fame is, and are herehy repealed and tnade void.

II. And in cafe it (hall be thought proper to iffue new Commiffions of the peace for any fuch county: be it further enacted, That no perfoo named or appointed a juftice of the peace in any fuch new commiffion, who (hall have been named or appointed a juftice of the peace in any fuch former comihiffion, and (hall have taken the oath of office of a juftice of the peace, and performed the other requifites preferi-bed by law to qualify himfelffor executing the fame, (hall be obliged again to take fuch oath of office, or perform the other requifites preferibed by law, in order to qualify him-felf to execute the fame, but every fuch perfon fo re appointed, (hall, and he is hereby enabled to execute the office of a juftice of the peace -in every fuch county in which he (hall be fo re-appointed, without again taking fuch oath of office, or again performing any other fuch requifite, any law to the contrary notwithftanding ; nor (hall any fuch perfon fo re-ap-* pointed, be charged with, or pay any fee ^rhatfoever, for or on account of any fuckjiew commiffion.

III. And

*

Digitized by

Google

T6c iwentyfeventb Tear of George III.

III.	And for the better execution of the law and for pre-ferving the peace in this kingdom: be it enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, by and with the advice of the privy council, to divide fuch of the feveral counties at large of this kingdom as they (hall think fit, into fuch number of diftritls as to them (hall feem meet for the purpofes of this and none other; every fuch diftrict to confifl of a barony, half barony, or fuch number of baronies or half baronies within the faid counties refpe&ively, as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors aforefaid for the time being, by and with the advice of the privy council, (hall appoint, and every fuch diftri£l (hall be di(lingui(hed by the name of fomc one barony or half barony of which it (hall be compofed.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That it (ball and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors aforefaid, from time to time to nominate and appoint one principal peace officer in each fuch diftrict ref-pectivelv; fuch principal peace officer to be called chief con-liable of fuch diftrict, and that the grand jury of each county at large, at the aifizes, (hall from time to time nominate and appoint fixteen proper perfons, being proteftants, to act as fub-conftables within every fuch diftrict; fuch fub-conftables to be in lieu and in the place of all fub-conftables appointed, or to be appointed by fuch grand juries for baronies or hz\if baronies, according to the laws now of force; and all fuch fub-couftables to be appointed by virtue of this act as aforp-faid, (hall at all times be aiding and aflifting -in preferving the peacej and executing the law within every fuch diftrict, and (hall obey fuch lawful directions as they fhall from time to time receive from any magiftrate of the county wherein fuch diftrict fhall lie, or from the chief conftable of fuch diftrict ; and the faid chief conftable fhall in like manner obey fuch lawful directions as he fhall from time to time receive from any fuch magiftrate as aforefaid^ for the preservation of the peace, and a due execution of the law; and if any of the aforefaid perfons fhall neglect or refufe fo to obey as aforefaid, he or they fhall be liable to fuch penalty not exceeding forty,, (hillings, to be levied by diftrefe and (ale of the goods of the party, by order of the jnftices at the next feffi-ons of the peace for fuch county, and (uch imprifonment in the common gaol, not exceeding one oj^pth. as the faid juf-tices after examination and proof upon oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or the confeffion of the party, (hall iinpofe and direct.

V.	And be it enacted. That the faid chief conftables, and fub-conftables refpectively fhall have all privileges, powers*

and

Lord lieutenant, See. may divide the cpifii-tries into dif-tri&s.

Chipf coq(U-bles appointed. See.



Digitized by

Google

♦

440

Powers of eaief and fub-conftables

3d. per mile to condables fol conveying pri-foneis, See.

Juftices empowered to order condables to f upprefc riots, &c.

Condables empowered to demand retailers of liquors to produce their li-ecnfe, dec.

The twenty-feventh Tear of George III.

and authorities, and (hall be fubjeft to the fame penalties and regulations, which any high conftable, or petty confta-ble is now by law entitled to, and (hall within their refpec-tive diftrifts aft on foot or on horfeback, as minifterial officers of the peace, as well by night as by day, for the better preventing the commiffion of offences, and for the more fpee-dy and certain apprehending of offenders againft the peace within fuch diftrift refpeftively, and for aflilting in the execution of the law, and fuch chief condables and fub-confta-bles refpeftively, (hall be provided wkh proper arms and accoutrements, and (hall do duty as well by night as by day, and on foot or on horfeback, as to the faid magiftrates (halj feem meet.

VI.	And be It enafted, That there (hall be paid to every con ft able, who by virtue of a mittimus under the hand and' feal of any juftice of the peace, (hall carry to, and fafely lodge in the county gaol, any perfon or perfons charged with any offence againft the peace, and committed to fuch conftable by fuch juftice, the fum of three pence her mile, for each mile the perfon or perfons fo committed (hall be carried; and alfo that the like fum (hall be paid to each of fuch number of pn>-teftants armed with fire arms, as fuch juftice of the peace (hall think neceffary for guarding fuch prifeyrer or prifoners to the county gaol, and who (hall go along with fuch conftable to the county gaol vvithjfuch prifoner or prifoners; which faid fums (hall be raifed by the grand juries of the refpec-tive counties, in the fame manner ?s the county charges are raifed.

VII.	And be it enafted, That as often as any riot, rout, or tumultuous or unlawful affembly /hall happen, or when there (hall be reafonable ground to apprehend there may be any riot, rout, or tumultuous or unlawful affembly, if (hall be lawful for the faid juft ices, or any of them, to require the afliftance of all or any of the chief condables appointed to aft in each diftrift in their refpeftive counties, upon requifiti-on made personally, or in writing by the faid juftices, or any of them to attend, together with tlie fub-conftables afting within their refpeftive diftrifts, at fuch time and place as the faid juftices, or any of them (hall direft as aforefaid, and the faid chief condables and fub-conftables (hall be difpofed of, and aft in fuch manner as (hall feem beft to the faid juftices or any of them for fuppreffing or preventing fuch riot, rout, or tumultuous or utlawful affembly.

VIII.	And be it enafted, T^hat it (hall and may be lawful for the faid juftices, and chief condables, or any of them at any time, to demand from any viftualler, or other perfon felling beer, ale, or fpirituous liquors, his, or her licenfe for felling beer, ale or fpirituous liquors, and every fuch perfon

ihal|

The twenty-fewnlh Tear o/Gcorge III.

fhall upon fuch demand produce his or her licenfe, on pain of forfeiting the fum of five pounds, for every time he or /he fhall negleft, or refufe to produce his or her licenfe as aforefaid, to be levied by diflrefs and fale of the goods of the party, by warrant under the hand and feal of any juf-tice of the peace upon proof made before fuch juftice, by the the oath of one credible witnds of fuch neglc£l or refufal ; and in default of paying fuch fine fhall be committed to the common gaol, for any time not lefs tliau one, or more than three months, urdefs fuch forfeiture fhall be fooner paid.

IX.	And be it further etia&ed, That the faid principal peace officers in each diftrift, called chief conftablea, fhall be feverally and refpe&ivcly paid fuch falariea, as the lord lieutenant or other chief governor, or governors aforefaid, for the time being, fhall by warrant dire&, not exceeding the fum of fifty pounds to any fuch chief cpnflable.

X.	Provided always, That no fuch falary, or any part thereof fhall be paid, unlefs it fhall appear by a certificate of the juilices, who fhall have attended at the general fcflious next preceding the tirrre when fuch falary fhaTl become due, pf the good condud of fuch chief conftable, and that he has duly executed his office, and not otherwise.

XL And be it ena&ed, That the grand jury /ot each cotinty at large, fhall, and may at each affizes, prefent any fum not exceeding twelve pounds, nor lefs than ten pounds for every fuch fub-con (table in every fuch did rid, the fame to be raifed oUt of every barony, and half barony within ■ fuch diftrict, in fuch proportions as the prefentments of the county at large are raifed on fuch baronies, and half baronies refpedively, fuch fums fo to be prefented and raifed For fuch fub-con (tables, to be paid to them refpedively, by 'the treafurers of faid counties refpectively.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fum whatsoever prefented for any fuch fub-conftable, fhall be paid to him, (irtlefs it fhall appear by a certificate of the jufl ces who fhall have mended at the general feflions of the peace, holden within the diftrict in which fuch fub-con (table pad been appointed, next immediately preceding fuch affizes, or if no genetal feffions fhall have been held within fuch diftrict, fubfequerit to the then preceding affizes, then by a certificate of the juftices who fhall have attended at the general feffiA, holden within any adjacent diftrict in fuch county, next immediately preceding fuch affizes, and by a 'certificate of the chief conftclile of the diftrict, that fuch fub-conftable duly executed the duty of his office, and be-laved property therein ; and the judges of affize refpectivcly, jnay then, and not before, difeharge the quere on the fum

prefented

Salary of chief coofto-blc, 50I,

Their con. 'hi ^ to be certified, &c.

ill. for eich fab eao-flah’.e.

Jnfticci certificate of cundnd of fub* ronttablea.

Digitized by

442

The t’wenty-feventh Tear of George III.

A. D.

1787. Chap. 40.

Juft ires to Bind offenders, Sureties, &c.

Central

feffions to be held 8 timet 2 year.

prefented for each fub-conftable, who (hall appear by loch certificates, to have duly executed his duty, and behaved properly in his office as afarefaid ; and in cafe it lb all appear to fuch judge of afiize, that any fuch fub-conftable has ne-gjecttd duly to execute the duties of his office as aforefafd, then, and in every fuch cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for every fuch judge of afiize, to difmifs and remove fuch fub-cooftable from his office, and thereafter the grand jury at fuch affizcS, fhall forthwith appoint a proper perfon to ad as a fub-conftable, in the place of every perfon fo difmifled and removed.

XIII.	And be it enadled, That al} juft ices of the peace taking recognizances for the appearance or profecution dtf offenders againft the peace, fhall bind fuch offenders and their fureties, and fuch profecutors refpe&ively, in fuch recognizances in reafonable fums, according to the nature of the offence, and no peifon ofFering to become furety for the appearance of any fuch offender, fhall be accepted as fuch, ua-lefs it (hall appear to the juftice taking fuch recognizance by oath of the party, that he is worth the fum in which he is fo to be bound, over and above his juft debts, and that he 14 a houfekeeper, and has a certain place of rcfidence, naming it; and every jufiicc taking fuch recognizance, fhall therein deferibe the names and occupations of the perfons to be bound, with the name of the place, parifh, and barony, in which they refpe&ively refide, and the fcveral clerks of the crown and peace in this kingdom, fhall in the eftreats of afi fuch recognizances as fhall be forfeited, deferibe in like manner the names and occupations of fuch perfons, with the names of the places, parifhes, and baronies in which they refide, as mentioned in fuch recognizances.

XIV.	And whereas it is neceflary that feffions of the peace be frequently holden in certain counties at large of this kingdom refpe&ively, and it would tend to the due admi-niftration of juftice at fuch feffions, if theiuftices of every fuch county prefiding at feffions t were affifted by counfel learned in the law ; be it therempf enadled, That general feffions of the peace fhall be holden in every county of this kingdom, which fhall be divided into diftridis purfuant tp this adt, eight times in every year at the leall, the four new feffions to be holden in fix weeks from the times refpedtivcly now by law appointed for the holding of the general quarter feflions of the peace, and that it fhall and m^be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom fdr the time being, by and with the advice of {he privy council, to appoint proper and convenient towns, in every fuch county at which fuch feffions fhall be holden fucceffively.

XV. An4

443

The twentyfeventh Tear of George III.

XV.	And be it enafled, That it /hall and may be lawful A. D. for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors 1787. of’this kingdom for the time being, from time to time, to Chap. 4c. * nominate and appoint a barrifter at law, of fix years (landing v—•~^r****~J at the lead, not being a member of Parliament, to ad as a Lord beacon ftant afiiftant to tne juftices at every fuch feflion of the ccnaiu*° peace ; and every fuch barrifter fo appointed, (hall forth- of 6 years™ with be included in the com mi (lion of the peace for the ftandin*, a» county in which he (hall be fo appointed, and (hall duly at- afliftaimto the tend at every feflion of the peace holden in fuch county, and 3U^ICC*

(hall continue fuch attendance during the whole of every fuch feflion.

XVI.	And be it enabled, That the faid afliftants /hall be 3°°! yearly feverally and refpedively paid fuch falaries as the lord lieu- Jor eac^ tenant, or other chief governor or governors of this king- tcr*

dom for the time being /hall by warrant dired, not exceed* ing the yearly fum of three hundred pounds to any of the faid afliftants; provided that no member of the houfe of commons in the prefent or any future Parliament, (hall, during the time of his being a member of the houfe of commons, be capable of holding the faid office of fuch afliftant bar* rider.

XVII.	And be it ena&ed, That the clerks of the peace Clerks of of the feveral counties at large of this kingdom (hall, on the Peac* ?° rc’?ni fecond day of every aflizes, which (hall refpedively be hoi-

den in fuch counties, return to the juftices of aflize of fuch jUitice»of counties, a lift of the feveral juftices of the peace of every peace, &c-fuch county who (hall refide therein, together with the places of refidence of fuch juftices refpc&ively, and in cafe any fuch clerk of the peace, (hall negledt to return any fuch lift as by this ad is dire&ed, the juftices of aflize (hall impofe a fine pn every fuch clerk of the peace omitting to make fuch return, not lefs than ten pounds, as fuch juftices of aflize in their difetetion (hall think fit.

XVIII.	And be it enaded, That the juftices of aflize, Tnftices of (hall at every aflizes, at which fuch lifts as afbrefaid /hall be alTize to nonu-retumed, nominate, and Appoint a certain number of juf. ^ate j^&c*** tices refpectively to attend at every feflion of the peace, to iXC'

be holden within fuch county as aforefaid, having due regard to the diftance of the refidence of every fuch juftice from the town,at which every fuch feflion is to be holden, and the faidjufti-ces of aflize (hall form and figna table thereof accordingly, which table /hall be delivered to the clerk of the peace of each county refpectively, and a copy thereof /hall be by him polled on the door of the county court-houfe before the end of eyery aflizes refpectively, and (hall alfo be furni/hed by him every juftice of the peace refident within fuch county,

before

*

DigitizecLby

Google

444

A. D.

1787-Chap. 40.

Any juftice may attend.

A regjftry to

be be kept of juftice* who attend and ad.

Juftice* no* in mated in fuch lift, to be freed from ar. reft.

Fine*, and penalties to be be paid to treasurer of the couut.y.

Continuance 3 years, See.

The tweaty-feventh Tear of George III.

before the time for holding the then next feflion of the peace.

XIX.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained, fhall be conftrued to extend, to exclude or prevent any jnf-tice of the peace, not named in fuch table, from attending or prefiding at any feflion of the peace which (hall be holdea in fuch county.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That the clerks of the peace in every fuch county refpectively, (hall keep a regifter of the juftices who (hall attend, and act at every fuch (irffion, and (hall on the fecond day of every aflfizes, return to the judges of aflize in fuch counties, a lift of fuch juftices u (hall have fo attended and acted, which lifts respectively, every fuch judge of aflize is hereby required to return to the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, of the great feal for the time being, on the firft day of the next enhiuig team.

XXI.	A nd be it further enacted. That no juftice of the peace who (hall be named in fuch table as aforefaid, (haft for the fpace of two days before the feflion, at which, by the faid table, he (hall be nominated to attend, or daring ha attendance at fuch feflion, or for two days after he (hall have duly attended at any fuch feflion, be liable to any arreft on any procefs whatfoever in any civil ftiit or action between party and party.

XXII.	Provided always. That nothing in this act contained (hall extend to the holding of feCGons of the peace within the county of Dublin.

XXIII.	And be it enacted, That all fines and penakiei inflicted by virtue of this act, and levied by virtue of a warrant of any magiftrate, or magift rates, (hall be paid to the treafurer of the county, in which the fame (hall be levied, and (hall be by him accounted for before the grand jury of fuch county, and be applied in fuch manner as fuch grand jury (hall direct, towards defraying the expences which ftudl incur in the execution of this act.

XXIV.	And be it ena&ed, That this a& (hall continue and be of force for three years, and from thence to the cud of the then next feflion of Parliament, and no longer.

1

CHAP,

*





Tie twenty-fcventh Tear of George III.

CHAP. XLI.

to

445

A. D.

1787.

An Ad for amending and making perpetual an Ady entitled. An Ad for buying andfelling all Sorts of Com and Meal, and other Things therein mentioned, by Weighty and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds committed in the buying and felling thereof	*

WHEREAS by an aft made in the fourth year of Aa******- * her late Majefty Queen Anne, entitled, An ad for the regulating the weights ufed in this kingdom, and that fait mnd mealJhall be fold by weight: it is enacted, That in every city, borough, and market-town, within this kingdom, there (hall be appointed by the chief magiftrate (except in places where the tolls and cuftoms belong to any other perfon) and in all fuch places by the perfon or perfons to whom the tolls and cuftoms belong, an honeft and difereet perfon to be weigh-mafter, to weigh all goods between buyer and feller, and fuch chief magiftrate or perfons to jvhom the tolls and cuftoms belong, are thereby required, under certain penalties therein mentioned, to provide fuch weigh-mafter with juft balances and weights to weigh all manner of goods: and whereas by an aft pafted in this kingdom in the twenty-fifth year of his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled.

An ad for buying and felling all fort of corny mealy and other things therein mentioned, by weight, and for the more effcdual preventing of frauds committed in the buying and felling thereof; which faid laft mentioned aft hath been continued by feveral •ft 8 pafted fmee the making thereof, and particularly hath by an aft pafted in the twenty-firft and twenty-fecond years of his prefent Majefty, entitled. An ad for reviving, continuing and amending feveral temporary Jlatutes ; been continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, and to the end of the then next feflion of Parliament : and whereas the faid aft hath been by long experience found very beneficial to his Majefty's fub-jefts, and is fit to be made perpetual: be it therefore enafted by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid laft mentioned aft be, and the fame h hereby made perpetual.

5	U. And

Digitized by Google

The twenty -/event6 Year ef George III.

Recital of t$ G. 2. c. 15 C lex

II. And whereas the faid aft recites, that great abufo arife by private perfons keeping fcales for weighing goods for hire and price, to the injury of the lawful and eftabHihed weigh-mafler, and to the abufe of the publick in general, to prevent winch the faid aft fubjefts the perfons who (hall keep fuch private fcales to certain penalties, and has made provi-fion for enforcing fuch penalties befoae the chief magiftrates of the towns in which Inch fcales are ufed, but no power is given to any perfon to convict of fuch offences, or enforce fuch penalties wluie the offence is committed in a market-town, not bfcing corporate, or having a chief magiftrate, whereby private perfons are in fuch towns greatly encouraged to keep fuch fcales, to the injury of the owners of tolls and cu(tom8, who in fuch towns are by the faid firlt recited aft, compelled under heavy penalties to appoint weigh-raaf-ters, and provide weights and meafures in fuch towns: to remedy which, be it therefore eaafted by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon who fhall for hire or price, either in money, drink, or other gratuity, in any market-town in which there fhall be a weigli-mafter duly appointed by the owner of the tolls and cufloms of fuch market, and duly provided with fcales and meafure3, weigh at any fuch private fcales any corn or grain, hides, tallow, meal, potatoes, or other goods expofed to fale in the market, not being his Or her own goods or property, fhall for every draught by him or her fo weigh ft, forfeit the fum of two (hilling? and fix pence, to be paid the informer, which forfeiture in every fuch market-town, not being a town—corporate, (hall he recovered before anyjuftice of the peace of the county in which fuch town is fituatc, upon the confeflion of the parties, or upon the oath of one or more witnefles, and upon convidlion fuch forfeiture fhall be levied by warrant', under the liand and feal of fuch judice of vhc peace, by diflrefs and fale of the offender's goods.

The twenty feventh Tear of George III.

CHAP. XLII.

/# Aft to prevent Frauds in obtaining Bounties under fevered Laws now in force for the Encouragement of . Agriculture, and for rendering the Carnage of Corn to the City of Dublin Itfe cxpcnfxvc.

Amended

G. 3. c. 24.

Matter dt

WHEREAS the bounties on the carriage of corn, grain, meal, malt and flour, by water coaftways to the city of Dublin, have proved beneficial to agriculture, and contributed to lefen the payment of bounties on the inland carriage of corn: and whereas by the laws in force in this kingdom, certain bounties therein fpecified, are granted and payable for bringing of corn, grain, meal, malt, and flour, by water coaftways to the city of Dublin, be it ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent ^Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and the commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the mafter of every (hip, boat, or veffel, in which it is intended to import any corn, grain, meal, mak, vefld intending or flour coaftways to the city of Dublin, from any part of ^cl this kingdom, and likewife the real owner of fuch corn, ^ t{^e owner grain, meal, malt, or flour, fhall before the fame (haH be (hip- of fuch com, ped, give notice thereof in writing to the colle&or or prin- &c. (hall give si pal officer of the port or difti it\ where the fame (hall be Ihip- not*cc as heicia. ped, and (hall fpecify in fuch notice the quantity and quality of fuch corn, grain, meal, malt and flour intended to be (hipped, and fuch colle&dr or principal officer (hall thereupon ilireft one of the officers of fuch port or diftri& to attend the (hipping of the fame, and as foon as the fame fliall be (hipped, fuch officer (hall make a return in writing to fuch colle&or or principal officer of the quantity and quality of fuch com, grain, meal, malt, or flour fo (hipped, and in fuch return the name of the (hip, boat or vefTcl in which fuch com, grain, meal, malt and flour, and the mafter thereof, (hall be fpecified, and alfo the time of (hoping the fame, and the faid return (hall be figned by the oflfeer making the fame, and the quantity for which the premiums (hall be paid, (hall not exceed the quantity fet forth in fuch return, and the mafter of fuch (hip, boat, or vefTel, (hall after fuch corn, gr^in, meal, malt, or flour (hall be fo (hipped, make an affidavit or affirmation before fuch colle&or or before fome neighbouring juftree of the peace, which oath they are hereby empowered and required refpe&ively to adminifter without fee or reward, of

the

Digitized by

Google

4uS

caUedorto ftrc a certificate. &c.

Matter to deliver to colle3 or laid certificate and make artful * >nt.

Aecoant* to Wkcpt of payments made.

Wo premium ■old* certifi-«*e of furreyor or landwaitcr.

7be t*wenlj’fnxnth Tear of George III.

the quantity and quality of fuch corn, gfain, meal, malt or flour fo (hipped; and likewife the owner or owners of fuch articles fo (hipped, (hall make like affidavit or affidavits, affirmation or affirmations in manner aforefaid, mentioning hii or their place of refidence refpedively, and the quantity and quality of the articles fo (hipped by him or them refpedively, and that the fame are the growth of this kingdom, and tliatno part of any fuch corn, grain, meal, malt or flour fo (hipped, has ever received any bounty for carriage by land or coptt-ways, and fuch collcdor or principal officer (hall thereupon deliver to fuch matter a certificate under his hand and feal, in which (hall he menttoned the quantity and quality of fuch corn, grain, meal, malt or flour fo (hipped, and alfo the name of the matter and owner or owners of fuch cargo, and his or their place of relidence, and fuch colle&or or principal officer, (hall by the next poll tranfmit to the collrdor of the poit of Dublin, true copies of all fuch returns, affidavits, affirmations and certificates, which copies he is required to file and keep fafe.

II.	And be it further enaded, That the matter of evay fuch (hip, boat ot veffel, (hall upon his arrival in the city of Dublin, deliver to the colledor of the port of Dublin fuch certificate, and fliall alfo make an affidavit or affirmation before fuch colledlor or other officer appointed to take fuch affidavit by the commiffioners of his Majefty’s tevenue, which fuch colledlor or officer is hereby empowered and required to adminitter without fee or reward, in which (hall be mentioned the quantity and quality of fuch corn, grain, ir-eal, malt, and flour fo brought, the name or names of the owners thereof, and the place from whence he brought tbe fame.

III.	And be it further enaded, That fuch and the like accounts (hall be kept by the proper officer or officers of the ftveral payments which (hall be made for all com, grain, meal, malt, and flour imported coattways to the city of Dub-in, as arc dire&ed to be kept by fcveral ads relative to the premiums on the land carriage of corn and flour to the city of Dublin.

IV.	Provided always, That fuch officer fo appointed for paying the premiums, (ball not pay any premiums in pmfii-ance of this ad, unlefs a certificate be produced to him, under the hand and feal of the furveyor or land waiter of the port of Dublin, fpecifying the quantity of the found and merchantable com, grain, meal, malt and flour lauded out of laid (hip, with the name of the faid ibip, boat, or veffel, and port from whence it came, nor unlefs the colledoi of the (aid port of Dublin, (hall certify in like manner, that by the copies tnafmilted to him hom the coUc&ort or principal offi-

Digitized by

Google-.

The twent/fcventl Year of George TIL

tiers of the port or place from whence the faid (hip, boat, or veffel came, the feveral certificates, affirmations, and retains appear to him to have been made, as required by this aft*

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any of the perfons making any of the affidavits or affirmations required as aforefaid, (haU be illiterate, the (aid affidavit or affirmation (hall be read to him by fome perfon who (hall make affidavit that the fame has been truly read to faid illiterate perfon.

VI.	And be it farther ena&ed. That from and after the twenty fourth of June* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty feven, no bounty (haU be paid for any Coin, grain, meal, malt, and flour brought coaftways to the city of Dublin, except fuch corn, grain, meal, malt, and flour as (hall be configned to a licenfed fa&or or fa&ors, unlefs the fame (hall be weighed on board the boat, (hip, or veffel bringing the

' the fame, in the prefence of fome perfon or perfons, to be appointed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, to weigh and infped the fame, nor unlefs the note of one of fuch perfons fo to be appointed, fpecifying the weight of fuch corn, grain, meal, malt, or flour, (hall be endorfed on the certificate required in fuch cafe, to be produced to the colle&or of the port of Dublin, which note fuch perfon or infpe&or fo appointed as aforefaid, is hereby dire&ed to give without fee or reward, to the perfon or perfons entitled to the fame; and fuch infpedor or infpec-tors fo appointed as aforefaid, (hall employ a fufficient number of perfons, for whom he or they (hall be refponfible to affift in the execution of the duties of his or their office in difeharging the cargoes of fuch (hip, boat, or veffel, fo that no unneceflary delay may through his or their meanjs be incurred therein; and if any fuch infpe&or (hall refufe or omit to give fuch note without delay to the perfon or perfons entitled to the fame, or (haU not attend from the hour of feven in the morning till four in the afternoon m winter, and from fix in the morning till nine in the afternoon in fummer for that purpofe, fuch infpedor (hall for every omiffion, negled, or refufal forfeit the fumof five pounds, to be recovered as herein after mentioned.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That fuch infpedor or perfon appointed as aforefaid, fhaU be entitled to receive a lee of one penny for each and every barrel of com, grain, mea), malt, and floor fo weighed by him as aforefaid, or infpefted as herein after mentioned, as a compenfatton for his trouble and expence in executing (aid office, the faid fee to be paid in like manner as the fees mentioned in an ad paffed in the twenty-fifth year of his prelent Majefty’&TCigp, entitled. An Ad for the better encourage-

Vol. VIII.	F	f	merit

Affidavits by illiterate per-font.

No bounty on corn, Sec. except as herein.

id. for each barrel of corn, &c.

Digitized by

*

45°	77* twenty feventh Tear of George JIk>

A. D.	meat of trad*, by regulating the payment of bounties and exempt

1787* tng them from fees9 are dirc&jd to be paid.

VIIL And be it further enabled, That if any officer or infpe&or, (hall in refpect to faid fee ad contrary to the provisions in the (aid ad, he (hall be fubjed to the like penalties and forfeitures, to be recovered ia like manner as ai e herein enaded.

Returnsmadek	,^nd	*n	on*er Prcvent frauds being committed, by

l>y infpedor to recovering bounty for coaft carriage and inland carriage oa paymaster. the fame corn* grain, meal, malt, or flour: be it ena&ed, That fuch infpedor (nail alfo immediately after the clearing out of any (hip, boat, or veflld fo bringing corn, grain, meal, malt, •r flour coallways, which he Shall fee weighed, or which he Shall iniped in manner as by this ad is dir-eded, return to the pavnrafter of corn premiums a particular account of the refpedive quantities of corn, grain, meal, malt, or flour So brought coallways in fuch Ship, boat or veflet.

Diftfiar ed, if	Provided	always, That when any com, grain, meal,

configncd^o li- mafr» ®r flour coming coallways, and claiming bounty as coifed fador. aforefaid, (hall be consigned to a licenfed fador or fadors, it Shall not be necefTary for the infpedor to fee the fame weighed,^! that the fame may be difeharged as heretofore prac-tifed.

XI.	Provided nevcrthelefs, That faid infpedor or infped-fpea1^ ^thVef or* ma^ 0n k°ar^ the (hip, veSfel, or boat out of which jkStof<»rn,6cc! *f°iefaid com, grain, meal, malt, and flour is difeharg-

* ing, and make choice of, awd weigh on board two lacks or bags out of any number, not exceeding twenty, and So in proportion for any greater quantity, and may attend and be prefent at the weighfrig and delivery of a part or the whole of faid cargoes, and' may take an account of the fame, and compare the fame with the cocquet or bounty paper made out at the port of (hipping, and if in any cafe life or they (hall And the quantity fo difeharged to be lefs than the quantity exprefled in laid cocquet or bounty paper, he or they (hall report faid deficiency to the commilfionera of his Majefly’s revenue, or to the perfon appointed to pay faid bounty, fo as that in no cafe bounty Shall be paid in a greater quantity than is a&ually delivered or difeharged in Dublin; and if upon examination k (hall appear to the faid commiffionere that fuch deficiency aiofe from a fraudulent intention to obtain z bounty for the fame, it (hall be lawful for fuch commiifion-ers to direft, that no bounty (hall be paid to fuch fraudulent claimant for any com, grain, meal, malt, or flour, to him be-longing in fuch (hip, boat, or vcffch

XII.	And whereas it may tend to prevent frauds in obtaining the aforelaid bounties, if the colle&or or chief officer of die port, from whence any corn, grain, mealy malt, or

flow

\-nap. 4a.

Penalty on in-Ipedor ading illegally.

+



The twenty-/event h Tear of George III.

ftour, (hall be exported either to foreign parts or coaftways, (hall tranfmit to the paymafter of corn premiums in the city of Dublin, an account of the refpe&ive quantities of fuch corn, grain, meal, malt, and flour, fo foon as the fame flia^l be exported: be it ena&ed, That every collector, or other chief officer of the port or place from whence any corn, grain, meal, malt, or flour entitled to export bounty, (hall be exported, (hall immediately after the boat, veflel or (hip containing the fame, (hall leave fuch port, tranlmit to the pay-mailer of corn premiums, a copy of the feveral bounty papers, whereby bounties has been claimed for any com, gram, meal, malt, or flour expoited in fuch (hip, boat, or veflel, and (hall as foon as a certificate (hall be returned to fuch collec-. tor, or other chief officer, of the landing of fuch corn, grain, meal, malt, or flour beyond the Teas, agreeable to the law9 how in force for that purpofe, tranfmit a copy of the fame to the faid paymafter of corn premiums in the city of Dublin.

XIII.	And be it enabled, That if anyjuftice of the peace, hr other perfon appointed to take affidavits or affirmations, for the purpofe of obtaining coaft or export bounties, or for granting fetums or certificates, (hall fign any return, affidavit, affirmation, or certificate, or (hall fign any affidavit, purporting to have fworn, or affirmation, purporting to have been made or affirmed, when fuch affidavit or affirmation have not been fworn, made, or affirmed to, or (hall fign any return, affidavit, affirmation, or certificate, knowing the fame to be falfe, or (hall knowingly give a certificate for any greater quantity than the real quantity (hipped, and (hall be lawfully convi&ed thereof, fuch juftice of the peace, or other «#icer, (hall be, rendered incapable of ading as a juftice of the peace* or as an officer of the revenue, and fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be paid to the informer, and recovered as other penalties under this adl.

XIV.	Provided always, That nothing herein confefned, (Kail extend to difpenfe with any regulation or duty to be executed by any officer of the revenue, on board any fuch (hip, boat, or veflel, on the difeharge of her cargo,

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon or jperfor.s (hall wilfully, falfcly, and corruptly take any oaths or affirmations in purfuance of this a6fc, and be thereof lawfully convi&cd by verdid, or upon bis, her, or their confef-(ion, he, (he, or they fo offending, (hall for every fuch offence incur and fuffer fuch penalties, pains, and difabilities, as per-fons convi&ed of wilful and corrupt perury aie by any of the laws now in force in thi9 kindom liable unto: or if any perfon or perfops (hall corruptly procure t>r fiiboin any ether perfon to maXe or take fuch falfe oaths or affirmations, by

F fa	whi.ch

Chief officer to tranfmit to paymafter, copy of bounty papers See as herein’.

Perfons, 8rc. finning folle return,Sec.

rendered incapably and fined tool.

Officers to do their duty.

Pemlty oa taking falfe oaths, &c.

Digitized by

Howpenalticr are recovered &c.

SI idled oats and barley entitled to bounty.

The twenty feventb Tear of Georg* III*

which any bounty (hail be claimed or paid, which bona Jsde? (hould not have paid or claimed, and the perfon or perfon* fo procuring and fuborning (hall be thereof convicted by ver-di&, or upon his or her* or their confdfion, every perfon fo offending (haH for every fuch ofFence incur and fuffer fnch penalties, forfeitures, pains, and difabilitics, as perfons convicted of fubomation of perjury are by any laws now in force ia this kingdom liable unto.

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore* faid, That all and fingular the penalties hereby enacted, or which (hall be incurred under the provifions of this a6f, (hall and may be recovered by any perfon Cuing for the fame, un-lefs herein othewife direr} ed, by ad ion, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in this kingdom, one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majedy, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the ufe of the peifoa fuing for the fame.

XVn. And whereas doubts have arifen whether oats or barley by being (helled or hulled, are precluded from the bounties payable on the export of oats and barley: be it declared and cna&ed, That (helled oats, and (helled and hulled barley, are and (hall be intkled to the feveral bounties payable for oats and barley exported, and (hall be deemed to be ©ats and barley, refpeCUvely within the meaning of the feve* cal a&s granting bounties, on the export of com.

CHAP. XLIV.

To 24 Jane	<dn AS to explain and amend an A& paffed in the Eleventh and

1B00, 34 G. 3. Twelfth Tears of His p ejtnt Majejfy, entitled, jin At^ «. 43* L i*	f^	Bodging fuch Poor asJhall be found unable to fupfon^

them]elves by Labour, and otherwije providing for them, and for rflraining, fuch as Jhall he found able to fupport tbemfdves by labour or /ndu/lry fr. m Begg'uq*

WHEREAS in fome counties no houfe has bee* ere&ed, purfuant to the faid recited aft, and the poor of the faid counties have been received in the houfe of indudry belonging to the county of the city or town next adjoining to the (aid county: and whereas it is reafonable that the faid county (hould contribute to the annual ex-peucea of fuck houfe of indudry during fuch time as the faid county (hall have the ufe and benefit of the fame, and until fuch timt a9 the faid county (hall provide a houfe of induftry for its own ufe : be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice md confect of

the

i

The twcnty-fenenth Year of George III.

the lords fpiritual and temporal, and corrAnons in this present Parliament aflemhled, and by the authority pf the fame, That whenever any eounty (hall not have provided a iioufe of induftry iu fuch county, it (hall and may be lawful for the grand jury of the faid county, in every fuch i° n?at*c cafe to prefent as Ion? as they (hall think proper, and until CPWB# fuch time as a houie of induftry (hall be buOt in the faid county, and no longer, at any ipring affizea, any fum or fums of money not exceeding the fums in the faid recited a& mentioned, from time to time, for the purpofes of the faid houfe of induftry in the faid county of a city or town, as if the faid houfe of induftry was fituate in the faid county at large, and to direct that the faid fum or fums fo presented, (hall be paid over from time to time, to the treafurer q£ the faid home of induftry, or of the corporation thereunto belonging.

II.	^Jid he it enafted by the authority aforcf&id. That ^Thchoufc of •during fuch time as faid presentments (hall be mad,^ and the induftry fum» faid fums fo prefented paid ip the /aid treafurers, the faid Pai{*deem-houfe of induftry (hall be conhdered to all intents and pur- *0

pofes the houfe of induftry, for the ufe of the faid county, as well as of the faid county of a city or town.

III.	And be it euafted by the authority aforefaid. That in force 4 this a£t (hall continue in force for four years, and jio longer. • years.

453

A. D.

1787.

Prrfcntmcntf

CHAP. XLVu

An AB for efahhfln^g Market Jariertn Cities.

WHEB.EAJ5 from the great cncreafe of inhabitants in the Several cities in this kingdom, the ma-•giftrates of faid cities cannot fo ftri£tly attend the inf^ec- & lion of the markets as ufual, and perform the other requifitc duties of their offices: be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the (herifis of the Several Market juries cities refpe&ively, (hall fummon and return tp the juft ices to^cfworu» of the peace at the general quarter feflion fdt fuch cities re-fipedtively, upon a precept to be iffued by them for that put. j>ofe, twenty four of the citizens of fuch cities refpedively^ twelve of whom (hall be fwom as a market jury for fuck cities tefpe&ively, and the juftices of fuch cities refpe&ively ftall caufe fuch market juries to be fworn in open court at

a

1

Digitized by L.ooQle

4*4

A

D

'787-

Chap. 46,



To examine tread, &c.

The twenty-fcventh Tear of George III.

the feffions, ,one by owe: That he will well, truly* and diligently execute the office of a market juror in fuch city, without favour or affection, malice or ill-will, to any perfon * or perfons whatfocver ; and the faid market jury for the time being, or any one or more of them, are hereby empowered and required at feafonable hours to vifit the markets, ftore-houfes, working-houfes, cellars and (hops in fuch cities refpectively, where provifions and victuals are fold or exp 1 fed for fale, or made up or making up for fale in fuch cities refpectively, and to infpect the quality of fuch prj>-vifions and victuals, and in cafe fuch jury, or any one or more of them, (hall find any unwholfome or bad provifions, or victuals fraudulently or illegally made up, in every fuch £afe the faid jury, or any one or more of them, are hereby empowered to feize fuoh provifions or victuals, and the per-fon or perfons expofing the fame to fale, or claiming to be the owner or owners thereof, and to carry fuch provifions and victuals, and fuch petfon or perfons before the chief magiftrate of fuch cities refpectively for the time being, who are hereby empowered to difpofe of fuch provifions and victuals, and of fuch perfon or perfons according to law, and each market jury fo fwom, or any one or more of them, (hall have full power and authority to execute the faid office of a market jury, from the time of their beipg fwom, until thfc next market jury (hall be fwom, at the <nfuing general quarter feffions of the peace to be held for fuch cities refpeflively, $md if any perfon being duly fum-moned and returned by fuch (hpriffs to ferve as a market

juror as aforefaid, (hall refufe or negleft to appear purfuant to the faid fummons, and take the oath aforefaid, or (hall refufe or negleft to execute the faid office, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftices at their feffions, and they are hereby empowered to impofe. a fine, not exceeding fix pounds on every fuch perfon, and the chief magiftrate of every fuch city is hereby empowered and required to iffue his warrant, for the levying fuch fine by diftrefs, and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch perfon or perfons, and the fum fo levied (hall be applied to the purpofes of widening or keeping in repair the ftreets, lanes and avenues of fuch cities refpe£tiv$. ly, and to no other purpofe whatfoever: provided, That no perfon (hall be obliged to ferve as a market juror mor£ than once in any one year, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwkhftanding.

II. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That fuch jury fo fwom as aforefaid, or any one or more of them, (hall have full power and authority to examine brca£ for fale in the feveral (hops or bake-houfes of bakers, and plfo the feveral weights and meafures in faid cities ref^edive*

Digitized^Sy CjOO^Ic

Tbe^twentyfeventb Tear of George 1 IT.

455

Market juries for Saint Sc-

ly, and if any fuch bread fhall be found illegally or fraudu- A. D. lently made, or any of faid weights or meafuces deficient in 1787. or lefs than the ftandard weight or meafure, to feize and to Chap. 46. carry the fame to the chief npagiftrate of fuch city, to be by him difpofed of according to law.

III.	And be it enaftcd by the authority aforefaid, That the marfhais of the liberties of Saint Sepulchres, and of p^ichnw^ °Tho Thomas Court and Donore refpe&ively, fhall fummon and mas Court and return to the fenefchals of the faid liberties refpe&lvely, at Donore, (worn, the Eafter and Michaelmas courts ieet, to be hdd for faid &c* liberties refpc&ively in every year, upon precepts to be if-fued to the refpeflive marfhdls of faid liberties by there-fpe&ive fenefchals thereof, thirty fix of the principal inhabitants of each of faid liberties, twelve of whom fhall be fworn In open court as a market jury for each of faid liberties by <he fenefchals of faid liberties refpe&ively,, at the Eafter and Michaelmas courts leet for faid liberties, oneby \>ne, that he will well, truly, and diligently execute the of*	4

bee of a market juror in fuch liberty, within three miles of the circular road round Dublin, without favour or affc&ion,

-malice or ill will to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, and the faid market juries for the time being, for the faid liberties of Saint -Sepulchres* and Thomas Court and Donore refpe&ively, or any four or more.of them, are hereby empowered and required at feafonable hours to vifit the markets, -ftore-houfes, working houfes, cellars and (hops, a* well of bakers as other people in fuch liberties refpe&ively, as far as three miles, from the Circular ro^d round Dublin^ where bread, provifions or viduals are fold or cjtpofed to fale, or made up^or making up for fale, and to infped the quality and weight of fuch bread, provifions and vi&uals, and likewife to examine the feales, weights and meafures in faid liberties ; and in cafe faid juries refpe&ively, or any four or more of them fhall find any unwholfome or bad bread, provifions or vi&uals, or any bread, provifions or ^ vidfcuals fraudulently or illegally made up, or bread deficient ■in weight, or not having the bakers name thereon in legible chara&ers, or any fraudulent feales, or any weights and meafures, not agreeing in weight and contents with the ftandard weights and meafures ^ftablifhed by authority jn faid liberties, or any weights or meafures not fealed by the refpe&ive clerks of the market, belonging to the lord arch-bifhop of Dublin, and the earl of Meath, or any provifions «r vi&uals in the hands of any foreftaller, regrater■, or in-grofler, in every fuch cafe the faid juries, or any four or more of them refpe&ively, are hereby required and empowered to feize fuch bread, provifions and vi&uals, and the perfon or perfons exposing the fame to lale, or claiming to

be

Digitized by

GOO;



45$	Tie	tvtenfy*fevemb Tear George III.

A- D.	be the owner or owners thereof* and likewife all fraudulent

1787.	feales, and all weights and meafures not agreeing with the

Chap. 46.	(landard weights and meafures eftablifhed by authority ia

kV	faid liberties* or not fealed by the refpe&ive clerks of the

market of the faid lord arch-bifhop of Dublin, and the titfol carl of Me?th, and immediately or as foon as conveniently can be, to carry or caufe to be carried fuch bread* probations and vi&uids, perfon or perfons, feales* weights, or meafures* before the fenefchal of fuch liberty for the time being, who is hereby impowered and required to hear and determine all matters relative to fuch bread, provitions and vi&uals* perfon or perfons, feales* weights and meafures fo taken up and brought before him* and to difpofe of fuch bread, provitions, and victuals to the poor of the parifh where taken up, to tine the perfon or perfons fo taken up find brought before him, if condemned by him* in any fum not exceeding five pounds, the (aid fine to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods and chattels by war* *	jrant under the hand and foal of fuch fenefchal* and for

want of fufticient diftrefs the party to be committed to the. common gaol of fuch liberty, there to remain without bail or mainprize for one month, or until fuch fine (hall be paid, or until fuch fenefchal (hall tign order to the marihal to difeharge fuch perfon or penons under his hand and feal* and in laid order (hall certify, that on enquiry he Ends fuch perfon or perfons incapable of paying faid fine or tines, and to have the feales, weights, and meafures fold, and the money anting therefrom pas^into the bands of the fenefchal of the liberty where taken, to be applied by him for the benefit of the prifoners confined in the marfhalfea or pti-fon 'of fuch liberty, and each of faid market juries fo fwom as aforefaid, or any four or more of them, (hall have full power and authority to execute the laid office of a market jury, from the time of their being fo fwom, until another market jury (hall be fwom in their room, at the next entiling Michaelmas or Eafter court leet5 and if any perfon or perfons (hall moled or interrupt the faid market jury, or any of them* in the execution of their office, foch perfon or perfons being convi&ed thereof by indi&ment or information (hall be punilhed by fine and imprifonmeot, and in fuch manner as to the (aid court which tries the offence (hail penalty on juror feem fit; and if any perfon being duly fummoned and re-not ferving4l- turned by the piarftuu “of either of faid liberties* to fen* as a market juror as aforefaid, (haH refufe or negie& to appear, purfuant to th? (aid fummons* and to take the oath aforefaid, or being fwom, (hall refufe or negle& to execute the faid office, it (hall be lawful for fuch fenefchals at their courts lpet rcfyeftiyely, qnd (hey are hereby empowered sad

require

The twenty feventh Tear of George III.	457

-required to impofe a fine not exceeding four pounds on A. D.

evcry fuch perfoa for each of laid odences, and to iffuc	1787.

their warrants rdpedively, for the levying fuch fine oe

lines by diftrefs and fak of the goods and chattels of fuch

perfon or p^rfons fo offending, and faid fines fhall be

paid to the fenefchal of fuch liberty, to be difpofed of by

bim for the benefit of the prifoners confined in the mat Hud*

dca ot prifon of fuch liberty: provided. That no perfon

fhall be obliged to ferve as a market juror more than once in ^

rvery year, any thing herein contained to the contrary nofc-

,’withftanding.

IV.	And whereas inconveniencies might happen by the R ^ £cknefs or abfence of the fenefchalt of mid liberties : be it hoar *ixl deter-<naded by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be mine caufesin lawful for the refpedive feaefchals of faid liberties, in cafe	a^fc“cc

of their, or either of their being lick or abfent, to appoint ^LidchidL °* by warrant under the hand and leal of fuch fenefchal, being £ck or abfent, the regiHer of fuch fenefchal* court to hear and determine all matters relative to all bread, provisions or wi&uals,' feales, weights, and measures taken up by the xnarket jury of fuch liberty, and 'to condemn and difpofe of the fame, in the fame manner as if the fenefchal of fuch liberty was prefeat.

CHAP. XLIX.

Au A3 for amending an A3, entitled, An A3 for difeharg- To *4 June ing certain Arrears of Quit, Crown, and Compofition *8oo, &c« 34 Rents which have been growing due for Twenty Tears lafi 3 c* *3* f- % pafi, on the Terms, and in the Manner therein mentioned1

^RRuTHEREAS by an ad palled in the twenty-third * ▼ and twenty-fourth years of his Majefty's reign, entitled, An aB for difehargbng certain arrears of quit, crown, and compofition rents, which have been growing due for twenty years loft Pqft, on the terms, and in manner therein mentioned, it was enaded, That upon the certificate of his Majesty** auditor general, by the faid ad required to be made to his Majefty’s court of exchequer, in purfuance of an order of the faid court, on the petition of any perfon, and bodies politick and corporate, feized of any lands, redory, priory, abby lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments fub-jed to quit, crown, compofition rent, or other chief rent, or other chief rent payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, which hath not been paid for twenty years next preceding the twenty-ninth day of September, one thou-

Digitized by

Google

If proceedings h*ue been rod for recovery of quit, &c. rent, before petition is preferred, fuch rent lhall be dif-chargcd to 29th Sept. 1774 only.

The twentyfevenii Tear of George III.

fend feven hundred and eighty-four, the faid court of exchequer might order that aM arrears of fuch .quit, crown, and composition rents, or other chief rent3 on fuch lands, re&ory, priory, abby lands, tithes, fairs, tenements and hereditaments, (hould he difeharged, to and for the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred acd eighty-four, or twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, according to the cir-cumftances by the faid ad required to be certified : be it cnaded by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the fatd auditor-general (hall upon fuch order as aforefaid, certify whether it apr pears to him that any, and what proceedings were had 00 behalf of his Majefty, for recovery of fuch rent before the time of preferring the feid petition, and if it (hall appear to the faid court that any proceedings have been had on bo-half of his Majefty for recovery of any quit, crown, or compofition rent or other chief rent mentioned in fuch petition, before the time that fuch petition was preferred to the faid court, then and ia fuch cafe, fuch quit, crown, or compofition rent, or other chief rent, (hall be difeharged, to and for the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four only, and the faid couit of exchequer is her&y required to make an order accordingly, any thing contained in the faid rented ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

CHAP. LH.

An A& to punifb more effc&ually Perfom who Jball Steal any old Lead, Iron Bart, or Rout, or Iron or Braft Knockers.

WHEREAS the pernicious pradjee of ftealing lead, iron bars, iron rails, and iron or brafs knockers fixed to dwelling houfes, or other buildings, and iron gates, is daily prevailing, pot wit h (lauding an ad made in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty Jtipg George the fecoud, entitled, An a3 for the more cjfe&ualfunijbing Jfealers of lead or iron barsfixed to houfes, or any fences be-longing thereunto, and the increafe of fo' h mifehief is principally owing to tlve perfons who buy luch articles, having reafonable caufe to fufped the fame to be ilolen : for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the King’s moll excellent

Digitized by

The twenty feventh Tear of George III.	45f

Irfajefly, by aod with the advice and ennfent of the lords A. D. spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parlia- 1787. merit aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if Chap. 52. suiy perfon (hall, after the palling of this ad buy any old lead, or any iron bar, or rail, or iron or brafs knocker from Perfon* who any perfon, except the lawful owner of the fame, or fome excep^froa perfon duly authorized by fuch owner to fell the fame, or lawful owners, at any place, except the houfe or place of abode of fuch &c. deemed reowner, or perfon authorized to fell the fame, he (hall be deemed a receiver of fuch goods, knowing them to be ftolen, fi00*11, and (hall be liable to fuch profecution and punifhment, as receivers of ftolen goods are by law liable to.

II.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That t Perfon* bring* if any perfon (hall after the time aforefaid, bring any old jjjfu be^^uto lead, iion bar,-or rail, or iron or brafs knocker, to any before a juftue, perfon to be fold or pawned, it (hall be lawful for the per- as herein. fbn to whom any fuch article (hall be brought, and he is

hereby rtquired to apprehend the perfon fo bringing the fame, and carry him to fome juftice of the peace of the county or city, who upon examination of the party, if he or (he (hall not give a fatisfadory account of the manner of his or her obtaining the fame, (hall commit him or her to the common gaol, upon fufpicion of his or her having ftolen the fame, and if the perfon' to whom fuch lead or other article (hall be fo brought to be fold or pawned, (hall not apprehend and carry fuch perfon fo bringing the fame, before a juftice of the peace, he (hall be deemed guilty of a mifdemeanor, and (hall be puni(hed by fine or imprifonment, upon conviction by due courfe of law.

III.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That

if any fuch perfon to whom any old lead, iron bar or rail, pro&cuting. or iron or brafs knocker, (hall be fo brought to be fold, fhall fo apprehend and profecute to convidion the perfon fo bringing the fame, he or (he (hall be entitled to a reward of five pounds, to be raifed by prefentment of the grand jury of the county or city where the fad (hall be commuted, and to be applotted and levied as other publick money.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That on fearch made

by virtue of the warrant of any juftice of the peace of the	^

county or city within his jurifdidion, if any old lead, iron found, (hall be bar, or rail, or iron or brafs knocker, (hall be found in committed and the pofleflion of any perfon, fuch perfon may be brought tnc<*»M before fuch juftice, or any other juftice of the county or city, who if fuch perfon (hall not give a fatisfadory account of the manner of his or her obtaining the fame, (hall commit him or her to the common gaol upon fufpicion of his or per baring received the lame, knowing it to be ftolen, and

upon



Digitized by

Google

4*o

A. t>.

»T87.

Pirttf 50

* c- 10. repeal, cd.

7Ar twentyfeventh Tear of George III.

tipbn the trial of fuch offender# the proof of his or be* haring fairly bought or obtained the fame, (hall lie upoa fuch offender.

V. And be k further ena&ed hereby. That fo much of the faid ad of the fifth year of his late Majefly King George the fecond, as relates to the punifiiment of perfons in whofe poffelfion any iron or lead ftolen (hall be found, (hall be mod ia hereby repealed.

CHAP. LIII.

An Ja for preventing the wilful DeffruBicm qf Tumpilt Gates, and for the better fecuring toe Payment of Tolls at fuch Gates.

Preamble.

Deft roying wy pay gate, ficc.

the penalty.

Not paying toll upon demand, penalty 4<».

"ITTHEREAS gates and other fences, cre&ed for the ** purpofe of taking the tolls, made payable upon the fereral roads of this kingdom, by the feveral ads granting fuch tolls, have been at various times pulled down, or deft royed by malicious and riotous perfons, to the injury of the publick, and the difturbance of the peace : in order to prevent fuch outrages for the future, be it ena&ed by the King's noil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and con&Qt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any perfoo or perfons (hall fiom and after the palling of this ad, by day or by night, wilfully pull down, pluck up, throw down, level, or otherwise dell roy any pay-gate or turnpike-grate, or othcrwiie deftroy any pay-gate or turnpike-ggate, or any poft, rail, waU, chain, bar, or other fence of any kind whatfoever, which fhall be ufed, eftablilhed, or let up, or ere&ed, to prevent pelfengera from pafluig by, without paying the toil payable by virtue of any ad or ads of Parliament, or my toll-houfe for the ufe of any fuch pay-gate or turnpike-gate, or (hall forcibly refeue any perfon or perfons, being lawfully in cuitody of any officer, or.pt her per (bo for any of the ot-fenccs before mentioned, that then and in any of the M cafes, every perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully con-vided, (hall be whipped, fined, or imprifoned, at the diG> cretion of the judge before whom he (hall be convided.

II. And be it further enaded, That ft* any perfon who (hall be fubjed to pay any toil or duty at any ,ft& houfc or turnpike-gate in refped of any bead or carriage palling through the lame, /hall not pay the fame on demand to the perfon authorized to receive the fame, upoa

Digitized by Google

The twentyfeventh Tear ^George III,

Proof thereof* upon the oath ef one or more credible wit-nefs or witnefles, before the truftees of fuch road, oa which fuch toll-houfe ar turnpike-gate (hall be, or any three or more of them, or before any juft ice of the peace for the county in which fuch offence fhaH be committed, who are hereby refpedivciy empowered aod required to ad-minifter fuch oath, every fuch offender (hall forfeit and pay to fuch truftees refpedively, the fum of forty fhilling^ to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch offender, upon the warrant of fuch truftees, or any three of them, or of fuch juftice of the peace, under their hands and feals refpedively, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner, the charges of diftraining and difpofing of fuc^ goods being fir ft deduced.

CHAP. LV1I.

An A3 for amending an AS made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Tears of His prefent Majefyjs Reign, entitled, An Ad for Bodging fuch Poor as Jhall be found unable to fupport them-felves by Labour, and other •wife providing for them, andfor refraining fuch as Jhall be found able to fupport themfelves by Labour and Indujlry from Begging, and alfo to amend an A3 made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Tears of His frefent Majefy's Reign, entitled, An A3 for amending an A3 made the laf Sefjion of Parliament, entitled, An A3 ' fer Bodging fuch Poor as Jhall be found unable to fupport themfelves by Labour, and otherwije providing for them, and for refraining fuch as Jhall be found able tofupport themfelves by Labour or Indtfry from Begging•

HE REAS the above recited ads, have by the Preamble, care and attention of the corporation created and eftablifhed by the faid ad of the eleventh and twelfth of his preftnt Majefty, in the county of the city of Dublin, been beneficially carried into execution: and whereas by the fair! laft mentioned ad, it is enaded, That the feveral corporations created thereby, were feverally authorized to acquire, and qualified to take (over and above the other lands and Wales therein mentioned) by grant or devife, any quantity of ground or land within their counties refpedively, not exceeding in a city or town two roods plantation meafure, and in the open county twenty acres like meafure for the (cites of houfes, to be buih for the reception of the helplefs poor, and for the kdfcping in reftraint fturdy beggars and vagabonds, as by faid ad direded : And whereas

from

.. L

Digitized by (^.ooQle

4 6*

The	teveatyfeventh Tear of George III.

A. D.

* 787-Chap. <n-

The corporation in Dahlin may take any lands, Ccc. m herein.

danfe of fur-render in the ink.

from various caufes the number of perfons to be maintained and kept to labour by faid corporation, eflablifhed in the county of the city of Dublin, hath confidcrably encreafcd, whereby the quantity of ground allowed by the faid laft mentioned aft, as a lcite for a houfe of induftry in any corporate town, is now found infufficient to anfwer the par-pofes of carrying the powers and intention of the (aid ad of Parliament more fully into execution by the faid corporation in the county of the city of Dublin ; for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this aft, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid corporation of, and in the faid city of Dublin, to accept or take by leafe any lands, tenements, or hereditaments of inheritance, in fee, or any term of years, not lefs than nine hundred and ninety-nine years then to come and unexpired, within two miles-of his Majefty’s cafUe of Dublin, either in the county of the faid city of Dublin, or any liberty or liberties thereof, or thereunto adjoining, or in the county of Dublin at large, and the fame to have, hold, poflefs, and enjoy for the accommodation and employment of the poor, and for the feite of one or more work-houfe or work-houfes, hofpital or hofpitals, and other neceftary buildings, as the faid corporation (hall find requifite for thofe refpeftive purpofes, and that fuch ground and buddings thereon, although fituate in fuch county, liberty or liberties, (hall be deemed and taken as part of the houfe Of hofpital for the relief of the poor, afld for puniihiog vagabonds and fturdy beggars, for the county of the city of Dublin, commonly called the houfe of Induftry, notwithstanding. any thing to the contrary thereof contained id both or either of the faid recited afts, or in the faid before mentioned daufe, or any other claufe in both or either of thofe afts, or any other law or (latute whatsoever; provided the parts fo to be acquit ed, held, or taken umter, or by virtue of this prefent ad, do not, and (hall not exceed in the whole four acres plantation meafure, ex cl u five of what the faid corporation was and is fo as aforeiaid enabled to take, hold, and enjoy, under the faid former afts, or either of them-

11.	Provided always. That fuch leafe (hall contain a power for faid corporation in the city of Dublin, to furrender fuch lands and tenements, notice having been previoo/7^ given by faid corporation tw# years at the lcaft, of their intention to furrender (aid lands and tenements, previous to the time of the faid furrender, and that after filch furrend-

*■>



The twentyfeventh Tear of George III.

er in manner aforefaid, faid corporation fhaU be freed and difchaiged from all daufes, covenants, fcnd conditions contained in the laid leafc for rent, or any other purpofe w hat-foe ver.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick and corporate, eccltfiadical perfons, trufteeawith the written confent of thofe for whom they Itand immediately intruded, guardians of iufants, committesof lunaticks and idiots, femes covert, together with their hufbands, and all other perfons whatfoever, who are, or (hall be feized, or poflefled, entitled unto, or interfiled in any houfe or houfes, building or buildings, or grounds which by the faid corporation lhall be thought neceflary for any of the purposes of this a&, by deeds of bargain and fale indented and inrolled, to make leafes .for ever, or for nine hundred and ninety-nine years in pofleffion, and convey all or any fuch houfes, buildings, or ground, or any port thereof to the faid corporation, and that all contra&s, agreements, bargains* fales, demifes, and conveyances, which lhall he fo IP made by fuch perfons as aforefaid, fhall be good and valid in law, to all intents and purpofes, and againil all perfons whatfoever, claiming or to claim by, from, or under fuch grantors refpe&ively.

IV.	And whereas from the number of women brought with their children into, and now remaining in the laid houfe, and who hereafter may be brought into the fame, or any future or new building for the like purpofe, and the number of poor deferted children, whole parents are unknown, who have come voluntarily, or from time to time been compelled to come, and who may hereafter come voluntarily, or be compelled to come into iuch houfe or houfes, or new or future building; a very great number of fuch perfons are now therein, whofe morals are liable to be corrupted, by means of the variety of vagabonds and fturdy* beggars, which the duty of faid corporation obliges it to detain in laid houfe, in common with faid children: and whereas it has been found, that the air of faid houfe now drilling for the porpofe aforefaid, occafioned by the great number of perfons refiding therein, is highly pernicious to the health of fuch children: for remedy whereof, be<t cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the paffing of this a&, it lhall and may be lawful for the faid corporation to fcie£i fo many children, found in mind and .body, under the age of eight years, as they lhall deem expedient, and tranfmit them to the Foundling hofpkal, which children the governors of faid hofpital are hereby authorized, and required from time to time to receive* hot-

,	.	*	withilanding

Perfons empowered to grain fuch kale#

Children to. be tranf uitted to the Foundling hofpital, as herein.

Digitized by

Pareatt of children cocoa* fenc to fiich removal, or an advertifement as herein to be publilhed.

The twntyfiventb Tear of George III.

with&aading any bye4aw, regulation, or refolution to tilt contrary notwithstanding, and al£b notwithftandiag any thing contained to the contrary thereof, in the ftatute made and enacted in this kingdom, in the fifteenth and fixteenth years of the reigo of nis prefent Majefty, entitled, sin aS for amending am a8 paftd im the eleventh and twelfth years of bis prefent Moyejty's reign, entitled, dn a8 fir better regulating the Femndiing-ho/pitnl and Work-honft in the city of Du’Buf and mcreafitg the fond fir the fupport thereof; emd alfo fir mahmg a proviJim for aipomting a locum tenens, m cafe of the death or aofince of toe Urd mayor, or the prtfident of the court of cotfnence : or in fuch recited a61 of the eleventh and twelfth of his preterit Majpfty’s reign, or any other law, ufege, or ftatute whatfoever 2 provided they fhaH be able to accommodate them in the (aid Foundling-hofpital, the faid corporation for the relief of the poor, paying oat of their funds to the treafurer of the faid hofpital for the ufe thereof, fo much money as thecloathing, feeding, and maintaining fuch number of children as may be fo lent ikall amount to, according to the rateable expence of a like number of children of (rmihur ages on the eftablifhment of faid hofpitatM to be afeertaided, and certified by the governors or commif-w fioners of affiftants of faid Foundling-hofpital and Work* houfe, and within eight days next after fuch certificate (hall be delivered unto the fccretafy of the (aid corporation for the relief of the poor, and faid payment to be eftimated from the day of (aiding fuch children refpe&ively into faid hofpital in foil to and for the twenty-fifth day of March, which will be in the year of our Lord, one thoufend (even hundred and eighty-eight, and no longer.

V.	Provided always. That no child or'children (hall be lent to (kid hofpital without the previous confcnt of the parent or parents of laid child or children, until a notice to the effe6t following (hall have been given in the pubiick paper wherein the advertifements from the houfe of lnduftry ufually are inferted, at leait three weeks previous to the time of tranfmitting fuch children, vn. that there are in faid houfe a number of children who are to be tranfmitted to the faid hofpital, on the day whereon they refpe&ively are to be tranfmitted, unlefs fuch child or children (hall be jptevioufly claimed by the parent or parents of fuch child or children, and fatisfm&ory Security given that if fuch child or children (hall be given up to the kid parents they fhall not beg; and in cafe the parent or parents of fuch child or children (b intended to be fent to the (aid hofpital (hall be refi-deot in the laid houfe, he, (he, or they (hall receive a like notice in writing, or printed, from the fecrctary of the (aid corporation, at lead one week before the day appointed for x	fuch

Digitized by

Google

The tmfenty-froerifh Tear of George III.

|bch tranfmittal, and (hall be permitted to difpqfeof faid children out of faid houfe upon a like fecurity; blit in cafe fuch child or children fhall afterwards be found begging, or in the cuftody of any perfon begging, then it (hall be lawful for faid corporation forthwith to tranfmit the faid child or children, then being under the age of eight years, and not otherwife, to the Foundling-hofp:‘tal, the governors whereof are hereby required, authorized, and empowered to receive fuch child or children, uotwithftanding all, any, or either of the laws, ftatutes, regulations, refolutions, or bye-laws aforefaid.

VI.	And whereas it may become neceffary to detain in faid houfe a number of poor or deferted children: be ifou* children ap-cnaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid corpora- P1*01^*** tion fhall and may from time to time place out apprentices

by proper indentures, containing ufual, reafonable, and legal covenants, fuch and fo many children admitted or compelled, or hereafter to be admitted or compelled into faid houfe, as they fhall think proper, to perfons following or pro-feffing any art, trade, myflery, or calling, or to fea-faring men, or to any nobleman, gentleman, or reputable houfe-keep-cr, for fervants, (fuch perfons reedively being proteftants) for any term not exceeding feven years; and that it fhall andnnay be lawful for the faid corporation to pay with each child fo apprenticed^a fee not exceeding the fum of forty (hillings.

VII.	And whereas feveral perfons who have under the powers of faid ads been from time to time compelled, or who may hereafter be compelled by faid corporation into the faid houfe, have been heretofore, or may be hereafter enlarged before the expiration of the term, fuch perfona * might have been, or may be detained therein under the powers in laid ad, and fuch perfons have been, ot may hereafter

be fo enlarged, upon entering into a bond with two fureties

in a penalty, that the (aid perfons fo enlarged fhould not

again be found offending 3gainft the faid ads: and whereas

the good intentions of faid corporation in taking fuch bonds

have been fruflrated by the want of powers to enforce, in

an eafy manner, the payment of the penalties of faid bonds,

the fpeedy enforcing of the penalties of which bonds would

greatly contribute to the carrying into effed the purpofes

of faid* ad : be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Bon(js t0 ^

from and after the palling of this ad, all bonds fo to be made payable to

taken as bail or fecurity for the perfon fo offending, fhall be the prclident

made payable to the prefident and afliftants of the faid cor- and affiitants ot

poration inflituted for the relief of the poor, and for pu- t^lc corPorat*OIlv

nifhing vagabonds and fturdy beggars in the county of the

city of Dublin, and by that deferiptioa or name only, and

not by the private names of fuch perfons$ aad that all fuch

Vofc. VUI.	G	g	penalties



May place



The twehty-fevcnth Tedr of George 1H.

SuV,fcr?Kr' in

mrr ar for a

north-, not deemed number* until ’hey Jj»> the lame,

p

Terfons who frail be quali-fieddo vote.

FJeHion of fcaciabua.

*

perialtte^JhaR and may be recovered by civil biD by* faid prefitleiRSfjd afliftants, by the description aforefaid, and no* by tlieir private names, and to the nfe of the ^id corporation, before the recorder of the faid city, or before the chairman of the quarter feflions of Kilmainham, in the county of Dublin, according to the relidence of the fevcral parties to fuch feeurities upon proof of the execution of fuch bail bond, and of the forfeiture thereof, and that when fuch fums fhall be fo adjudged, they may be levied stud recovered by all fuch ways and means, and by fuch p.ocefs as the faid courts rcfpeftively are now by law authorized, impowered, or directed to ufe or iffue in cafes of civil bills,

VIII.	And whereas it Would contribute to carry the pur^ pofes ol faid ails into more efTeftual execution, if the payment of annual fubferiprions, and the attendance of thofe already elected, or hereafter to be elefted members of thit corporation were duly enforced : be it alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon heretofore elected, or hereafter to be elected a member of faid corporation a§ an annu«>) fnbfcriber, (hall be ill an ear for tht fpaceof twelve months, fiotn the twenty-fifth day of December in each year j(on which day ail fubicriptions to the corporation be deemed due and payable) fuch perfon fhall be no longer deemed a member, nor aft* nor be received to aft or vote as a member of faid corporation, nor be allowed to vote at any meeting of faid corporation under any pretence whatfo-ever, until he (hull have paid up the faid linear, and hisfub-feription for the then current year, or fhall depofit afum not l«fs than twenty pounds at one entire payment, and after which fuch perfon fhall be absolutely difenarged off and from all future annual fubici iption, and all obligation to fatisfy the fame.

IX.	Be it alfo enafteu by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon heretofore elefted or hereafter U) be clefted a member of faid corporation (contributor of twenty pounds, or annual iubfcnbtr of three pounds or upwards excepted) flnll from'and afttr the puffing this aft he qualified to vote upod any quell Ion at any meeting of faid corporation* un!efs he fhall have ailifbd at three meetings of the corporation in three months immediately preceding the meeting at which lie fhall tender fnid vole, and that a ferutiny to afeertain the qualification fhall be granted on the demand of a fin-gle member, which ferutiny (hall finally determine fuch matter.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon fhall be hereafter eleftrd a member of faid Corporation* except fifteen members at iadi fhall be aftually

prefect

Tie toventyfevehth Tear of George III.	4^T

|>rcfent at faid eleftion> iand that two thirds at leaft of the A. D. Members fo prefent fhall vote for lm admiffion, and that no *787. Fuch cleft ion . (hall be held from the firft day of June to the firft day of November in any year.

XL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,	Election b/

That from and after the paffing of this aft, no perfon fhall ballot.

Ire confidered as a member of faid corporation, who fhall .not be individually elefted by ballot, (the governors appointed by aft of parliament excepted) and that this corporation fhall have a power of granting rtafonpbL falaries to officers hfttially refident in their houfe, and to none others.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this aft dial! be ApublickaJt. deemed and taken to be a publick aft, and fhall be taken notice of as fuch, by all judges and juflices, and other per-fons whatsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CHAP. LIX.

Jh1 /M for improving and repairing the Turnpiie Road from Dublin to Dunleer.

Amended O.3. c, 14.

WHEREAS the prefent law's are inefficient for keeping the faid road in fepair: be it enacted by the King’s molt excellent Majelly, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpirituai and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That an aft palled in the third year of his prefent Maj' fly’s reign, entitled, An ad for the more effectual amending and repairing the road leading from the city of Dubfin to the bridge of Dunleer, in the county of Lowth^ and for the better fecuring the debts now due, or which fhall hereafter become due to the creditors of the faid road, be from and after the firII day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, repealed and made mill and void# except fuoh parts thereof as repeal the leveral afts thexeiif recited

II. And be it further enafted, That his grace the lord Comm'fliew** ~ primate, the knights of the (hire for the counties of Dub-	™

lin, Meath, and Lowtb, the reprefentatives in Parliament for the city of Dublin, town of Drogheda, and borough* of Swords and Dttnleer, all for the titne being, the light honourable the carl of HilHhorough, the right honourable the carl of Clanbrafil, the right honourable the earl of Bee-tive, the right honourable the earl of Cieimoat, the right honourable lord vifc'ou/it Glerawley, the rig lit .honourable G g a	bird



A. Q.

>787*

Cliap. 55.

llrdlion Of members.



* Tfuflees.

%ht twenty-feventh Tear of Georg? TIL

loyd vifanmt Gosford, the honourable Arthur HOI* cort!* monly called lord vifeount Kilwarlin, the honourable Thomas Taylor, commonly called lord Headfort, the honourable Robert Jocelyn, commonly called lord Jocelyn, the right honourable John Fofter, fpeaker ef the honourable houfe of commons, the right honourable John Beresford, the right honourable Luke Gardiner, the right honourable jfohn O’Neil, the honourable Hercules Rowley, the honourable Richard Annefley, the honourable baron Hamilton, the right honourable William Brownlow, fir Annefley Steyrart, baronet, fir Richard Johnfon, baronet, fir Francis Hutchinfon, baronet, fir Patrick Bellew, baronet, fir Capcl Molyneux, baronet, Henry Coddington, efquire, John Hatch, efquire, John William Fofter, efquire, Robert Rofs, efquire, Charles Cobbe, efquire, Cromwell Price, efquire, Ifaac Corry, efquire, John Montgomery, efquire, Nathaniel Montgomery Moore, efquire, Charles Powel Leflie, efquire, Richard Magenni3, efquire, John Thomas Foller, efquire, James Stewart, efquire, John M’Clintock, efquire, John Reilly, efquire, Thomas James fortefcue, efquire, Thomas Dawfon, efquire, Thomas Pepper, efquire, Blayny Townly Balfour, efquire, Robert Sibthorpe, efquire, William Meade Ogle, efquire, John leigh, cfquite, reverend do&or Norris, Thomas Baker, efquire, Alan Bellingham, efquire, Richard Talbott, efquire, reverend William Foller, O’Brien Bellingham, efquire, Thom^r Trotter, efquire, Henry Foiler, elquire, Richard Cooper, efquire, James Tifdal, efquire, Mathew fortefcue, elquire, Henry Bellingham, efquire, reverend William Batt, Edward Hardman, efquire, and Robert Syng, efquire, be, and they are hereby appointed commit fioners of the faid road from Dublin to Dunleer.

III. And he it further ena&ed. That whenever any of the faid commifiioners herein appointed by name fhall happen to die, or refign, it fhall be lawful for the remaining comirriflioners, or any feven or mure of them, on the firft Tuefday in any month, to ele& a perfon to be a com-miflioner in his flead, and fo as often as a vacancy fhall happen by the death or refignation of any peribn fo chofen.

IV And be it farther enabled, That Abel Onge, of Hayeilown, efquire, Thomas Cowan, of Newport, efquire, John Shields, of Cloghran, efqmre, John Watfon, of Cloghran, gentleman, Richard Genie, of Newtown, gentleman, reverend Jofeph Stock, of Lufk, clerk, Patrick Thunder, of Bullaly, gentleman, and fuch peffons as fhall from time to time be chofen in manner herein mentioned, in tljc room of fuch of them as (hall die, refign, or be re-^	moved,

^fhe ttoeniy-fiventh Yearjof George III,

4^

proved, fhall be truftees for fijperfntending, widening, re- A. 13. pairing, arid rendering more convenient to travellers that 1787. part of the faid road which lies between the city of Dub* Chap, 59. tin and Liflenhall bridge, and fhall be called the trull ees of $he Sou: hern divifion j arid that Thomas Pepper, of Bally-garth, efquire, Thomas Baker, of Qorduff, efquire, Robeit Birch, of Turvey, efquire, William Pace, of Balhriggan^ gentletpan, Francis Smith, of Balruddery, gentleman',

Richard Carigan, of Man of War, gentleman, Maurice Leonard, of Man of War, gentleman, and fuch perfons as fhall from time to time be chofep in manner herein menT tioned, iq the room of fuch of them as fhall die, refign, or* be removed# fhall be trufteea for fuperintending, widening^ repairing, and rendering more convenient to travellers that part of the faid road which lies between the fouth end of Liffenhall bridge and the eighteenth mile done, and fhall be called the truftees of the middle divilion $ and that John William Fofter, of Rofy-parh, efquire, John M’Ciintockf of Drumcar, efquire, Edward JJardman, of Drogheda, efquire, IJarton Tandy, of Drogheda, efquire, Thomas Pepper, of IJallygarth, efquire, John Siddal, of Drogheda, gentleman, Philip Duffy, of Drogheda, gentleman, and ftch perfons atf fhall ftom time to time be'ebofen iq manner herein mentioned, in the room of fuch of them as fhall cjie, refign, or l>c rertioveJ, fhall be truftees for fuperintendinff, widening, repairing and rendering more convenient to travellers, that part of the faid road which lies fc^ween the eighteenth mile-ftone, and the bridge of Dunleef, and fhall be called the truftees of the northern divifion.

V.	And be it further enafted, That whenever any of the Fle&ion of truftees herein before named, fhall happen to die or refign, **¥&*«.

it fhall be lawful for the remaining truftees of the fame divifion, or any four or more of them, to eledt a perfon to he a truft.ee thereof, in his place, and fo as ofteq as a vacancy fhall happen by the death or refignation of any perfon fo chofen. and fuch perfoq when approved of by any feven or more or the faid commiffioners, fhall be a tniftee thereof.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That the truftees of the fyfecting«> &c. find three divifions fhall, as fpon as they conveniently caq,

gfter the paffing of this a&9 and once at the leaft in every month after meet refpedHv^ly at fpme place in or convenient td their refpe&ive divifions, and fhatl have power to choofq a proper perfop to be infpedlor of the road within their divifion, tfrid to appoint fuch fafery not exceeding twenty pounds yearly, as they oi* any four or more of them fhall think proper to be paid to him, and fhall eftablifh ot erect, or caufe to be erected one or more pay-gate or pay-gates, upon and acrofs friy part or parts of the faid road within their divifion by tho

diredtioq

Digitized by

Google

♦7«

7he tiventy-fevepth Tear of George III.

At D.

1787. Chap 59.

oil on cars,

* «>

dire&ion or with the approbatipn of the commiflioners hetrt« before mentioned, or any feven or more of them, five 3nd except in the town of Dunleer, or within half a mile thereof, and alfo fliall have power to build, hire, oj rent a to!!-lioufe convenient to every fuch gate, and to demand and take by fucli pci fun or perfons, as they or any four or more of tb *m (hall authorize thereto, the following tolls at every fity.h gate, before any horfe, mare, gelding, afs, mule, cattle, coach, chariot, landaw, phaeton, cabriolet, curricle f chaife, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, fhall be permitted to go through the fame? that is to fay, for every coach, la^daw, phariot, chaife, phaeton, fabriolet, curricle, or chair, if drawn by fix horfes, or other beads, or by mof? than fix, the fum of two (hillings and eight pence halfpenny, if drawn by four or five horfes, or other beads, the fum of one (hilling and feven pence halfpenny, if drawn by two or three horfes, or other beads, the fum of one (hilling and one pen ay, and if drawn by one horfe, or other bead only, the fum of fix pence halfpenny, for every waggon, jwain, dray, cart, car, timber, or other carriage not herein! before charged, if the jlreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof, (hall be fet on with counter-funk flat headed nails, bolts or ferews, and (hall be four inches or more in breadth, th^ furn of one penny, for every horfe qr bead drawing the fame, and if the dreaks'or (homing of the wheels thereof, (hall bd fet on in like manner, and (hall be lefs th^n four inches, but not lefs than thrW inches in Breadth, the fum of three half pence, for every tSorfe orother Bead drawing the lame, and \{ thfc dreaks, or (hoeing of the wheels thereof, fhall be fet on in like mrjiner, and (hall be left than three inches in breadth, the fum of three pence for every horfe of other bead drawing the fame, and if any of the dreaks or (hoeing of any of the wheels of any Tuch carriage (had he fet on with high or fprig headed nails, bolts or ferews, or with any nails, bolts or ferews,' hot being counter-funk aad flat-headed, tlfe fum of one (hilling for every horfe or oilier bead drawing the fame; for every horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, lad ft br unladen, the fum of one penny ; for every' drove of oxei^ cows, or neat cattle, the fum of twenty pence byjhe fcoie; hnd fo in proportion for any greater or lefe number, for every drove of calves, (beep, lambs or pigs* the fum of ten pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or le(s number." "*	v'	*	•'

VII.	Provided always, That for every car, whofe wheels however narrow they may be, (hall be formed al*d put on fo fo as to turn round the axle-tree, and whofe axle-tree (hall be fixed fo as not to turn round with the wheeb, the fum of

* a	.	>	>	»

The twenty-feventb Tjar of George III.

mnt penny pgly and no more, (hall be demanded or taken at any fuch gate, for each horfe, or oth^r bead drawing the fame, if the ffreaks or (hoeing of fuch wheels be fet qn with counter-funk flat-headed naih, bolts or ferews.

wyiII. And be it further ena&ed, Tiiat it (hall be lawful for the faid trufieea, or any fbur or more of them, with the approbation of any feveu or more of the faid commiflioners, to erefl a pay-gate pr pay-gates on the fide of the road within their divifioij acrors any lane or way leading out of tuc fhid road, and to build, hire, or rent a toll-houie for every /uch gate, and there to demand and receive fuch tolls as are appointed by this a& to bp taken at any gate upon the roud in the faid diviiion ; and that every fuch gate (hall be deemed a pay-gate within the faid diviflon.

IX.	Provided always, that no fuch fide gate (hall be

^re&ed in the town of Drogheda, or within ope mile pf it.	'	"	*	•

X.	And be It further enafhed, That no perfon (hall be liable to pay any of the faid tolls more than once in the fame day within the fame diviflon with the fame cattle anti carriage, but that every perfon after, having paid fuch toll once in any one diviflon, may during the remainder of tpe fame (day, every fuch day to be computed from twelve o'clock $t night to twelve o'clock the fueoeedmg night, pafs and repafs toll free through every pay-gate on the (aid diviflon with the fame cattle and carriage for which fuch toll (hall have been paid, on producing a ticket, denoting the payment of fuch toll, and containing fuch other matters as^re herein required refpeding the fame, which ticket every collector is required to give gratis on receiving the toll upon pain of forfeiting five (hillings for every omiflion or refyfal, upon convi?-

' tion before any iullice of the peace of the county hi which the offence (hall be committed, or before any of the faid commit-fioners, every of whom are hereby authorized to examine into the fame, andadminifter oaths for that purpofe.

XI.	And be it furtlyr ena&rd, That if any perfon (liadl refufe to pay the toll payable by him or heT in virtue of this a&, it (hall be lawful for the colle&or thereof, or perfoii acting at fuch, to levy the fame by diftrefs of the borle qr horfes, or other beaft or beads, carriage or carriages, upon which the toll is by this aft impofed^ or upon the goods or chattels of the perfon or perfons who ought to pay the fame, and fuch horfe or horfes, or. other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattel? may be detained until fuch toll (hall be paid, with the reasonable charges of fuch didrefs and if the fame (Hall not be paid within four days, it "lall be lawful for the colle&or or perfon a&ing as fuch, tt> :11 the feme, readying the overplus, if any, to the owner oh

^emand^

P.iy gates acmu lancH, leading aut uf the rimd.

Toll bat once a day Ofl r c ia.ni: divl* flou.

Toll reco* ▼ered by dift; ti el* sujul (ale.

♦

Digitized by v^ooQle

*7*

A. D

*7«7-Chap. 59.

Forcing through the jptc, &c.

T^cta for ***“*.«•

Tie twOHy^evmii Year George HL

demand, after payment of the faid toll, and the fall expense* of thfc feid didrefs and fale

XII	And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfoa or perfons (hall forcibly or wilfully go or pafs with any horfe, bead, or carriage, through any pay -gate on the (aid road, without paying the toll by this a& required, or producing a proper ticket as aforefaid at fuch pay-gate, or fhall knowingly or defignedly affault, interrupt or obdru& any of the Colle&ors or perfons employed in colle&ing or receiving any of the faid tolls, or any otherwife in the execution of his or their employments of receiver or colled or, or (hall forge, Counterfeit, or alter, or (hall deliver to or receive from any other perfon or perfons any note or ticket, with an intent to gvoid the payment of any of the faid tolls, or any part thcra* Of, every perfon fo offending, being eonvicted thereof by the oath of one credible witnefs before any j office of the peace, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, and it (hall he lawful for every collector or perfon acting as fuch,' and all other perfons by him required to aflifl in that refpect, to feize any horfe or horfes, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, with all goods thereon, and the driver or diivers, attendant or attendants thereof, tnd to bring them before any judice of the peace, who i^ hereby required to enquire into fuch offence, and if upon conviction before fuch judice, upon the oath of any credible witnefs, the party or parties complained of, feaH not pay fuch penalty together with the tolls that (hall be due, it (hall be lawful for fuch judice, and he is hereby required by warrant under his hand and feal to caufe the horfe or horfes, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods (o didrained to be fold for payment of the faidf tolls and penalties, and the charges of feiziug and keeping the fame, and of fucb fale, rendering the overplus, if any, upon demand to the Owner or owner* of fhe feme, or to "the perfon or perfoaq under whofe care, or in whofe poflefiioo the feme refpe&ivdy Was or were when fo feized as afqrefeid, or if no Sufficient didrefs (hall have been feized, to commit fuch owner or owners, or other perfon or perfons to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until fuch fine and penalties, tolls and charges be paid.

XIII.	And be it further ena&fd. That every ticket IQ be given as aforefaid by any collector for any carriage which js. fubjed to different tolls in refpe& to the different breadths or (hoeings of its wheels, (hall pruly fpecify the fum received, the number of horfes or other beads drawing the feme carriage, and the breadth of the wheels, that is to fey, whether four inches or more, whether under four, and not left th^n three inches, or whether lefe thgn three	and	alls

yhftfo*

Ttbe t&entyfroatth Tear if Gebxge III.

-*>fcetbcr flatdhod or (hod with high or fprig-headed nails, bolts, or (crews, and if any ticket (hall not fpeerfy all the (aid matters truly, the collcdor of the toll at the gate where fnch ticket (hall have been given, (hall forfeit the lum of five pounds for every fueh offence upon con vision by oath of one credible witnefs before any juftice of the peace, and in cafe of not paying the fame immediately, (hall be committed by warrant undier the hand and feal of fuch juftice to the com-*mon gaol or houie of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of one month, or till the (aid fine (hall be paid.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for theinfpedor of any of the faid divifions, or for anytruf-tee or commifiioner, or any magiftrate, conibble, or fub-conftabk, to ftop on any part of the (aid road any car, cart, dray, waggon, wain, or other carriage, not being a coach, landaw, chariot, chaife, phaeton, cabriolet, curricle, or chair, which (hall have paffed during the fame day through any pay-gate on the faid road, and whofe wheels (hall not be four inches in breadth on the fob, or (hallhave any large or fprig-headed nails in their (beaks or flioeing, and to require the driver or perfon attending the fame, to produce the ticket which he or (he (hall have received at fnch pay <gatc for the toll paid for the fame; and if fuch driver or perfon ftiaH neglect or refufe to produce fuch ticket immediately on demand, or if fuch ticket, when produced, (had Apt certify the whole toll payable for the fame by virtue of this ad, or (hall contain any other description of the breadth and (hoeing of the wheels $han the truth, it (hall be lawful for fuch pcifou to feize and 4iftrain the faid horfe, pr other bead and carnage, with aH the goods and chattels thereon, and fuch horfe or horfes, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and ^chattels may be detained until the toll prescribed by the ad for the fame (hafl be paid, with tlie reafonable charges of fuch diftrefe and detaining, and if the fame (hall not be paid jwitbin four days, k (hall be lawful for the peifon who (halt have Seized, to foil the fame, rendering the overplus, if any, jto the owner or driver, on demand after payment of the faid toll, and the fuM expen.ces of the faid dill refs, detaining, and (ale.

XV.	And be k further eqaded, That every colledor or pther perfon adingas fuch, (haU have power to detain at any pay-gate, every car, cart, or other carriage whereon the ton payable varies, according to the breadth of the (freaks or (hosing of the wheels^ and to meafijre the fafoe, and every infpedor, truftee, eommiffioner, magiftrate,nfub-conftable, pr oon liable (ball have the like power to (lop and meafure tfie fphocb of every fuch car or carriage on any part of the find

Carl, ft*

(topped, and ticket examined.

Cars, ice. ftopptd till the wht eU are meafured.

*

Digitized by L^ooQle

474	72*	twenlyfeventb	Tear of George IITf

rood, and if any driver or other perfon (ball hinder or refufe

to permit fuch collector, or fuch other perfon to meafure the wheels of any fuch carriage, and (hall be convicted thereof^ upon the oath of any one credible witnefs before any jufiice of the peace, every l'uch perfon fo offending ftiail forfeit the fuin of live pounds, to be levied by diftrefs ana fale of the fat'd ca' or other carriage, and the horfe and horfes, or other beads drawing the fame, and the goods thereon, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juliice, reuderiwg the overplus, if any, after deducting the laid line, and the expencet of fuch dillrtfs.and fale to the owner on demand.

XVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore* faid, That if any perfon or persons whatsoever owning, rent* ing, or occupying any land) near unto any pay-gate etlablilh-cd or erected, or to be erected in purfuance of this act, fhal{ for gain, reward, or otherwise; knowingly or willingly permit any perfon or performs whatfqeycr to pafs through any gnte, paffage, or way with any horfe, bcaft, cattle, or cct-rjaze liable to toll on paffiug through any pay-gate on the faid road, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and be thereof convicted upon the oath, of any one credible witnefs before any juliice of the peace, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of ten (hillings for every fuck offence, to be levied by dillrefa and fale of fuch offenders goods by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch jufiice, rendering the overplus, if any, fq the owner, the charges it taking anc^difpoiing of the faid goods being firft deducted.

XVII.	And be it further eqa&ed, That it fhall be law-lobe appointed. fhJ fqj- fyid pommifljoners, or any fe*en or more of them^

to appoint a. treafurer at a yearly faiary not exceeding twenty pounds, and as they (hall fee occafion to remove him, and appoint another perfon in his dead, and to take from every perfon \vhom they (hall appoint, fu$h fecuiity as they (hall think proper; for hit duly accounting for, and pay* ing all money which he (hall ry^eive as treafurer, and for depofiting the fame from time to time in fucb iqanner as they, or any {even or more of them, (hall from time to time dircdl, in the bank of Ireland, or in any other bank.

Intercft to XVIII. And whereas feveral perfons plaim to be entitled he paid on de- to intere(l upop debentures iflued heretofore upon the tolls Ventures.	cf	t^c roa(j j be flirthcr Cnaded, That it (hall and

may be lawful for }he faid commiflionq-s, or any feven or mare of them, and they are hereby required before the firft day of May, one t|ioi:land feyep hundred and cighty-eigh^ to order one years jntereft due pn the debentures on the faid road to be paid by their treafurer, out of the tolls, or any other monies winch he (hall receive by virtue of this ad, before the faid day, in fuch manner, at fuch time or times, find in fuch proportions refpeding the accppnt of each divift*

Owners of

knd noT to permit any lirrle,

top*£», &c.

A tretfnrer

*

I

\

♦

The twcnty-feventh Tear of George III,

mr\ as they (hall think proper, and to order at pny time i# each year afterwards, one years like intereft to be paid by jtheir treafurer, out of the tolls arifing by virtue of this ad, in manner following, that is to fay, out of the tolls arifing within the year from the gates on each divifion, fuel) fum as ihall bear the fame proportion to the whole of the years inter* eft, payable on the whole of the faid road, as the tolls \yhicb .fhall have arifen within the preceding year from the gates in ■that divifion, (hall bear to the whole of the tolls which (hall Jiave arifen within the faid year from all the gates upon a|^ the three divifions

XIX And be it further enaded, That fuch treafurer’s falary (hall be paid out of the tolls of each divifion in the fame proportion, and that every fuch treafurer (hall keep a •feparatc account for each of the faid divifions, and lie (hall .pay out of the monies received on account of each divifion, iuch fum as fhaU be ordered by the faid commidioners, or .any feven or more of them, for the proportion of that division, towards payment of the intereft of the debt claimed to £e due upqp tjie whole of the (aid road, and of his own falary in manner herein direded, and he (hall pay from time to •time to the orders of the truftees of fuch divifion, or any four or more of them, whatever fum or fums (hall be in his bands to their credit, for the ufe of the faid road within faid divifion, except fuch as he (hall be ordered as aforefaid by the faid commidioners, or any /even or more of tbein, to pay for intereft: and his own falary.

XX. And be it further ena&ed, That it (ball be lawful for Jlhe faid truftees n/pt&ively, or any four or rn°rc of them, to ’appoint as many colledors as (hall be nccefiary for receiving the tolls at the pay-gatee, which (hall be within their divifion, at fuch falary or wages as ftiall be approved of by ihe faid commiflioners, qt any feven or wore of them* not exceeding the rate of fixteen pounds per annum for each; and every inch coRedor, (hall pay the monies by him colleded or received to the treasurer appointed by the faid ^commiffion-ers, once at leaft ift every month, and as much oftener as he Ihall be thereunto required by any three truftees of the laid divifion, or by any one cornmiifioner, ;and (hall alfo upon oath if thereunto required by the (aid treqfurcr, or by any of the faid truftees or commifijiopers, which oath anyone of the faid truftees or commifiiooere is hereby empowered %o adminifter, give * in from time to time a true, exact, and perfed account in writing, of all monies by him colleded or received, by virtue of this act, or by rtrafon of his faid employment, and if any fuch colledor (ball refufe or omit fo to do, and (hall be thereof convided upon the oath of any one credible witnefs before any juftice of the peace, it (hall b$

' • f	lawful

Payment of treafurcr's ialac ry, uc.

CoRe&ors to be appointed.

at r6L per annum.

col!ettori to make oath of fums received, &c.

Digitized by

The twnty-Jbvmtb Tea of George ITT.

A. S.

1787. Chap. 59.

Leafn to be made of the

jEoUg

Tolla to be fet by cam at herein.

lawful for fuch juftice to commit foch colkftor to &ol,tW9t to remain without bail or main-prize, until he (hall give ta fuch account upon oath, and pay all fuch monies as he /hafl have received for the faid truftets by virtue of this aft*

XXI.	Provided al vays, and be it further enafted, That the truftees of any of the faid divifions, or any four or morfe of them, may if they think fit, and they are hereby empowered^ on tour teen days notice being given in any two J)ubhn papery for that purpofe, to leafe or farm by the year, for any time not exceeding three years, nor lefs than one year, the toll* by this aft payable in their divifion refpeftiveiy, to any per-fon or per foils at or for the largeft yearly fum that can be got for the fame.

XXII.	Provided always. That they be fet by public^ cant, and that the agreement be put into writing, and figned by the paity taking the fame* and that the money be made payable monthly, and that proper fectirity be given for the regular payment thereof, and that one month be paid m advance, and that every fuch agteeraent be approved of, and figntd by three at lead qf the (aid qommiffioqers prefent at fuch cant.

Pawert of pollcd«r» appointed by persons taking the tolls by leafe.

Collt&or*. Arc. ncgle&it^ foifcit 5L

XXIII.	And be it farther enafted, That qvery perfoq appointed to receive the toll at any pay-gate On any of the divifions of faid road, by aay perfon or perfons taking the fame by leafe, (hall have all and lingular the like regulations, penalties, and reftrictio£*r as any collector appointed by the truftees of any fuch divifon can or (hall have, or be fubject to by virtue qf this aet, except as to paying tbe tolls collected to the treafurer, and accounting for the (ache to him, or to the truftees or commifltoners.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That if any colleftoror toll-gatherer, whether appointed by the faid truftees, or by an f perfon taking any of the tolls by leafe or contract, or any perfon acting as fuch, (half permit any carriage, horfe,or bead whatfo* ever, to pafs through any pay-gate without payment of the toll, payable for the fame by virtue of this aft, or a proper certificate as afore direfted being produced therewith, and (hall omit to feize fuch par, carriage, or bead, or (hall delay to proceed to have the penalties levied as the law directs far fact offence, or (hall omit to detain car, cart, or other carriage, and prevent the palling through the gate, after notice (hall be given to him that the driver thereof has obftructed the execution of this act in any refpect, every perfon fo offending (hall, upon conviction thprpof before any one juftice of the peace, forfeit the ftim of (ive pounds, and on non-payment thereof, (hall be committed by warrant under the hand and foal of fuch juftice to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, there to remain without bad qr maipprizp, for anf

tiipa

■Digitized by

The t&enty'froentb Tear of George III.	477

ndl exceeding fix months, or until the faid fine be A. D. paid.	I7®7*

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the truftees in Chap. 59.

every of the faid divifions, or any four or more of them, (hall expend from time to time all fuch funis of moH«y as Hi all re-main in the treafureris hands of the tolls ariling within the t0lVare expend-’ fpid divifion, over and above the projx>rtion of intereft, and ed. treafurcr’s falary appointed as aforefaid, to be paid by fuch division, and Over aod above all rents which may be payable tbereout by virtue of this ad, in ereding or repairing gates and toll-houfes, fixing tables of the tolls, and fixing and light-log proper lamps at each gate, in erecting mile ftones and finger polls, paying toll colledors and infpedor, in the expellees of furveys and valuations for widening, and in widening the faid road, and fencing it where widened, in draioing, forming, gravelling, dreflkig, cleaning, or repairing the faid road, and in rendering it more convenient for travellers, according to their discretion, and in laying up materials in con*

Vcnient places for repairing breaches in the winter fcafon. s # ^

XXV Provided always, and be it enaded, That the ex- ed accounted fee penditure of all fuch money fiiall he accounted for upon oath ou oath, &c. before the faid truftees, which oath any of the faid truftees or commifIioner8 is hereby empowered to adminiller, fpccifying the particular manner in which every part of it (hall have been expended, and fuch account (hall be laid before the faid CQmmiflioners, together with a copy ot all ord rsof expenditure made by the faid truftees, by being depolited with their treafurer once at the leall in every three months, and as much oftner as the faid coinnuffiooers, or any feven or more of them fhall require.

XXVII And be it further enaded, That if any perfon Pc'fon* ex* tp whom the expenditure of any of the faid money (hall be ^aceount^or^ entrufted by the faid truftees, (hall not account for fo much fame, as h«cin. as he (hall have expended of the fame in manner aforefaid, within one month afterheihallbe thereunto required by anyone of the faid truftees, or of the faid commiffiouers, he (hall forfeit double «ihe fum which he (hall be fo required to account fur, and upon^ion-piyment thereof (hall be committed, by warrant under the huud and fcal of the jufticj before whom he (hall be coovided, upon tlie oath of any one credible wit-nefs, to the common gaol, or houfe of corre&ion, there to remain until the faid forfeiture be paid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every perfon An account of appointed infpedor of the road in any of the faid divifion9, the Hate of th« (ball once in every month return to the (aid truftces, an ac- road, 6cc. count on oath of the ftate of the road, the condud of the gate-keepers and overfeers, workmen and labourers, fo far as the fame (ball have fallen within his observation, whether the

ticketa

m

Digitized by

Google

*



47*	1%i Iwentjfete of George Iff.

A. D.

1787. Chap. 59.

InfpCvSor to repair breaches.

Powet of taking gravel. See.

"Offences for whiih tht penalty is jl.

\

tickets given to cars, carts, or other carnages pafOng throbgft any of the pay-gates thereon, which he has examined, havd been conformable to this aft, or wherein they bare differed, what miifances, encroachments or offences againft this aft, he hajJ found or obferved refpefting the faid road, what fleps he has' taken to remove or remedy them, what penalties he has levied, and the fevcral days on which he has infpefted the faid road, and what part thereof he has infpefted on each day.

XXIX.	And be it further Cnafted, That evciy infpeelor (hall have power to repair any hidden breaches or hole* which he may have obferved in any part of the faid road, firfl receiving an order for the purpofe from any two trufteesof the divifion, and the expence thereof fhall be laid before the trullees at their next meeting, and upon their approving thereof, and his making oath of the expenditure, and fpeft-fying the particulars thereof, they or any four, or more of them, may order the faid expences to be paid by the trea-furer.

XXX.	And be it further cnafted, That every perfon ap«* pointed by any thiee or more of the faid trullees, to make gravel, repair or fuperintend the faid road, or any part of it, fhall have bill power and authority to dig for, fcarch, raife, and carry away any gravel, flones, fand, or other materials which may he wanted for the ufe of the faid road, and to make drains in order to carry off water from or prevent its injuring the faid road, on or through the lands of any perfon, not being a deer-park, orchard, haggard, yard, planted lawn or avenue, to a manlion houfe, and that every fuch perfon fo appointed, (hnll make fatisfaftion to the owners or occupiers of die land for the damage that may be done thereby, ia like manner and under the like regulations as is, and are enabled with refpeft to damages done by overfeers appointed' by the presentments of grand juries.

XXXT. And be it further cnafted. That if any perfon fhall build any houfe or part ofa houfe w ithin forty feet of the centre of the faid road, except in a corporate 01 borough tow n, or lhall build any wall or make any ditch within thirty teet of the cur* tre of the faid road, or (hall make or have any ^jpy or p'lfTage from the faid road into the lands adjoining, without placing a gutter or arch underneath fuch way or paifage, as deep 25 the drain or ditch over which it is or fhall be made, fo as to allow all water which may at any time be therein, full room to pafs, or fhall bum or permit or fuffrr to be burned on his or her land, bricks or weeds, or vegetable fuhftance for allies, wiihin one hundred feet of the centre of the faid ruad, every fuch perfon fhall for every fuch offence upon conviction thereof, by the oath of one credible witnefs before any jufticc of the peace, or upon the view of fuch juiticc, forfeit



offences far

¥%e tnvenfy-Jevtftth Yiear tf George lit.

Ihe film of five pounds; and if any perfon (hall keep or have in hi* or her pofleflion any cur dog, maftiff, orbull-dog, at any houfc within fifty yards of the faid road, without a block of wood of five pounds weight at the leaft faftened to the neck of every fuch dog, or (hall wiunow or lay out for winnowing any com on the (aid road, or (hall lay any ftraw, dung, or rub- vrh;J»pcuaa/ is %>i(h thereon, or (hall (crape the fanae, or (hall lay the fcour-ing or earth of any 4itch or draiTrRi the faid road, and let it lie there for more than the fpace of twenty*four hours, or (hall leave on any part of the fame between enclofure auden-clofure, or permit to be left thereon, oppofite or ntar to his Or her houfe, any carriage whatfoever, or any plough or harrow, without the liorfe or horfts, or ether beaft or beads being harneflctl thereto, unlefs fuch carriage as (hall be accidentally broken down there, and cannot be removed without repair, or if any perfon (hall fpread out any linen, blanket or winnow cloth within ore hundred feet of the centre of the faid road, or (hall beat or dry any flax, or leave any timber, ftones, fand, clay, lime, or other matter on the faid road, except for the ufe of the faid road, or (hall leave, or permit to be left, the caicafe of any horfe or other bead, or (hall fkiu the fame, or permit it to be (kinned on the faid road, or within one hundred yards of the centre thereof, except in a houfe or yard enclofed with walls, or (hall lead or drive any car or carriage with timber, boards or iron laid acrofs, fo as that either end thereof (hall project beyond the wheels or fides of the carriage, or (hall drag any timber or mill ftonea along any part of the faid road, without being fupported by Wheels from touching the fame, or (hall erect (ign-polfc, or may-pole or may bufh on any part of the fuel ror. i, every perfon fo offending, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, upon convi&i n before any jnfticc of the peace by the oath of one* crecible witnefs, or upon the view of fuch jo (I ice.

XXXil. And be it further enacted. That all dung, dirt, ftraw, rubbiih, ft ones, gravel, fand, or lime, which (hall be laid on the faid roahi, fhall be and is hereby declared tube forfeited to the truftees of the divifion wherein fuch roacHies, fcnd to be their foie property, and (hall be fold by them, or any of them, for the ufe of the faid road, or otherwife dif* pofed of by them as they (hall think fit, and thnt if any pej-ion not authorize d by the faid truftees, (hall drn .v away any part thereof, fuch perfon (hall be deemed to have felonioufty ftoltn'the fame, and (hall be profecuted and pum'hcd as any perfon felonioufty dealing like goods, being.the private pio-perty of anotheg.

XXXIII. Provided always That no fuch perfon (hall he fcntenced to death or transportation, or other punifhmcnt tak^ng*uch than due, itnprifonment, or whipping, for the fame.	dung,	Sec.

XXXIV,



Dun**, See. hid on thciosd.

Penalty on

Penalty on kiTior fcoaring t>r eaith on the rood.

Corn and timber laid on the road as herein forfeited.

Infpedor to alter an v wall, ate.

and poD down fign poll*.

Grand jury to prefrnt any tioofe &c. at herein.

fig t+Mj~fc*eulb Tgar rf Georg* iff.

XXXIV.	And be it further ena&cd, That for every ca*

load of Icouring or earth thrown out of any drain or ditch on the faid road, which (hall have remained thereon twenty-four hours, and which (hall be drawn away by the (aid trustees, or their order, the owner or occupier of the land which fuch drain or ditch divides from the faid road, (hall forfeit the fum of one (hilling for every day the fame (hall have remained thereon, upon cottvt&ion in manner afbrefaid.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&cd, That it (hall and may be lawful for every perfon whatsoever to take and carry away, and convert to his or her own ufe, any com which (hall be laid on the faid road for the purpofe of being winnowed, or (hall be winnowing thereon, or remain thereon after being winnowed, together with the facks or winnowing cloths wherein the fame may happen to be, and alfb all timber which (hall be left on any part of the faid road, and (hall have remained thereon for feven days, not having been brought or kept there by order of the faid tmftecs, or for the ufe of the (aid road, without the let, fait, trouble, or hindemnee of any perfon whstfoever.

XXXVI.	And be it farther ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful for the infpc&or of the laid road, within his divifion, to pull down, or fill up, and level any wall, drain, or ditch, which (hall be built or made, or began to be built and made, after the palling of this a£t, upon any part of the laid road, or within thirty feet of the centre of the laid road, and to take/up any way or pailage from the faid road into any field or land adjoining, which may ob(tro& the free paf-fage of water, and to remake the fame by building a gutter or fewer or arch therein, at a fufficient depth, and to fcour and clear away all obftru&ions which may happen to be made in any drain for carrying away water from the faid road, or for preventing its injuring the fame, and to pull down and remove any fign-poft which Ihafl be erefted contrary to this a&, firft obtaining a warrant under the hand and feal of any magiArate, or any of the truftees or commilfioners for fo doing, ar.d to levy the. expcncc thereof, by'diltrefs and fale of the goods of the offender, or of the owner ot occupier of the land wherein luch way, pa Cage, or drain (hall be, rendering the overplus, if any, to tlic owner on demand.

XXXVII.	And be it father enae ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the grand jury at any aflizes or quarter feffions, to prefent any boufe or part of a houfc, or lime-kiln to be pulled down, which (ball be built conti ary to thisad, within their refpe&ive county, and that the expences of fo doing, be levied off the goods and chattels of the offender, and that it (hall and may be law ful for any perfon to kill any

dog

The twen!y-/eventh Tear of George III.

481

*dog which (hall be kept contrary to this ad, without being A. D. lued or profecutcd for fo doing.	1787.

XXKV1II. And be it further enacted, That if any in- Chap. 59. Ipedor fhall omit to apply for any fuch warrant for forty-eight hours after he (hall have been informed, or have feen Penalty on any of the faid offences or matters, or having obtained fuch Irjc^°r 'warrant, (hall omit for forty-eight hours to execute the fame, ** unlefs prevented by the feverity of weather, or fhall omit to apply at the next enfuing feflions or aflizes for fuel) pre-fentment as aforefaid, or fhall delay or negled to feize, pro-fecute for, and levy any of the penalties for offences againfl this ad which dhall come or happen within his knowledge, view, or information, he fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch omiffion, delay, or negled, upon con vision thereof before any juftice of the peace, upoa the oath of any ohc credible witnefs.

XXXIX. And be it further, enafted, That if the driver Penalty on or perl'on in care of any car, cart, dray, or waggon,or earn- driven of age, fhall ride upon the fame on any part of the faid road, car*»	Z

not haviug fome other perfon on foot or on horfeback to guide ** crein* the fame, ( fuch carriages asare refpedively drawn by one horfe only, or two horfes abreaft, with bridles in their mouths, and are conduced by fome perfon holding the reins of fuch bridles excepted) or if the driver or perfon in care of any carriage, fhall by negligence or wilful mifhehaviour, hinder, obttrud, or interrupt the paffage of any other carriage, or any of his Ma-jcfly’s fubjeds on the faid road, or if the driver or perfon in care of any empty or unloaded car, cart, or other carriage, fhall refufe or negled to turn afide, and to make way for any coach, chariot, chaife, loaded waggon, cart, car, dray, or other loaded carriage, every fuch perfon being convided thereof, by his own confeffion, or by the oath of any one credible witnefs, before any juftice of the peace, {hall for every fueh offence, if fuch offender be not the owner of fuch carriage, forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, and if fuch offender fhall be the owner of fuch carriage, he fhall forfeit the fnm of twenty (hillings, and every fuch offender fhall on non-payment thereof, be committed by fuch juftice to the gaol, or lioufe of corredion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, or until the faid fine be paid, and every fuch offender or perfon in care of fuch carriage, offending in any of the faid cafes, may by the authority of this ad, and without any other wanant, be apprehended by any perfon who (hall fee fuch offence committed, and conveyed or delivered to a conftable or other peace officer, to be conveyed before fome juftice of the peace

XL. And be it further enaded, That in cafe any perfon Refilling per-©r perfons fttHl refill or make forcible oppoiition againft any

Vol. VIII.	H	h	*	perfon	*	*

4$*	The Hventjfcvcnth Tear of George III.

A* fib perfon or perfons employed in the due execution of tbfx ad^ f7^7»	or (hall a (fault any colle&or of the tolls in the execution of

Chap. 59.	his or theic office or offices, or (hall n\ake, or attempt to make

any refeue of cattle, carnage, or other gdods, d» (trained of ft*ized by virtue of this ad, or if any conftable or fub-con&a-fcle (hall refufe or negled to execute any warrant granted by fcny juftice, or by any commiffioner or truftee, purfuant to the diredionspf this ad, every fuch perfon offending therein* and be:f g convided thereof before any juftice of the peace, by his or htjr own confcflion, or by the oath of one credible witnefs, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit any fum not,exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than forty fhiffings, at the dif* cretion of fuch juftice, and in cafe the fame (hall not be in** mediately paid, fuch juftice is hereby empowered and required to commit fuch offender to the common gaol or houfe of corredion, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, unlefc the faid forfeiture (hall be foou-cr paid.

Norotnpofiti- XLI. And be it further enaded. That it (hall not be on for tolls. lawful for the faid trufteee, or afiy of them, to make or ac* cept of any compofition with or from any perfon whatfaever, for any of the tolls to be paid by virtue of this ad.

Monies tec. XLIl. And be it further enaded, That all monies which handed over to (hall have arifen, or may arife by virtue of the faid recited treafnrer; ad hereby repealed, and (hall be payable to the truftee* thereby appointed, or be in their hands, or in the hands of their treasurer, together with all fecuritles for money due, or to be due to them as truftees of the faid road, (hall be paid and handed Over by them or their fecretary to the treaforer, who (hall be appointed by virtue of this ad, and all fuch monies (hall be applied towards the purpofes of this ad, or towards the payment of any intereft due on debentures upon the faid road, in fuch manner as the faid commiffioncm, or leife* made an)r ^ercn ormorc of them (hall think proper; and that any after March agreement or leafe for fetting the tolls of the faid road, or 1789, void. any part therrof, which may be made after the firft day of March, one thotifand feven hundred and eighty-feven, by the truftees appointed by the faid ad, (hall be null and void.

Truftees cho*	XLI1I And be it further enaded, That if any of the

fen m place of perfons thereby appointed truftees for any of the faid divifi-glc& to^attend on*> neglc<ct or refufe to execute the truft, by declaring his refufal in writing under his hand, or not attending at foine one meeting of the tsuftees, during the month next en-fuing after the palling of this ad, it (hall be lawful for the laid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, to choofe fome other perfon to be a truftee in the place of the perfon fo negleding or refilling, and fuch perfon when ib cbofcn

I (hall

I

The twcnfj'fcventl Tear of George IIL

4»|

(hall be a truftee to all intents and purpoles, as fully as if he were appointed fuch in the body of this a ft.

XL IV. And be it further enafted, That all fines, penal* ties, and forfeitures impofed for any offence committed againft this aft, the manner of levying and applying which is not herein particularly direfted, (hall and may be levied by dif-trefs and (ale of the offender’s "goods, by warrant under the (land and feal of the juftice before whom the offender (hall be convifted by the oath of one credible witnefs, or his or her own confeflion, and in cafe of non-payment thereof, or of any fine or penalty which (hall be impofed by the authority of this aft, the offender (hall be committed by fuch juftice by warrant under his hand and feal to the common gaol or fioufe of correftion, there to remain without bail or main-prize for any time not exceeding three months, or until tbe faid fine, forfeiture, or penalty be paid; and every fuch fine, forfeiture, or penalty when paid, (hall be applied by the truftees in whofe divifion the offence (hall be committed, in aid of the tolls towards the ufes of the faid toad, and in rewarding the informer or parties convifting, and the confta-bles or other perfons aflifting, or partly in one and partly in tbe other of the faid ways, as to the faid truftee3, or any fe-ven or more of them (hall (eem proper.

XLV And be it further enafted, That every juftice of the peace (hall have full power within his jurifdiftion to adminif-ter all oaths which are hereby required or direfted, or which may be necefiary for the purpofes of this aft; and if any perfon (hall take or fubferibe any oath or affirmation, preferibed or empowered to be taken by virrue of or in purfuance of this aft, or for the purpofes of carrying this aft into execution, and fliaH wilfully affirm or fwear falfely therein, every fuch perfon (hall upon conviftion, fuffer the pains and penalties enafted againft perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt per*

And be it further enafted. That in all cafes where an oath is preferibed or mentioned in this aft, the affirmatioa of the party, if he or (he be a quaker, (hall and may be made or taken in the place of fuch oath.

XLVI1. And be it further enafted, That where any diftrefs (hall be made for any fum or fums of money to be levied by virtue of this aft, the diftrefs itfelf (hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpafier or trefpafiers, on account of any default or want of form "in any proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the party or parties diftraining be deemed a trefpafier or trefpafiers, ah initio on account of any irregularity which (hall be afterwards done by the party or parties diftraining; but the perfon or perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity may re* H h 2	cover

A. D.

•787.

Chap-J»

Fines and penalties how recovered, & c.

*

jyftfces to a&j mini&ereatb* See,

Affirmai of quaker*



Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form, &c.

Digitized by booQle

The twenty-[event h Tear of George III.

cover full fatiffaction for the fpecial damage in an a&ion oil the cafe.

XLVIII. And whereas the faid road is in many placet too narrow, and thereby not only dangerous and productive of delay to travellers, but requires more frequent repair, and .	it will be expedient to widen the fame, and in many places to

take off unneceiTary angles and windings; be it further enacted, That it I frail be lawful for the truftees of the faid fereral fnr'i\n?*Mr oft'	^'d	they are hereby impowered, with the approba-

*7 widening the ^*on the faid commiflioncrs, or any feven or more of tliera, road.	and they are alio required, when thereunto directed by the

faid com mi (Turners, or any feven or more of them, to take by leafe from any peifon or perfons, bodies politick or corpo-**	rate, fo much of the ground contiguous to the road within

their rcfpective divifions as may he necefTary to widen the fame, to the breadth of fixty feet in the clear in the middle and northern divifions, and to the breadth of eighty feet in the foutheru diviGon, and to make fences or ditches thereto, hnd alfo to take byleife in like manner fuch ground as may be wanting to take off any unneccffary angles or winding of the faid road, at fuch yearly rent as they can agree for, with fuch-approbation as aforefaid.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful for all bodies politick and corporate, corporations aggregate or foie, executors, adminiftrators, and guardians, not only on behalf of thcmfelves, but alfo on behalf of ceJJui que trufts, infants or iffue unborn, lunaticks, idiots, feme coverts, or other perfons, and for all feme coverts ft ized in their own right, and for all perfons having an effate for life with remainder ia tail, and for all and every perfons who are or (hall be feized, poffelfed of or interefted in any ground which (hall be necef* Tary for the purpofes aforefaid, to demife the fame to the faid Indices for ever, or for nine hundred and ninety-nine years, orduiing the rcfpective inrerefls at fuch yearly rftit as may be agreed* on; and if any fuch bodies, corporations, executors, admin:flrators, guardians, or other perfons (hall refufe to demife the fame in manner aforefaid, at: fuch rent as (hall be offered by the faid truftees, or (ball not produce a clear right to demife the fame to the fatisfaction of the faid truk tees, or bv rcafon of ah fence (hall be prevented from treating or agreeing with dhe faid trullees, it (hall be lawful for the faid trullees, and they are hereby required to have the yearly rent thereof inquired into, and ascertained upon the oaths of twelve indifferent men of the county, or county of the town or city wherein the fame is fituate in manner herein y v.dy rem^of -mentioned, that is to fay, they (hall caufc a notice to be ferv-U;<in e(^ a* hotife of the tenant or j)erfon in the poffcffionor occupation of any iuch hind or tenement, letting forth the ' -F	- '	length

Petfon* cm-^iirwcVM to A-mjfegnmua;

The twenty-fevcntb Tear of George III.

length and breadth of the ground in his or her occupation,. A* intended to be taken for the purpofcs.nf fliia aJt, and in..;	r*^7*

they will on a day to be mentioned in Inch notice, not lei a	Qliap. 59*

than twenty-one days cliftant, procee d to have the rent to I>e V_— payable by rhem for the fame, cnquiied into and ah-erniued by the oaths of twelve indifferent men, naming the place where fuch enquiry is to be made, and the faid tnu'lee*' arc hereby empowered to iiTue their warrant to the (henff of the county or county of a town or city, where fuch ground*, land, or tenement fhall lie, requiring him to fumnjon thirty-fix indifferent men of the county, to appear before them at tueli time and pl$ce as (hall be meutumed in Inch warrant for the. ptirpofe of afeertaining and valuing the rent thereof purlu-aut to this a<£t, and the faid Iheriff is hereby required to fmrw tnon and return fuch thirty-fix perfons, and out of them, or out of fuch of them as (hall appear, the faid truftccs ihal^ caufe twelve to be fworn for the purpofes aforefaid, and K>c 9 default of a fufficient number appearing, the fdd fhenlf 'hall return fo many of the (landers by as (hall be {KccflVy L * make up the number of twelve to ferve on fuch jury* and i.i cafe there fhall not be a fufficient number to mike up a jury, or no jury {hall be made up, a fielh warrant m.iy be iffjedy and like notices be ferved again for the faid purpofe, and fo aj often as the cafe fhall happen, provided the day to be fpccili-ed in every notice fo to be ferved again, need not be more than ten days dillant.

L. And be it further ena&cd, That all perfons concerned a„ v fhall from time to time have their lawful challenges (but not ^cnn jury to challenge the array of the panel) againit any of the faid jurymen when they come to be fworn, and the faid refpctHve trultees, or any four or more of them adding in the pi unifies, fhall have power from time to time, to impofe any reafonablc fine or fines on any (heriff, bailiffs or agents making default in the premies, and on any of the perfons that (hall be fum* moned anoreturned on fuch jury, and (hall not appear, or rc-fufe to be fworn on the faid jury, or to give their verditfd, or in any manner wilfully neglecting their duty therein, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad}, and on any of the perfons who being required to give evidence touching the premiffes, fhall refufe to be examined or give evidence, and from time to time to ifTue their warrant, to leyy fuch fine and fines off the goods and chattels of fuch perfpn and perfons fo fined, fo as that no fuch fine fhall exceed the fijin of forty lhillings upon any one perfon for any one offence.

LI. And be it further ena&ed. That- each of the faid truftees fhall have power, and he is hereby authorised to aTnuaUl^r ^ fwear fuch jury, and adminiller all oaths ntceffary fop ;he ex- oaths.

Bmining ii*to, and afeertaining the vents to be payable as

aforefaid

fine« on fh$^ riXs, &c.

Each tmftee

Digitized by L^OOQle

Said rents

The twenty-feventb Tear of George III.

tfbrefaid, or, in any way refpe&ing fuch trial and examination.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the r^nts fo to be agreed for, or affefled as aforefaid, (hall be paid fiom time to time, as the fame (hall become due out of the tolls of the gjd out of tolls, kjj by qUarttrly or half yearly payments, to the per-fon or perfons who (hall be entitled thereto, the firft payment thereof to begin, and be made at the end of three or fix ca-iendar months next after fuch ground (hall be taken, and be poflefTed by the (aid truftees as aforefaid, and the perfou or perfons entitled to receive the fame (hall during the continuance of this ad, have the fameeftate andintereil in fuch rents as he, (he, or they would have had in the faid grounds, in cafe this act had never been made, and in default of payment thereof by the (aid truftees, within thirty days after the (ame (hall become due, and (hall have been demanded of the treafurer of the (aid commifiioners, it (hall and may be lawful for the per-fon or perfons, who (hall fsom time to time be entitled to the laid rents, or any of them, to commence or profecute one or more actions at law on the cafe, or in debt, againft fuch trea« hirer, on account of fuch rent, and (hall >md may upon fuch action or actions recover the money then due, together wiih his, her, or their full cofts of fuit, and have fuch remedies for the (ame, as are allowed by law in other cafes, which faid money and cofts fo recovered, when paid, may be allowed to fucb treafurer in his account, with the (aid refpc&ive truftees, and if any of the faid rents (hall at any time be in' arrear and unpaid, for the fpace of three months after die fame ought to be paid, a court of equity upon application in manner herein after mentioned, (hall appoint a receiver to receive fo much of the tolls as (hall be lufficient to pay the fame, together with fuch fees or falary as (hall be appointed by the court for fuch receiver, as alfo the neceflary coils out of pod^ of fucti application.

LI1I. And be it ena&e'd,That fuch order flOTte made upon petition and affidavit, after reasonable time given to (hew caufe.

LIV. And be it further enabled. That fo foon as an afleftment (hall be made as aforefaid, by any fuch jury, it (ball be lawful for the faid truftees, their infpe&or, and any perfon or perions by them, or any three or more of them employed, to take poffeffion of the ground fo afilfled, and the fheriff is hereby required, upon demand, to give them the pofleffion thereof.

LV. And be it further ena&ed, That this a & (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by’ all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpedaHy pleading the fame.

CHAP.

When the order it to be

Poffeffion to betaken of ground affeffed

This i pub-lick a&.

igiti^ed by CjOO^Ic



The twenty-/event h Tear of George lilt

C H A P. LX.

487

A. D.

1787-

An Aft for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Dublin to Kdculhn Bridge in the Cut/iiy of I\l% dare, and to the Tweuij-otf* Mde Stone iVtjktiard oj the faid Bridge.

WHEREAS an aft of Parliament paflVd jn the Q *">«>*<**» third year of the reign of his late Majcjly Ring j c- V0,1'. George the fepond, entitled, An aft for repairing the road 29 37 G 3 c* leading from the city of Dublin^ to Kilcullen-bridge in the county 55*

Kildare; and another aft paffed in the fcventji year pf the o 2 c 18. laid reign, entitled, An aft for making more ejfc&ual an * aft paffed in the third year of the reign of his Jdafjly King 7 <4 * c-George the fecond9 entitled, An Aft for repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to Kilcuilen-bridge in the county of Kddare, and for repairing the road leading from Kilculku bridge to the town oj Kikullcn in the faid county ; and whereas another aft	^ c '%*

paffed in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty *	‘	*

JCing George the third, entitled. An aft for altering, amending , and making more ejfiftv.al the laws for the repair of the road leading from the city of DubFin, through the towns of Kikullcn and Carlow to the fity of Kilkenny: and whereas it is found by experience, that the tolls made payable by the faid afts of parliament are not fufpeient for payment of the intereft of the debts contrafted under authority of the faid afts for making the faid road, and alfo to keep the fame in fufficient repair, and it « found expedient to repeal the faid two 6rft mention-cd afts, and fo much of the faid lafl mentioned act, as relates to the road from the pity of Dublin to the faid town of Kilcullen, and to make one new aft concerning the fame road: be it therefore enacted by tlje King's moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent oF the lords fp:* ritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament The two firft aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid	01	^

two firft recited afts, and all and every clauf? and claufes ip the faid lad recited act, relating to the faid road leading from the city of Dublin to the faid town of Kilcuften, be from the firft day of May, in the year onethoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven repealed,

II. And be it further en^fted by the authority aforefaid, Names That the perfons herein named, being the prefent truftees of VTuftee* the faid road, to wit, his grace Robert archbifhop of Dublin,

Ills grace Jolcph Deane archbifhop of Tu£Z*b his grace William

* #

Digitized by

Google



The b«ard to eled a truilee.

The twentyfevenlh Tear of George JIL

am Robert duke of Leinfter, the right honourable Charles earl of Drogheda, right honourable Richard earl of Morn-ington, right honourable Jofeph earl of Miltown, right honourable John earl of Miyo, right honourable lord Charles Fitzgerald, right honourable Jofhua lord vifeount Allen, the honourable John lord Naas, right reverend Charles lord bifhop of Kildare, right honourable Arthur lord Harbcrton, right honourable John Ponfonby, honourable Ponfonby Moore, right honourable Thomas Conolly, right honourable Theo-philus Jones, right honourable Luke Gardiner, right honourable William Brabaion Ponfonby, fir Fitzgerald Aylmer, baronet, fir Kildare Dixon Burrowcs, baronet, hr Michael Cro-mie, baronet, fir Roger Palmer, baronet, William Rofe, gentleman, Simon Digby, efquire, Henry Boyle Carter, efquite. Reverend Henry Tilfon, Benjamin Fifh, efquiie, reverend William Donnellan, Edward Medlicott, efquire, reverend Cadogan Keating, Grjohn Coghill, baronet, Robert Leigh, efquire, Richard Nevill, efquire, James Dexter, efquire, William Burton, efquire, Laurence Steel, efquire, William Sherlock, efquire, John Finlay, efquire, Theobald Wolfe, efquire, John Wolfe, efquire, Robert Graydon, efquire, William Finlay, efquire, Thomas Burgh of Oldtown, efquire, Thomas Burgh of Bert, efquire, lieutenant colonel Hugh Cane, George Tyrrell, efquire, reverend Simon Digby, James Spencer, efquire, reverend Mannadi.ke Cramer, Chriftophcr Parker, efquire, Thomas Carter, efquire, Arthur Wolfe, efquire, Charles Kennedy, efquire, Maurice Peppard Warren, efquire, James Ormsby, efquire, Henry Arabin, efquire, John Dexter, efquire, Richard Cooke, efquire, Edward Heu-drek, efquire, John Montgomery, efquire, John Haynes, ef-quire, Thomas Ellard, efquire, Richard Booky, efquire, Arthur Burdett, efquiie, reverend Robert Greene, John La-touche, efquire, William Wolfe, efquire, Samuel Mills, efquire, and Michael Aylmer of Grange, efquire, by, and they are hereby conflitutcd trustees of the faid road, beginning at the well fide of the Circular rood near Kilmainham in the county of Dublin, and ending at the twenty one mile done near the faid town of Kilcullcn, and the faid truflees fhall have capacity to fue and be fried, by the name of the board of truf-tees of the road from Dublin to Kilcullen, and alfo to make bye-laws and rules for the regulation and government of them-felves and their fervants, not being contrary to this a£l, or the laws of the land, to all intents and purpofes as if they were a corporation duly conflitutcd.

III. And be it further ena£ed by the authority aforeiaid, Tint the faid board fhall confifl of the faid truflees herein named, or fo many of them as fhall remain truflees, until their number fhall be reduced to thirty-one, and from thenceforth



0

7he twenty-firoentb Tear of George OT.

forth (hall confift of thirty-one traders, and no more, and thnt as often as a vacancy (hall happen In the (aid board, after their number (hall have been reduced to thirty-one by death, refignation, or removal, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid truflees, or any feven of them, at their next meet ing, to eleft a perfon qualified as hereiu after mentioned, to be a truftee to fill fuch vacancy, previous notice in writing of fuch vacancy, figned by the clerk of the board, being left at the ufual places of abode of the feveral remaining truf-

4*9

A. D.

1787. Chap. 60.

tees

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Qualification That no perfon (hall be capable of being clefted a trader, nor ofatroltec. (hall any perfon named by this aft continue a tnidee who

(ball not be an inhabitant either in the county of Kildare or county of Dublin, and who fliall not have a freehold cHate in Mie of the faid counties of tlieclear yearly value ofthreehundred pounds, and that if any perfon fo clefted or named (ball ceafe to refide within one of the (aid counties, or to have fuch freehold, he (hall ccafc to be a trudee, and another perfon (hall be chofen in his room, if on his fo ceafing there (hall not be thirty-one truftees then remaining.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforelaid. Time of That the faid truftees (hall affemble at twelve o’clock at noon, meeting, dec. on the firft day of May next after the paffing of this a ft at

the parliament houfe, in the city of Dublin, and (hall and do in every year after, during the continuance of this aft, affemble in the town of Naas, at the hour of twelve o’clock at noon, on every firft day of May, not being a Sunday, and being a Sunday on the fecond day of May, and (hall, and do at fuch firft meeting cleft by ballot, out of the (aid truftees, five perfons to be directors for the fuptrintending and managing the faid road, and for tranfafting ail bufinefs relative to the fame, and the faid truftees (hall at fuch meeting and meetings fo to be held, appoint a treafurer at a yearly (alary not exceeding thirty pounds, and it (hall be lawful for the frhryof faid truftees to remove fuch treafurer, and to eleft ano- treafurer JoL ther in his room, and fo from time to time, as often as they ^cc*

(ball fee occafion, and the fail truftees (hall take from every perfon fo appointed treafurer, before he ihall- be capable of acting in the office, fecurity by judgment or recognizance in a fum not lefs than one thoufand pounds, for his faithfuldif-charge of the faid office, and for his duly accounting for, and paying all money which he (hall receive as treafurer, and for depofiring of the fame from time to time irt fuch bank, as any three or more of the (aid direftors c.:Te moled together (hall from time to time direft, and fuch ticafurer (hall keep fuch books of account, and in fuch manner as the (aid direftors

¥

Digitized by



The tmenty-fiveutb Te a George III.

A. D.

1787. Chap. 60.

Seven truftee* to conftitute a meeting.

Adjourn-

Calling a meeting.

Direflor* to grve an account their con-da£, &£.

ethers de&ed.

rectors, or any three of them, (hall from time to time raider their hands direct,

VI.	And be it ena&ed, That feven truftees (hall be necef-(ary to conftitute a meeting of the faid truftees, aud that the ad of the majority of fevea (hall be the a& of, and be binding upon the /aid truftees.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore, faid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and fur the (aid truftees to adjourn fitch meeting and meetings fo to be held by them from time to time and from place to place, within either of the faid counties of Dublin or Kildare, contiguous to the faid road, and if it (hall happen that a fufficient number of truftees to conftitute a board (hall not be prefent at any fuch meeting, that then and in every fuch* cafe the tmf-tees then prefent, or if no truftee (hall be prefent, then the treafurer (hall adjoi^n fuch meeting to the day feven-night from the day of luch meeting, to the fame place at which fuch meeting (hall be fo adjourned, and notice of fuch adjournment (hall be ferved in writing by the clerk of the truftees at the place of refidence of every of the faid truftees,

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* (aid, That it (hall be lawful to and for any (even of the (aid truftees, by writing under their hands, at any time, to call a meeting of the (aid truftees, to*be held cither in the town of Naas, or in forae convenient place in the city of Dublin, fuch notice, fpecifying the caufe of fo afiembling the truftees, and being (erved at the place of refidence of every truftee, feven days previous to the time appointed for fuch jneeting,

JX* And bg it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That jt (hall be lawful for the faid truftees, at any meeting to be held by them purfuant to this a6l, to call on the (aiq dire&ors to give an account of their condu& and proceedings, and upon the treafurer as to pafs his accounts, and that it (hall be la>vful to and for fuch truftees at fuch meeting or meetings to remove fuch dire&or or dirc&ors, or treafurer, from his or their office, as a diretlor or directors, if it (hall appear that he or they (hall have afted improperly as a director or directors, or treafurer, and that then the faid trustees (hall forthwith proceed in manner aforefaid, to elect ano* ther director or directors, or treafurer, in the (lead or room of fuch director or directors, or treafurer fo removed, and alfo to elect a director or treafurer upon the happening of any vacancy in any of thofe offices, by death or refignation*

X. And be it further ena&eft by the authority aforelaid, That every truftee herein before named, arid every truftee hereafter to be elected, (hall before he (hall a& as a truftee *	(except

The twntyfeventh Tear of George III.

(except as to adminiftering oaths to each other) take an oath

in the words following.

1 A. B. do/wear, that I have in my adnalpojfflhn a place of rejidence, in the cm itj of K llare, or of Dublin, and that I aw fixed of a freehold eft ate of the char yearly value of three hundred pounds in one or both of thefaid counties,and that I will execute the duty of a trssftce of the road leading from Dublin to Kilcullen, according to the heft ofmy jkill and judgment, without favour or ajftQion, prejudice or malice.

So help me GOD.

Trnftcc’soaifc,

Which oath (hall be fubferibed by every truilee taking the fame, in a book to be kept for that purpofe, and fhall be administered by any two or more of the (aid truftees, at a meeting of the fa id tru flees duly afTembled, and in cafe any truftee (hall refufe to take fuch oath, he (hall be no longer confidered as a truftee, and another (hall be chofen m his room.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority sforefakl. That every director who (hall be elected purfuant to this act, (hall before he (hall act, take, and fubferibe an oath in the words following;

I A. B. do /wear, that I will well and truly difebatge the r)ire&or*» duty of a director of the road lead mg from Dublin to Kilcu.lrn, oath. according to the beft cf my Jkill, without favour er malice, and that I will account faithfully with the truftees of the faid road for all men.y received by me as a director, aid that I will as fr as in me lies, endeavour to appoint competent an I f r r comm:Jftmirs of the faid road, to ad undir the d.rdl-rs of the faid r. ad.

Which oath any two or more of the (kid tru flees are hereby empowered to admiui(ter«t a meeting of the laid truftees duly a trembled.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the authority sforefakl.

That the faid directors, or any three of them, (hall as footi CommtlTou* as they conveniently can, after they (hall be elected and fwom CTS cho^cn* as aforefaid, meet at fome place convenient to the faid road, and (hall have power from time to time to choofe three proper perfons to be commiflioners of the faid road, and to appoint falaries for fuch com million era, not exceeding one gui- at x Sea for every week m which the faid commiilioners (hall hold per week, a meeting, to be paid to every commiffioner who (hall attend the fame; and provided the whole falary to be paid to any one commiffioner, (hall not be more in the whole than fifty-two guineas in the year, and that the number of attendances



Digitized by Google

49*

Tit twenty-/event h Tcar^of George III.

A* IX	of the faid commiflioners chcren purfnant to this act, (hall he

1787,	afceifamt'd by the oath of fuch attending conrmiffioner to be

Chap. 60.	taken before any one of tlie faid directors, which oath the

X.----------- bid dir ectors, or any one of them, are and is hereby ernpowr-

Dinpflors iray	ar<J antf directed to ndminiller; and that any three or more*

~ of the £ud directors afTemhh d together, (h; 11 have power from - time to time to remove any commfiiontr at the free will and p!ejfure of fuch direftors, and to appoint other cominiflioner or commiflionets in the Head offish cornmiTuoner fo remov-

t dfrifiom of the rad.

the tell to be token.

. a*

cd and in cafe of death or refignati in, to appoint other com-mffficner or ccrrrniflioners in the Head of fuch commillioncf or cotnraiflioiver* lb dying or rdigning,

XIII.	Ami be it further ens&ed by the authority afore-(kid, Tb3t any three or more of the faid directors (hall have full power to divide the faid road into two divifions, and to cfisblifb or ere& one or more pay-gate or pay-gates upon and acrobany part or parts of the faid road, and (hall have power to build, hire, or rent a toll houfe convenient to every fuch gate, and to demand and take in each of the faid two dirifi. ons, by fuch perfon or perfons, as any three or more of them (hall authorize thereto, the following tolls at every fuch gate before any bead or carriage herein after mentioned fhall be permitted to pafs through the fame, that is to fay, for every coacb, landau, chariot, chaife, phaeton, cabriolet or chair, if drawn by fix horfes or other beads, or by more than fix, the fnm of one (hilliag and eight pence, if drawn by four or five bodes, or other beads, the fum of one (hilling, if drawn by two or three horfes or other beads, the fum of fix pence, and if drawn by one borfe, or other beall only, the fum of three pence; for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, timler, or other carriage not herein before charged, if the (beaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof (hall be fet on with countcrfimk flat-headed nails, bolts, or ferews, and (hall be (bar incites or more in breadth, the fum of one penny, for every borfe or beall drawing the fame,; and if the ilreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof (hall be fet on in like manner, and (hall he Jefs than four inches, but not Icfs than three inches in breadth, the fum of three halfpence for every horfe, or other bead drawing the fame, and if the flreaks or (hoeing of the wheeb thereof (hall be fet on in like manner, and (hall be lefs than three inches in breadth, the fum of two pence for every horfe, or other beall drawing the fame; and if any of the (beaks or fhoeing of any of the wheels of any fuch carnage (hall he fet on with high or fprig-headed nails, bolts, or ferews, or with any nails, bolts, or ferews not being counterfunk and flat-headed, the fum of three pence for every horfe, or other bead drawing the fame; for every horfe, mare, gelding, ais, or mule, laden or unladen, the fum of one penny; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the fum of one

(hillifig

/

The twenty-feveuth Tear of George III.

Hulling and eight pence by tbe fcore, and fo In proportion for any greater or lefTer number; for every drove of calves, flieep, goats, lambs, or pigs, the fum of ten pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs number.

XIV.	Provided always, That it mall and may be lawful to «md for any three or more of the faid directors, during the term of nine years, to be computed from the hrll day of May,

*«ne thoufand feven hundred and eighty feven, from time to time, at their diferetion, to encreafe the refpeftive tolls hereby made payable at any pay-gate in each divifion to any fum or fums of money, fo as the encreafed tolls fliall not nefpec-tively exceed in each divifion one half of the refpeftivc tolls herein mentioned and maeje payable, and from and after the expiration of the faid term of nine years the feveral and ref-peftive tolls herein mentioned and made payable (hall be the fame, and no more than what are refpedtively herein mentioned and referved.

XV.	Provided always. That for every car, the wheels -whereof fliall be put ou fo as to turn round the axle-tree, and the axle-tree of which fliall be fixed fo as not to turn round with the wheels, however narrow fuch wheels may lie, the fum of one penny only in each divifion fliall be demanded or taken at any fuch gate, for every horfe, or other beaft -drawing the fame, if the ftreaks or fhoeing of fuch wheels be fet on with counterfunk flat-headed nails, bolts or ferewa.

XVI.	Provided alfo, That the owner or driver of a nr waggon, waip, cart, or carriage with four wheels, the breadth thereof not being lefs than fix inches at the foal or hot >m thereof, and tbe flreaks fet on with flat-headed nails, and t'v! fore axle thereof being fo much longer or fhorter than the hind axle, that the wheels of fuch carriage (lull roll at leall ten inches of the road in breadth on each fid-* of fuch carnage, and the wheels being placed at fuch a diflance from each other, that tbe fpace between the middle of the one track imde by the wheels of fuch carriage on the road, and the mddlc of the other track fliall not exceed fix feet, fliall not be obli-gtc\ in any cafe to pay more than two pence toll for any fuch wayyon, wain, cart, or carriage, at any pay-gate of the faid road

XVII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby decl ared, That no perf m or perfons fliall be charged with any of the tolls or cud >mS a fo ref lid, who fhall pafs through any of the pay-^rates to be elbiblbhed and erefted by this aft, for any bend or carriage that fliall carry any quantities of itoncs, gravel, or other materials for repairing of the faid road, 6\ any of the roads in the pari flies in which the fame doth lie, nor fliall any per Con or perfons be chargeable with the faid tolls or duties for any carts, cars, waggons, or other carriages loaded

with

The toll* may he enmafed u herein.

Toll for cars, with wheel* as heiciu.

Toll for mj.

votr , 5ic wi;h wheels as hvrein.

Matter* exempted f om toll.

Digitized by

*

Google

494	Tbetmxwijjeointb	tur	of	Qcorgc	III.

with corn, in ftraw only* nor for any ploughs, harrows, at other implements of husbandry, in order to the ufing or repairing of the fame in the fcrural parifhes in which the faid road hereby intended to be repaired doth lie, nor (hall any toll or duty be demanded or taken at any of the p?y-gatesto be eftablifhed and ended by this ad for any horfe, mare, gelding, ais, mule, or other bead going to water only, or to a fmith's forge to be (hod, or for any poll horfe or carriage carrying or drawing the poll-office mail, nor (hall any tollorduty be demanded or taken for the horfes, or other cattle of fuldi-ers paffiog that are upon their march, or for waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages attending them, or for hones or other beads, waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages travelling with vagrants fent by pafles, or with priloners tranfmhted from one part of the kingdom to another, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

XVTIL And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That it (hall be lawful for any three or more of the (aid diredors to ered a pay-gate or pay-gates on the fide of the faid road, acrois any lane or way leading out of the faid road, and to build, hire, or rent a toU-hoofe for eveiy fuch gate', a ad there to demand and receive fuch tolls as are appointed by this act to be taken at any gate upon the faid road, and that every fuch gate (hall be deemed a pay-gate, within the intent and meaning of this ad* kmmArA.	Provided	always. That no gate (hall be erected

wtD	acrofs	any	road	or lane leading into the faid toad, or acrois

the faid road, fo as to intercept the communication between any two roads repaired by prufentment, where the faid roads (hall lead into the (aid turnpike road oppofite to, or within forty perches of each other.

Tolhtot once XX. And be it Further enaded. That no perfon ihall be In a day.	liable	to	pay	any of the (aid tolls more than once in the fame

day, with the fame cattle and carriage iu the fame divifion, but that every perfon having paid fcich toll once in any one dhificn, may during the remainder of the fame day (every fuch day to be computed from twelve o’clock at night till twelve o’clock the fucceediug night) pafs and itpafs, toll free, through every pay-gate in fiich divifion of the fajd road, with the fame cattle and carriage for which fuch toll (hall have been paid, on producing a ticket denoting the payment of fuch toll, and containing fuch other matters as are herein required, refpeding the fame, which ticket every colleftor is xeqoired to give gratis, oo receiving the toll, upon pain of forfeiting five (hillings for every omtffion or-refufal, upon conviction, before any jnff ice of the peace of the county in which the offence (hall be committed, or before any of the (aid di-tredors, every of whom are hereby authorized to examine into the fame, and admraffter oaths for that purpofe.

4	XXL And

*

Ply gates to

he created.

Where rates

Tli twintj+fiventti Ytar of George 1IL	499

XXI. And be it farther ena&ed by the authority afore* laid, That if any perfon (hall refufe to pay the toll payable by him or her in ^irtue of this a&, it (hall be lawful for the colle&or thereof, or perfon a&ing as fuch, to levy the fame, by di(lref9 of the horfe or horfes, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, upon which the toll is by this ad impofed, x>r upon the goods or chattels of the perfon or perfons who ought to pay the fame, and fuch horfe or hortes, or other 'bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels may be detained until fuch toll (hall be paid, with the reasonable charges of fuch didrefs, and if the fame (hall not be paid within four days, it (hall be lawful for the colle&or of perfon a&ing as fuch, to fell the fame, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner on demand, after payment of the (aid toll, and the full expences of the faid chftrefs and fale.

XXI I. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall forcibly or wilfully Penalty cm go or pafs with any horfe, bead or carriage through any pay- (Tmk^ 00L gate on the (aid road, without paying the toll by the a& re- ic&ors quired, or producing a proper ticket as aforefaid at fuch pay-gate, or (hall knowingly or defigncdly aflault or obdru& any of the colle&ors or perfons employed in colle&ing or receive ing any of the faid tolls, or any otherwife, in the execution of his or their employment, of receiver or collector, or (hall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or (hall deliver to, or receive from any other perfon or perfons any note or ticket, with an intent to avoid the payment of any of the faid tolls, or any part thereof, every perron Co offending, being convi&ed thereof, by the oath of one credible witnefs, before any judice of the peace, for every fuch offence (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten (hillings, and it (hall be lawful for every collector or perfon acting as fuch, and all other perfons by him required to aflid in that refpeAfeto feize any horfe or horfes, or Other bead or beads, aPlige or carriages, with all goods thereon, and the driver or drivers, attendant or attendants thereof, and to bring them before any judice of the peace, who is hereby dire&ed to enquire into fuch offence; and if Upon conviction before fuch judice, upon the oath of any one credible witnefs, the party or parties complained of, (hall not pay fuch penalty, together with the tolls that (hall be due, it lhall be lawful for fuch judice, and he is hereby required by warrant, under his hand and feal, to caufe the horfe or horfes, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods fo di drained, to be fold for payment of fuch tolls and penalties, and the charges of feizing and keeping the fame, and of fuch fale rendering the overplus (if any) upon demand to the owner or owners of the fame, or to the perfon or perfons un-

Toll levied bf diftrds,

Digitized by

Google

49«

The twaty-fmeath Tear of George III.

Tickets.

i

Can, K c. fl ipp* cl ti I Wjucl- arc mcahucil, f<«.

Penalty on

ewucis. 5<c. cl landajcr-xmtt.ng jtrlon* t<» p its through I he laircto avoid paying toil.

dcr whofc care, or in whofe poffefiion the fame refpeftrvefy was or were when (o feized as aforefaid, or if no fnfficient didrrfs (hall have been feized, to commit fuch owner or owners, or other perfon or perfons to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until fuch fine and penalties, tolls, and charges be paid

XXIII.	And be it further cnafted by the authority* aforefaid. That every ticket to be given as aforefaid by any collector for any carriage Which is fnbjecf to different tolls, in refpe6l to the different breadths or (hoeings of the wheels, (hall truly fpccify the fom received, the number of horfes or other beads drawing the fame carriage, and the breadth of the wheels, that is to fay, whether more than four inches or lefs, whether under four, and r.ot lefs than three inches, or whether lefs than three inches, and alfo whether dat-fhod or (hod with high or fprig*headed naibj bobs, or ferews; and if any ticket fhall not fpecify all the faid matters truly, the collet! or of the toll at the gate where fuch ticket (hall have been given, (hall forfeit the funi of ten (hillings for every fuch offence upen conviction by oath of one credible witnefis before any juflice of the pence, or one of the direftors aforefaid, and in cafe of net paying the fame immediately, (hall be committed by w arrant under the hand and foal of fuch judice, to the common gaol or houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpaceof one month, or until fuch fine (hall be paid.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-

fad, That every colleCIor or other peifon adting as fuch, (hall have power to detain at any pay-gate,- tvery car, cart, or ether carriage whereon thctoll is payable, according to the breadth of the (Ireaks or (hoeing of the wheels, and to meal tire the fame, and if any driver or other perfon (hall hinder or refufeto permit fuel) olle&or, or fuch other perfen tomeafurc the wheels of any fu< hd^or carriage, and fr.alile convicted thereof upon the oatli	one	credible	wiittcf*

before any judice of the peace, every fuch perfon fo c-fTc d-iug (hall forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, to be levied hvdif-tu fs and laic of the (aid car or other carriage, and the bode or horfes, cr other beads drawing tie fame, and the goeds thereon, by warrant under the hard and leal of fuch juf-tice, rendering the overplus, (if any) after deducting the hie! fine, and the expencesof filth diilrtfs and fale to the owner on demand.

X < V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons, owning, renting, or occupying any land near unto any pay-gate eilabliflud or erected, cr to be erected in pur fu a nee of this act, fhall for gain, reward, or otherwife, knowingly or willingly permit

any

The twenty froenib Tear of George III.

497

any perfon or perfona whatfoever to pafs through any A. D. gate, pafiage, or way with any horfe, bead, cattle, or cer- 1787. .riage liable to toll on paffing through any gate on the Chap. 60. faid road, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed O'— to be paid, and be thereof convicted upon the oath of any one credible witnefs before any juilice of the peace, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings for every fuch offence, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of fuch offenders goods by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice, ren-dering the overplus, (if any,) to the owner, the charges in taking and difpofing of fuch diftrefs being fir ft. deducted thereon.

XXVI.	And whereas the truftees appointed to carry	^01

into execution the faid recited former ads of Parliament,	9000*

have been obliged to borrow feveral fums of money, amount-

ing together to the fum of nine thoufand pounds for the purposes direded by the faid ads, for fecuring whereof de-* bentures have been itfued, and there is fome arrear of in-terefl now due on the faid debentures, and the feme’truf-tecs have been obliged to borrow from fundry perfons, fe-vej-al other fums of money to the amount of about five hundred pounds, occafioned by the infolvency of the late treafurer, which debt ftill remains due: be it therefore en-aded by the authority aforefaid, That all and every fecu-rity and fecurities heretofore paffed, and made for fecuring the faid feveral debts due, and fecured on the credit of the laid former ads, (hall remain a charge upon the tolls of the faid road, and the intereft due, and to be due on the faid debentures, (hall be paid out of the faid tolls in preference of every other charge or occafion.

XXVII.	And whereas the tolls to be colleded by virtue of this ad, will not at prefent be fufficient for the payment of the arrear of intereft due on the debentures ifiued on the credit of the faid former ads, and for the payment of the other fums of money borrowed on the credit of the laid former ads, and alfo for the proper and immediate repairing and widening of the faid road, and other neceffary expences attending the fame : be it therefore further enaded by the divots to authority aforefaid, That any three or more of the faid borrow 3000!. diredors (hall and may, and are hereby empowered, from

time to time, as occafion (hall require, to raife and borrow fuch fum and fums of money, not exceeding in the whole jjie fum of three thoufand pounds iterling, as they (hall judge neceffary towards difeharging the faid arrear of intereft, and other debts due on the credit of the faid former ads, and towards defraying the immediate expences to be incurred by virtue of this ad, and that for all fuch fums fo to be borrowed, bills intitling the bearers to the amount

Vol. VIII,

I i

of

Application of the tolls.

Application of laid pool.

The twentyjeventh Tear of George III.

of the fums therein fpecified, and declaring fuch amount to be payable on the firft day of May, and firft day of November, which (hall next happen, after the end of three years from the refpe&ive dates of fuch bills, (hall be iffued and figned by the treafurer for the time being, and (igned hy, and fealed with the feals of three or more of the faid directors, and that fuch bflls (hall bear fuch intereft from the date thereof, as (hall be agreed upon between the (aid directors and the lender or lenders, not exceeding the rate of fix pounds by the hundred by the year, and that for fuch film fo to be borrowed by the faid diredors as aforefaid, there (hall be paid by the treafurer for the time being, by and with the order and diredion of three or more of the faid dire&ors, every firft day of May and every fifft day of November after the refpedive dates of fuch bills, to the holders thereof, fuch intereft as (hall be fo agreed upon, in full to the faid days fo appointed for the payment of fuch mtereft, without any fee or charge whatfoever, and free Trom all dedudions, defalcations, and abatements, until the principal fums therein mentioned be refpedively paid at one payment; and that all fuch bills as (hall be fo iffued and figned (hall be numbered in arithmetical progreffion, beginning with number one, until the whole thereof (hall be numbered *r provided that no fuch bill (hall be iffued for lefs than fifty pounds, or for more than one hundred

And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the tofts of the faid road impofed by this ad, (hall be in the firft place laid out in paying the intereft of the faid former debentures, and then in difchaigeof the intereft upon the faid new bills, until the fame be payable, and then in paying the principal of (uch bills, and the re-fidue of fuch tolls, or fo much thereof as (hall be neceflary in repairing and widening the (aid road, and rendering the fartie more Convenient to travellers, and in the payment of the neceffary officers, and in defraying the other exDenccs attending the faid road, and if any redundancy (haft he after fatisfying the purpofes aforefaid, then in difeharge of the faid debentures.

XXIX. And be it further enabled by the authority afforefaid. That the faid money, not exceeding three thou-fand pounds, fo to be borrowed as aforefaid, (hall be applied towards the payment of the arrear of intereft due on the debentures heretofore iffued on the credit of the fai# fofmer ads, and towards payment of the other fums of money borrovred on the credit of the faid former ads, and in making compenfation or fatisfadion to the owners or occupiers of contiguous grounds, for damages or Ioffes to be by them fuftained by virtue of this ad, and that the refi-f	,	due

pounds.

XXVII

Digitized by Google

The twenty-feventh Ytarof George III.	499

due of fuch money (if any) (hall be applied and difpofed of A. J>. in the immediate repair of the faid road.	<	>	787-

X XX. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Chap. 60. faid, Tkat the treafurer for the time being, by and with the order and direction of three or more of the faid direc* Treafurer to tors, fhall, when and as the principal fums for which Alch difchar£e fums bills fo to be figned and iflued as aforefaid fhall become due a9 and pa'yrble, then immediately difeharge the fame, with all intereft due thereon, on demand made thereof, in preference to any other claim or demand whatfoever on the faid dire&ors or the treafurera by virtue of any warrant or order of the faid diredlors, or otherwise howfoever, fave the intereft of the faid old debentures, and that the ho]der of fuch bill or bills fhall, upon payment thereof as aforefaid, deliver up his or their feveral and rcfpe&ive bills to the faid treafurer to be cancelled, which he is hereby required to cancel accordingly, and the intereft of fuch bills refpeftively fhall ceafe from the day whereon the principal fums therein fhall refpe&ively be made payable, unlefs the faid treafurer • fhall on demand thereof made on that day, refufe or decline paying fuch principal fum, with the intereft then due thereon ; but in cafe of fuch demand and refufal, or declining on that day fuch bill or bills fo demanded, fhall bear intereft at tlfc rate therein expreflfed until paid, and the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or commrffipners of the great feal, may, upon a petition, and hearing the parties in a fummary way, make fuch order for fequeftering the tdlls for the payment of the creditors, as to juftice fhall pertain.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority NofumstbM aforefaid, 'fhat the treafurer appointed by virtue of this dilburfcd with-a£l, fhall not pay or difburfe any fum or fums of money, °u(fir*^^|dcr °* for the purpofes m this a6L mentioned, unlefs by virtue of * c an order or orders, in writing, figned by three or more of the faid directors directed to him for that purpofe, and that fuch order and orders fhall be full and" (ufficient voucher and vouchers for his paying any fuch fum or fums of money.

XXXI I. And be it further ena&cd by the authority afore- Colk3|i* faid, That it fhall be lawful for three or more of the faid heapp°lm&l> dire&ors from time to time to appoint as many colleftors as fhall be neceffary for receiving the tolls at the pay*gatcs eftab- ' lifted and directed" by virtue of this a&, at fuch fabrics or wages as fhall be approved of by three pr more of the faid dirc&ors, not exceeding the rate of twenty pounds by the year for every colledtor, apd from time to time to remove arty colle&or or Colle&ors at will and pleafure of fuch di-« re&org, and to appoint Other colle&or or collectors in the

I i a	dead

o

500

Tolls maybe leafed br farmed.

The twenty feventh Tear of George III.

Head of fuch colledtor or collcdlors fo removed, and every fuch colkdlor (hall pay the monies by him coQedfced or received to the treafurer once at lead in every month, and a% much ofteuer as he (hall be thereunto required by any one Or more of the faid directors, and (hall alfo upon oath,, if thereunto required by any one or more of the laid directors (which oath any one or more of the laid dire&ors is, and are hereby empowered to adminifter) grve in from time to time to the faid directors a true, exact, and full account in writing of all monies by him collected or received by virtue of this act, or by reafon of his faid employment, and if any fuch collector (hall refufe or omit fo to do, and (hall be thereof convidted upon the oath of any one credible witnek before any jut!ice of the peace, it (hall be lawful for fuch jriftice to commit fuch collector to gaol, there to remain without bail or main-prize, until he (hall give in fuch account upon oath, and pay all fuch monies* as lie (hall have received by virtue of this a61.

XXXIII.	Provided ala ays, and be it further enadied by the authority aforefald* That any three or more of the faid dire&ors, if they (hall think fit, and they are hereby empowered, on fourteen days notice being given in the Dublin Gazette, or any two Dublin newfpapers for that pur-pofe, to leafe or farm by the year, for any time not exceeding three years, nor lefs than one year, the tolls, or any part thereof by this adl payable, to any perfon or per-fons at* or for the larged yearly fum that can be got for the fame ; provided fuch tolls (hall be let by pubb'ek cant, 'tuld that the agreement be put in writing, and figned and fealed by the patty taking the fame, and that the money be made payable monthly, and that fufiicient fecurity, to be approved by three of the faid dire&ors, be given for the regular payment thereof, and that one months rent be paid in advance

XXXIV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That every petfon appointed to receive the toll

foalukZ will at any P^y-g3^ on the faid ro,ad« by a"y Perfon or perfon*

* • *	taking	the	fame by leafe, (hall have all and fingular the like

powers and authorities, and be fubjedt to and under all and lingular tlic like regulations, penalties, and reftrictions, as any collector appointed by the faid diredlors, can or (hall have, or be fubject to, by virtue of this act, except as to paying the tolls collected to the treafurer, and accounting for the fame.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore faid, That if any colledlor or toll-gatherer, whether appointed by the faid diredtors, or by any perfon taking any of the faid tolls by leafe or contract, or any perfon acting as

fuch,

Powers fo

colle&orp appointed by per*

by leafe.

CollcAorn, fee. ncgle&ing iorfeit 415,

a*

Digitized by Google

The twenty-feventh Tear of George III.	5^1

•

fuch, (hall permit any carriage, horfe or bead, to paf3 A. D. through auy pay-gate without payment of the toll, payable 17%,. for the fame by virtue of this .aft, or a proper certificate as Chap. 60. jafore direfted being produced therewith, and (hall oipit to feize fuch carriage or bead, or Thall delay to proceed to have the penalties levied as the law directs for fuch .offence^ every perfon fo offending, fhall upon conviction thereof before any one juftice of the peace, forfeit the fum of forty Shillings $ aud on non payment thereof, fhall be committed by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice to the common gadl, or houfe of correction, there to .remain without bail for any time not exceeding fix months, or until thp fold fine be paid. .

XXXVI.	Ar\d be it further enafted by the authority Expenditures aforefaid, That the expenditure of all money direfted to be accounted fbf laid out for the purpofes of this aft, fhall be accounted for on oa^,«

•\ipon oath before the faid direftors, or any three of them,

-which oath any of the faid direftors is hereby empowered to fidminifter, fpecifying the particular manner in which every part of it (hall have been expended, and fuch account fhaQ •be laid before the faid ^ruftees, .with copies of all orders of expenditure made by the faid direftors once at leaft in every three months, and as mudh oftn^T asany fevenjor more of .the faid truftees Audi require.

XXXVJi. And be it further enafted by foe authority Perfon* not aforefaid. That if any .perfon to whom the expenditure of accounting far* any of the faid money fhall be entrufted, fhall not jaccount J^donbletb^ for the fame in manner aforefaid, within one month after .he fhall be thereunto required by any one of the faid direftors, or any feven .of .the faid truftees, he fhall forfeit double the fum which he fhall be fo required to account For, to be recovered by .civil bilb a* foe fnit of the faid truftees.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every commiflioner who .fhall be chofeu and appointed by the direftors purfoant to this aft, fhall, and do before be fhall aft as a commiflioner under this aft, take *nd fubfcribe an path in foe words following, to wit,

I A. B. Jo foiemnly Jwcar, that f will honeflly and £li- Commiffiap-sently execute the office of a commiffioner of the road leading ** * oal*1* from Dublin to Kilcullen, and that I will according to the bejl of my Jkill and knowledge, execute all lawful orders given to me by the directors of the faid road, and that I will when called upon by the faid direQors, or any three of them, /account for all money which Jhall be confided to me by the faidfk-rcQors, or by me received, by virtue of this aQ,

So help me Go£

Which



^Meetings.

Cpmmiflkn-ers, &c. to dig for gravel, 6c c.

Mat ten not to be done on or near the road.

The tv)en9y-fcfpntb Tear of George TIL ^

Which oath any three of the fi*id dire dots affembkd together, are hereby empowered and required to admmiffer to fuch commiflioner.

XXXlX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authorfty afore fa id, That the laid comraiflionera, or any two of them, (hall once at lead in evgry week, or oftener, if required by the faid dire&ors, or any of them, meet on the f4id road, and (hall fee that all orders, aod works dire&cd and ordered by the faid dire&ors, be properly executed and performed, and (hall make returns and leports when required firom time to time to the faid directors, of the date, nature, and circum(lances of th? faid road, and (hall remove all nuifances, encroachments, and obftru&ions on the (aid road, and (hall fuperiptend all workmen and labourers working and labouring on the faid road, and pay them their \yages, but fubjeft to the orders of the faid dire&ors, and fuch commiflioners (hall keep three books, one containing all the proceedings of the truftees, another containing aj, the proceedings of the (aid dire&ors, and a third containing a journal of all their own proceedings, and (hall attend all meetings of the faid dire&ors and trudges, if fa re--quired 5 and if any commiflioner (hall refufe or. negle& to perform his office of commiflioner as required by this a£k, and (hall be thereof convi&ed, upon the oath of any two or more credible witneffes, before any juftice of the peace, *very fuch commiflioner (hall forfeit the funTof five pounds for every fuch offence, to be levied by diftrek and fale of fuch commiffioners goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice, rendering the overplus, if any, to fuch commiflioner.	^

XL. And be it further cna&cdby the. authority afbro-fiid, That every commiflioner, or other perfoq. appointed by any three or more of the faid truftees, to make, gravel, repair, or fuperintend the faid road, or any part of it, (ball Rave full power and authority to dig for, Tearcb, and carry &>vay any gravel, ftones, or other materials which may be Ranted for the ufe of the faid road, and to. make drains in.orddr to carry off wpter from, or prevent its injuring the

feid road, on or through the lands qL anyperfon, and that

1 (^appointed, (hall make

every, fuch commiflioner or pcrjpm ( fatisfaflion to the owners or occupiers of the land for the damage which may be don^ thereby* in like manner, and under the like regulations as is, and are enabled with refpe& to damages dqne by overfeers appointed by the prefcatmeaU of grand juries.

XLT. And be it further enaft^dby the authority afore-faid, That if any perfon (hall bufld> any houfe or part of a houic within. fifty feet of the centre of the laid road, except

to

Digitized by

Google '



«

7>5r tnventyfaxfith Year of George III.



in a corporate bt borough town, or /hall build any wall or A. D. make any ditch within thirty feet of the centre of the faicT 1787. iroad, or (hall make or have any way or paflfege from the laid Chap. 6p. road into the lands adjoining, without placing a gprter or arch underneath fuch way or paffage, as deep as the drain or ditch over which it is Ot {hall be made, fo as to allow all water whfch may at any time be therein, fufl room to pafs, or fhail burn or permit or fuf&r to be burned on his or her land, bricks or weeds, or vegetable fufjftance for afhes, within one hundred feet of the centre of the faid roacf, every fuch perfon fhail upon conviction thereof, before aey joffice of the peace, or upon the view of fuch jufficc, forfeit Abe fum of forty-{huttings, and if any perfon fhafl keep or have in his or her poflefiion any cur dog, maftiff, or bull-dog, at any houfe within fifty yarefe of the faid road, without block of wood of five pounds weight at the leaft fattened to the neek of every fuch dog, or fhail winnow or lay out for winnowing any com on the faid road, or fhaH lay any ftraw, dung, or rubbifh thereon, or fhal! ferape the fame, without the order of a dire6fcor or commifliontr, or fhail lay the fcour-ing or earth of any ditch or -drain, or any turf oh the faid road, and let it lie there for more than the fpace of twenty-four hours, or fhail leave on any part of the fame between in-eiofure and inelofurc, or permit to be left thereon*oppofite or oear to his or her home, any carriage whatsoever, or any plough or harrow, without the horfe or horfes, or other beaft or beads being ltarneffed thereto, nnkfs fuch carriage as fhail be accidentally broken down there, and cannot be removed without repair, or fhail fpread out any Irnen, blanket or winnow flieet within one hundred feet of the centre of faid road, or fhail beat or dry any fhx, or ieave any timber or other matter, or *my (tones, fand, or lime, without^ermiffion of the faid directors, or any three of them affembled together, on the faid road* except for the ufe of the faid road, or (hall leave, or permit to be left, the carcafe of any horfe or fceatt, or flan, or permit the fhrtie to be fcinned on the faid road, or within one hundred yard* of the centre thereof^ ,except 10 a hotrfe or yatd enclofed with walls, or (hall lead pr drjye any car or ^carriage with timber, boards or iron laid acrofi^ fo as that either end thereof (hall project beyond the wheels, or fhail drag any timber or mHI fames along any part of the faid	\

road, without being fupported by wheels from touching the fame, or (hall erect any fign-poft^ or may-pole, or may-biifh od any part of the fetid road; or f&mjikce or ere& any tfcrf-ftaek, every perfon fb offending, fhafl forfeit the fuiii of twenty (hillings, updn cOnii&ioh befbte any joftieexf the

peace

Digitized

d by Google

ft

*

5«4	The	twntyfeventh Tear of George III.

peace by the oath of one credible witnefs, or upon the view of fuch juflice.

XL 11. And be it further enacted by the authority afare-faid, That all turf, dung, dirt, draw, (tones, rubbifh, gra-vel, fand, or lime, which (hall be laid on the faid road, (hall be and is hereby declared to be forfeited to the (aid directors, and to be their foie property, and (hall be fold by them for the ufe of the (aid road, or otherwife difpofed of by them as they (hall think fit ; and that if any perfon not authorized by the faid directors, (hall draw away any part thereof, fuch perfon (hall be deemed to hare felonioufly ftolen the fame, and (hall be profecuted and panidied as any perfon felonioufly dealing like goods, being the private property of another.

XL1II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afone-faid, That for every car load of fcouring or earth thrown out of any drain or ditch on the faid road, which (hall have remained thereon, and which (hall be drawn away by the faid dtre&or* or commiilioners, or by their order, the owner or occupier of the faid land which fuch drain or ditch divides from the faid road, (hall forfeit the fum of one (hilling for every day the fame (hall have remained thereon, upon con* vi&ion in manner aforefaid.

Com, Ac.	XLIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore?

forfdted r0a<*	That it (hall and may be lawful for every perion whom-

foever, to take and carry away, and convert to his or her ufe, any com which (hall be laid on the (aid road for the purpofc of being winnowed, or (hall be winnowing thereon, or remain thereon after being winnowed, together with the facks wherein the fame may happen to be, and alfo all timber which (hall be left on any part of the (aid road, and (hall have remained therein for feven days, not having been brought dr kept by order of the faid directors, or for the ufe of the faid road, without the let, fuit, trouble, or hinderance of any perfon whatfoever.

Wall* built XLV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* as herein, Laid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for. any com-dswn^Icc^ roiflioner to pull down, or fill up, and level any wall, drain, •wn, c.	ditch,	or to caufe the fame to be pulled down, filled up,

or levelled, which (hall be built, or made, or begun to be built and made, after the palling of this a&, within thirty feet of the centre of the faid road, and to take up any way or paf-fage from the faid road, into any field or land adjoining, whick may obftru& the free paflage of water, and to remake the fame, by building a gutter or fewer or arch therein, at a fufficient depth, and to (cower and clear away obftru&ioos which may happen? or be made, in any brain for carrying

away

Tii'f, See. laid on the road, forfeited.

Penalty for leaving fcouring or earth on the road.



\



DKjiifz'r	e

Tht twentj-fevcntb Ttsur tf George IIL

mway water from the faid road, or for preventing its injuring the fame, and to fcour and deanfe the ditches which (hall cnclofe the faid road, and to pull down and remove any fign-poft whidi (hall be ereded contrary to this ad, firft obtaining a warrant under the hand and feal of any magi-ilrate, or any of the faid diredors for fo doing, and to levy the expence thereof, by diitrefs and fale of the goods of the offender, or of the owner or occupier of the land wherein fuch way,' paffage, or drain fhall be, rendering the overplus, (if any) on demand.

XEVI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for the grand jury, at any affizes or quarter feiliona, to prefent any houfe or part of a houfe, or lime-kiln to be pulled down, which fhall be built contrary to this ad, and that the expenccs of fo doing, be levied off the goods and chattels of the offender, and that it fhall be lawful for any perfon to kill any dog which fhall be kept contrary to this ad, without being fued or profecuted for fo doing.

XLVII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any commif&oner fhall omit to apply for any fuch warrant as aforefaid, for forty* eight hours after he (hall have been informed, or have feen any of the faid offences or matters, or having, obtained fuch warrant, 'fhall omit for forty-eight hours to execute the fame, unlefs prevented by ficknefs or feverity of weather, or fhall omit to apply at the next enfuing feflions or aflizes for fuch prefent roent as aforefaid, or fhall delay or negled to feize, pro-fecute for, and levy any of the penalties for offences againft this ad which (hall come to or happen within his knowledge, view, or information, he fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch omiffion, delay, or -negled, upon the con-vidion thereof, before any juftice of the peace, upon the oath of any one credible witnefs.

XLVIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any perfon or perfons fhall refill or make forcible oppofition againft any perfon or perfons employed in the du£ execution of this ad, or fhall make, or attempt to make any refeue of the cattle, carriage, or other goods, di ft rained by virtue of this ad, every fuch perfon offending therein, and being convided thereof before any juftice of the peace, by the oath of one credible witnefs, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hillings, at the difcretion of fuch juftice, and in cafe the fame fhall not be immediately paid, fuch juftice is hereby empowered and required to commit fuch offender to the common gaol or houfe of fQircdion, there to remain for any time not exceeding

one

Grand juries to prefent houfes, fire.

Penalty on

comm ifli oner* neglc&ing their duty.

Penalty on refitting any officer.

* '

J06

The twaiyffvmtk Tear of George IIL

A. I>. 1787.

Chap. 60.

Monies, &c. to be handed over to traHees hereby appointed.

How fiats,

Sec. are to be levied, &c.

Oaths and affirmations.

oat month, imkfs the faid forfeiture (hall be (boner

paid.

XLIX. And be it further eiutdcd by the authority afosefaid, That all monies which (hall base an fen, or may arife by virtue of the faid recited ad hereby repealed, and (hall be payable to the tru&ees thereby appointed, or be in their hands, or in the hands of their treahirer, together with all fecurities for money due, or to be due to them ae trufters of the faid road, and all gates, houfes, and other property of the faid truilees, (hall from the (aid firft day of May, in the year one thoufsmd feven hundred and eighty-feven, be vefEed in, belong, and be paid and handed over by them to the laid truftees hereby conftituted for the purpofea of this ad ; and that any agreement or leafs for fetting the tolls of the (aid road, or aty part thereof, which may have been made after the firft day of March, one thou* (and feven hundred and eighty-feven, by the truflees appoint* cd by the (aid repealed ads, and all contracts whatever for repairing the fame, (hall be cull and void.

I*. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures impofed for any offence committed again (I this ad, the manner of levying and applying which is not herein particubriy directed, (lali and may be levied by diftrefs and l'ale of the offender's goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of the juffice, •or diredor, before whom the offender (hall be convidcd by the oath of one credible witnefs, and in cafe of non* payment thereof, every fuch offender (hall be committed by fiich juftice by warrant under his band and feaf to the common gaol or houfe of corredion, there to remain with* Out bail or mainprize for any tinrfe not exceeding three months, or until the faid fine, forfeiture, or penalty be paid; and every fuch fine, forfeiture, and penalty when paid, (hall be applied by the faid diredors, in aid of the tolls, towards the ufes of the faid toad, and in rewarding the informer or parties coirvrding, and the conftables or the perfons affifting, as to the faid diredors, or any three of them (hall feem proper.

LI. And be it farther enaded by the authority afore-feid, That every jirftSce of the praee (hall have power withia his jurifefidion to adtninifter all oaths, which are hereby required or direded, or which may be noceffary for the purposes of this ad, and that in all cafes where any oath is prefer ibid or mentioned m this ad, the affirmation of tb* phrty, if he or (be be a quadier, (hall and* may be mqde-or taken in the place of fiich oath, and if any petfon (hall take or make any ofcth or affirmation, prescribed or cm powered to be take}), and given by virtue of, or in purfaance of

1

m

Tbe (lymty-fivtntk Tta+ of George III.

this aft, or for the purpofes of carrying' this aft into execu^ tion, and fhall wilfolly fwear or affirm folfely therein, or (hall fuborn any perfon or perfons to fwear or affirm folfely therein, every fuch perfon (hall refpeftively upon conviction, faffer the pains and penalties by the feveral (latutes* now in beings or by law preferibed againII perfons guilty pf wilful and corrupt perjury, or of fubornation of per-

jury.	'

LIf. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, TTiat where any dilbrefo (hall be made for any fum or fums of money to be levied by virtue of this aft, the diftrei* itfelf (half not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpafler or trefpaflcrs, on account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor (hall the party or parties diitraining he deemed a trefpatfer or trefpaflcrs ab initio on account of any irregularity which (hall be afterwards done by the party or parties diftraining, but the perfon or perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity may recover full fatiffaction for the fpecial damage in an aftion on the cafe.

LI I*. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons appointed, or to be appointed by this aft, a truflec#or truftees for putting this aft into execution, (hall have, or accept of any

Slace of profit arifing out of or by reafon of the toll or uty by this aft laid or granted, bat fuch perfon or perfons (hall be incapable, from the time of accepting and continuing %o enioy fuch place of profit, of aftiug as a truftee.

L1V. And whereas the faid road is in many places too narrow, and is thereby dangerous, and productive, of delay to travellers, and it is rendered more ekpenfive and difficult to keep the fame in repair, and it will be expedient to widen the fame, and in many places to turn the fame* for avoiding hills* and taking off inconvenient angles and windings: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for any three of the fold direftore to take by leafe, or to purchase from any perfon or perfonbodies politick or corporate, fomuoh of the ground contiguous to the faid road, as may be neceflbry to widen the fame, to the breadth of fixty feet, and to make fencer and ditches thereto, and alfo to take by leafe* fuch ground as 'may be neceffary for altering or turning fuch-parts of the faid road as may require to be altered at filch yearly rent as they can agree for.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful for all bodies polkiok and1 corporate, corporation* aggregate or foie, eaecutow, adminiftratora, ttufieesy and gulr* jljansf not only on behalf of thbmfakcsi but alfdoit behalf

SOf

A. IX 1787. Chap. 6a.

Diftrcfi, &c„ not deemed unlawful for want of form.

Trufteea not to have an? place of profit out of the tolls.

Dire&ors to widen the road*

Perfons empowered to fet lands.

Digitized by

oS	The	teoenfyfevesub	Tear	of George III.

A. D.	of cefhi que trufts, infants or iffuc unborn, lunaticks, idiots,

iy%j.	feme coverts, or other perfons, and for all feme coverts fazed

Chap. 60. *n their own right, and for all perfons having an eftate for life only, and for all and every perfons who are or fhaQ be feized, poffcffed of, or interefted in any ground which (hall be nccefrary for the purpofes aforefaid, to fdl and convey for ever, or to demife the fame to the faid diredors for ever, or for nine hundred and ninety-nine years, or during their refpective intereft,. for fuch fums, or at fuch yearly rent as may be agreed on; and if any fuch bodies politick and corporate, corporations, executors, adminifi raters, guardians, or other perfons (hall refufe to convey or demife the fame in manner afbrefaid, at fuch rent as (hall be offered by the faid directors, or (hall not produce a dear right to demife the fame to the fatisfactron of die faid directors, or by reafon of abfence IhaB be prevented from treating or agreeing with the faid directors, it fhall be lawful for the (aid diredors, or any three of them, -and they are hereby required to have th^_ value or the yearly rent thereof (as the cafe may be) enquired into, and afeertained upon the oaths of twelve indifferent men of the county, wherein the fame is htuate in manner Iterein mentioned, that i6 to fay, they fhall caufe a notice to be ferved at the houfe of the owner of the inheritance of the laid ground, if refident in Ireland, or of his guardian, if an infan^ and of the tenant or perfon in the poffeffion or occupation of any fuch land or tenement, fetting forth the length and breadth of the ground in his or her occupation, intended to be taken for tne purpofes of this ad, and that they wiH on a day to be mentioned in foch notice, not left than thirty days dif-tint, proceed to liave the price or rent to be payable by them for the fame, enquired into, and afeertained by the oaths of twelve indifferent men, naming the place where fuch enquiry is to be made, and the faid diredors are hereby empowered to iffue their warrant to the fheriff of the county where fuch ground, land, or tenements fhall lie, requiring him to fummon thirty-fix indifferent men of the county, to appear before them at fuch time and place as fhall be mentioned in fudi warrant, for the purpofe of af-eertaining and valuing the rent thereof, purfuant to this ad, and the faid fheriff is hereby required to fummon and return fuch thirty-fix perfons, and out of them, or out of fuch of them as fhall appear, the faid diredors fhall caufc twelve to be fworn for the purpofes aforefaid, and for a^deftult of a fufficient number appearing, the faid fheriff (hall return fb many of the danders by as (haQ be neccffary to make up the number of twelve to ferve on fuch jury, and io cafe there fhaU not be a fufficient number to make up a jury,

nr



The twenty-froenth Tear of George III.	5°^

or no jury (ball be made up, a frefh warrant may be iflued, and like notices be ferved again for the faid purpofe, and fo often as the cafe (hall happen, provided the day to be fpecifi-ed in every notice fo to be ferved again, need not be more than ten days diftant.

L.VI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That all perfona intruded (hall from time to time have their lawful challenges, but not to challenge the array of the panel, againll any of the faid jurymen when they come to be fworn, and any three ov more of the faid dire&ors a&ing in the premifles, mall have power from time to time, to im-pofe any reafonable fine or fines on fuch fheriff, bailiffs, or agents, making default in the premifTes, and on any of the perfons that (hall be fummoned and returned on fuch jury, and who (hall not appear, or who (hall refufe to be fworn on the faid jury, or to give their verdift in any manner wilfully negle&ing their duty therein, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a&, and on any of the perfons who being required to .give evidence touching the premifes,

(hall refufe to be examined or to give evidence, and from time to time to ifFue thehr warrant, to levy fuch fine and fines off the goods and chattels of fuch perfon and perfons fo fined, fo as that no fuch fine (hall exceed the fum of forty (hillings for any one offence.	#

LVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Rent paid faid. That the price to be afeertained, if the dire&ois out°f tolls, choofe to purchafe, (hall be then paid, and if they (hall choofe a demife, that the rents fo to be agreed for or afiefled asaforefaid, (hall be paid from time to time, as the fame {hall become due out of the tolls of the (aid road, by quarterly or half yearly payments, to the perfon or perfons who (hall be entitled thereto, the firft payment thereof to begin, and be made at the end of three or fix months next after fuch ground (hall be taken by the faid dire&ors as aforefaid, and fuch perfon or \ trfons entitled to fuch rents, (hall dun ng the continuance of this a6f, have the fame eflate and intereii in fuch rents as they would have had in the faid grounds in cafe this act had never been made, and in default of payment thereof by the faid dire&ors within thirty days after the fame (hall become due, being demanded of the treafurer, it (hall and may be lawful for the perfon or perfons, who (hall from time to time be entitled to the faid rents, or any of them, to commence or profecute one or mor$ actions at law in the cafe, or ih debt, againft the treafurer, on account of fuch rent, and (hall and may upon fuch action or actions recover the money then due, together with his, her, or their full cofts of fuit, and have fuch remedies for the fame, as arc allowed by law in other cafes, which faid money and

cofts

Challenges

but not to the array* dec.

Digitized by VjOOQLC

The iwaty-feimth Tear ef George III.

A. D. cofts fo recowed, when paid, Adi be allowed to fach tro* 1-787.	fiwer in hit account, and if any of the (aid rents fhalj at any

Chap.'fo.	tune he in avrearand unpaid, for the fpace of fix calendar

months after the fame ought to be paid, a court of equity upon application in manner herein after mentioned, (hall appoint a receiver to receive fo much of the tolls as (baH be fufficient to pay -the fame, together with fuch fees or fabry as fhall be appointed by the court for fuch receiver, as alfo the neceffary cofts out of pocket of fuch application*

LVI1I. And he -k further ena&ed by the cuthonty aforefaid, That fuoh order of a court of equity as aforefaid (hall he made upon petition and affidavit after reirfonabie time given to (hew caufe.

Dirc&ora to LIX. And be k further ena&ed by the authorky afore-take poffeffion faid, That as foon as an afleffinent (hall be made a? afore-ifter affeflment. £^4 by any jury, k (hall be lawful for the faid dire&ors, and

any pmon or perfons by them, or any three of them employed, to take pofleffion of the ground fo affefled, and the fhe-riff is hereby required, upon demand, to give them die poffeffion thereof.

Profecutions, LX. And he it further ena&ed by the authority afore-•hc treafcrcr. °* That k (hall and may he lawful to and for the laid

dire&ors, or any three of them to commence, profccute, and defend in the name of the treafurer for the time being, any fuit in law or equky touching or concerning any contra& or agreement to he made or entered into by any throe or more of the fi)id dire&ors, * and that all fuits and proceedings in any court of law or equky in the name of iiich treafurer, (hall he (o good and dffe&ual to all intents and punpofes, as if fuch forts and proceedings had been commenced, profccuted, defended, or carried on in the names of die faid dire&ors, or of any of them, and in cafe aay bill or petition fhaH be filed or exhibited in any court of equity againtt the faid dire&ors, or any of them, or the treafurer for or on account of any matter or thing hy the faid dire&ors, or any of them made or done in execution of the powers, authorkiee, or trufts hereby, vetted in them, they the (aid dire&ors, or any of them, (hall not he obliged to aafacr fuch bill or petition, but that the an-fwer of fiich treafurer to (uch bill or petkion, (hall be deemed and taken to'he the enfwer of the faid dire&ors, and liall be binding upon them to ell intents and purpofes what* fbever, aad in cafe fuch treafurer ffiall happen to <Jie, or be removed whlft fuch fuk (hall be depending, that then and in fuch cafe fuch fort (had net abate by the death at removal of fuch treafurer, -but lhafl be carried on in the aame of the fucccodiag treafurer, and (ball Itknd to all in-

tents

V

Digitized by v^ooQle

The twerdy-feventb Tear George III.

511

tents and purpofes in the fame plight and condition as it wad A* D. immediately before fuch death or removal.	17P7.

L.XI. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Chap. 60. faid, That if any fuit fhall be commenced againft any per-fon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this a&; Su*t9< that in every fuch cafe the aftion (hall be laid in the faid county of Dublin or county of Kildare, and not elfewhere, and the defendant or defeudants in fuch aftion or aft ions Jo be brought, may plead the general fffue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance, and by virtue of this aft, and if it (hall appear fo to be done, or that fuch aftion or aftions (hall be brought in any other county, that then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants, and upon fuch verdift, or if the plain tiff (hall be non-fuited, or difcontinue his aftion after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if on any demurrer, judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fhall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

L.XI1. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the tolls and duties hereby granted, fhall take place and have continuance only from and after the faid firft day of May, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, for and during the term of twenty-one years, and to the end of the feflions pf parliament then next enfuing.

LXIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, arid other perfons whatfo-$ vcr, without fpecially pleading the fame*

Tolls to continue as herein.

A pablick aftp



Digitized by (^.ooQle

Tie twenly-agbtb Tear of George Ilf.

A. D. 1787.

The Twenty-eighth Year of GEORGE IIL

CHAP. XIII.

Amended 36

Q. 3. c. 7.

An AB to explain and amend an Ad pa/fed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Tears of his prefent Majefly's Reign, entitled, Am A3 for efiahhfbimg a Poft-OJjicc within tins Kmg-

Redtalof 23 Is S4O.3 c. 17.

proof that oath in aj A 14 G. 3. was taken, not nccedaty on any criminal prole-ctttion.

WHEREAS by an act patted in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his prefent Majcfty** reign, entitled. An aB for efablijhing a pojl-ojficc within this kingdom, it it enaded, That no perion or perfons (hall be capable of haring, ufing, or exerciGng the office of pod-matter general, fecretary, treafurer, receiver general, accountant general, refident furrtyor or comptroller as therein is mentioned, or any other office relating to the pott-office, or any branch thereof, or be any wife concerned in receiving, damping, forting, charging, carrying, conveying, or delivering of letters or packets, unlcfs fuch perfon (hall have firft taken the oath therein fet forth in the words therein mentioned: and whereas in many inftancet juttice might be eluded, if upon criminal profecutiont founded on the faid recited ad, or any other ad relative to the poll-office, proof (hould be required that fuch oath was duly taken by every or any of the perfons aforefaid : be it therefore declared and enacted. That on any criminal profecution or trial to be hereafter had for any offence againtt the faid alt, or againtt this ad, or any other ad relating to the pott office, it (hall not be neceffary or incumbent on any perion or perfons profecuting on behalf of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, to prove or give in evidence on any fuch profecution or trial, that the faid oath was taken by any of the persons aforefaid, but that it (hall be pre-furoed on every fuch profecution and trial, that the perfons aforefaid, and every of them* was and were duly appointed to their feveral and refpective offices and employments, and took the faid oath fcvernlly and refpedively, and fcverally and refpe&ivcly performed all the requifites appointed by the (aid ad, and by this	and by every other ad relating to the pott-

office to be done and performed, upon proof being firft made that the perfon or perfons charged with ady offence againtt the laid ads, or any of them, aded in the ftation, employment,

Digitized by Google

t

' The twenty-eighth Tear of George HI,

«aent9 or bulinefs relating to the pod-office, which fha.I he -charged, mentioned, or fet forth in any indi&roent for fuch offence.

II.	And in order to obviate doubts, and to prevent trouble and the expence in profecutions and fnits for offences a-^jainft the pod office 1 iws* be V; enacted, That in all and eve-tv criminal profecutiog and trial for offences done or committed, or to be done or committed againfl the (hid act, paC ied in this kingdom in the twenty third and twenty fourtfe years of his prefent Majcfty's reign, entitled, v//i aF for efnb-ii/hing apojl-ojfce wuh'n this kingdom, or any other act relating’ •to the poll-office, and in all proceedings at law or in equity <fonnded upon the (aid acts, or any of them, the eftablifhinent -of the faid pod-office fliall not be quefttoned, but it fhnlJ be admitted and taken as proved that one general letter-office .and pod-office has been, and at the time of the offence committed, was diffy eftablifked for the purpofes in the faid a& mentioned, and that a Efficient ptrfon or perfons has or have been appointed mafter of the faid office by his Mijefty, hi» iieirs and fucceilbrs, and duly made and coiiflituted mafter of the faid office by letters patent under the great leal of Ireland, by the name, dilc, and title of bis Majefty’s pod-mailer •general of Irelaud,*nd that a fecrctary, a treafurer, a receiver ■general, and accountant general, and rdident furvevor of the iaid general pod-office, awd alfo a comptroller of the foiting -office thereof have been refpectively in like manner duly apr pointed, made, and constituted by letters patent under tire great feal of Ireland, and that all and every of the fubordi-nate officers, deputies, fervants, and agents, required by the faid act, have been .duly appointed, and that due and regular pods and inferior pofl-offices have‘been fettled and ef-tablifhed for the purpofeain the faid a6t, and that it ftiall not be neceflary in any fuch profecution or trial or proceeding, to prove or produce or give in evidence the lttters patent of the faid mafter, or of any of the other officers aforefaid, or any deputation or appointment made, given, or granted by the mafter of the faid office for the time being, to ?ny of the fubordinate officers, deputies, fe§&uts, or agents of fuch mafter of the faid office, but that the faid recited act of the tv/en* ty third and twenty fourth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (hall iu all fuch profecutions, trials, and proceedings, be deemed, aud taken to be, and {hall be received as evidence of every fuch appointment and deputation a* aforefaid.

III.	And be it ena&ed, That if any officer or other per-fon whatfoever, in any wife a&ing under or by virtue of the faid recited acl, of the twenty third and twenty fourth years pf his piefent hlajefty's reign, or under or by virtue of this

Vo^VIIl-	Kk	ad.

In criminal prol cutioo, t fl a bl: lament of j oft office not queftijadft.

a<51 of 23 8c

25 01 u. 3. taken as cvulcncOi

ployed in

1/iuiC, 1 Mealing lctici s,





7%e twenty-eighth Tear of George III.

aA, or under or by virtue of any other aA patted in this king-dom, iclative to the pod-office, or any deputy, clerk, agent, letter earner, pod-boy or rider, or any other officer or perfan whatfoever employed, or 10 be hereafter employed in rcccrr-asherein, guilty jng# ftaraping, forting, charging, carrying, conveying, or ck-c ° ^*	livering	letters	or	packets,	or	in any other buCoefs relating to

the pod-office, (hall wilfully fecrete, embezzle, or dedroy, or fonembezzline" W1^^U^Y permit, or fuffer any other perfon or perfona wO-letters, &c. fully to fecrete, embezzle, or dedroy, or if any other perfon as herein guilty or perfons (hall, with or without the confent of any fuch ?ffelony.	clerk, deputy, agent, letter carrier, pod-boy, or rider, or

other officer or perfon whatfoever employed as afbre&id, wilfully (ecrete, embezzle, pr dedroy any letter or letters, packet or packets, bag or mail of letters, with which any fuch deputy, clerk, agent, letter-carrier, pod-boy or rider, or other officer or perfon whatfoever, to be employed as aforefaid, (hall and may be refpectively entruded, or which (hall have come to his, her, or their hands or poffeffion, which (hall contain any bank note, bank pod-bill, bill of exchange, trea-fury or exchequer bill, debenture, or acquittance, South-fea, #	Ead-India,	or city of Dublin, bond, dividend, warrant of the

bank of Ireland or England, South-fea, Ead-India, or other company, fociety or corporation, navy or victualling or tranf-port bill, ordnance, debenture, fea-mao’*s ticket, In(h or Bri-ti(h (late lottery ticket, or (hare of any fuch ticket, bark, treafury, or other receipt for payment of any publick loan, note ofaffignroent of dock in the Irifli or feritifli funds, letterof attorney for receiving annuities or dividends, or for felling dock in the funds of Ireland of Great Britain, or belonging to any company, fociety, or corporation, goldfmiths or bankers letter of credit or note for or relating to the payment of money, or bond, or warrant of attorney, draft, bill or pro-miffory note, or other fecurity or fecqrities, or paper voucher or thing whatfoever for the payment of money; or whereby or whereon any fum of money may be had, gotten, received, or recovered, or which (hall contain any part of the laid feveral vouchers, fecurities, papers, matters or things herein before mentioned, 6* of any of them, or (hall deal or felonioufly take out of any letter or packet that (hail come to his, her, or their hands or poffeffion, any of the Vouchers, fecurities, papers, matters or things herein before mentioned, or any part of them, or of any of them, or any other fecurity or fedurities, or matter or paper, or thing whatfoever, or any part of them, or any of them for # the payment of money whereby or whereon any fum of money may he had, gotten, received, Or recovered, or (hall ileal, or felonioufly take out of any letter or packet, tba$ (hall come to his, her, or their hands or poffcffioa, any '	'*	"l	pari

5H

A. D.

1788. Chap. 13,

Digitized by

Google

Any perfon

ro!>!»inif, 6 e. P'rt !'<*♦ S^K|

of leiony, 1

The ttventy-eighth Tear of George III.

part of any of the vouchers, fecurities, papers, matters Of things herein before mentioned, or any part of any other fecurity or fecuvities, paper, matter or thing whatfoev. *, for the payment of money, whether money can be hit ^ gotten, received, or recovered thereby or thereon, or not, every fuch offender or offenders, being thereof convicted by due courfe of law, lhall be deemed guilty of felony, and ihidl fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy,

IV.	And whereas doubts may arife, whether the wilfully flopping or detaining any perfon employed in carrying of conveying any exprefs, or any letter or packet fent or con* veyed, or to be fent or conveyed by exprefs, or any letter or packet fent by exprefs from any poll-office, or other place in this kingdom, to ^ny other pod-office or place within the fame, with intent to rob, open, fearch, or impede the pro-grefs of fuch exprefs, letter, or packet, is made or conllituN ed a felony by the faid recited a(S; be it declared and enacted.

That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever, whether employed or not employed in any bufmefs of or relating to the poll-office, (hall rob, or (hall wilfully Hop or detain with intent to rob, open, fearch, or impede the progrefs of any exprefs, letter, or packet, fent, or to be fent as aforefaid by exprefs or by any poll-boy, pod-rider, or exprefs-rider, or malt deal pr feloniouflv take from any fuch poll-boy, poft-rid«r, or e*-prefs-rider, any letter, packet, article, matter or thing whar> foever, with whicli he (hall be cutrufted, although fuch robbing, dealing, or taking lhall not appear, or he proved to be a taking from the perfon, or upon the King’s high-way, or to be a robbery or felony committed in any dwelling houfe, or any coach-houfe, liable, barn, or any out-houfe belonging to a dwelllng-houfe, and although it Ihouid not appear, or be proved that any perfon or perfons were put in feat" by fuch robbing, Healing, or taking, or if ar»y poll-boy, poll-ri-	•

der, or exprefs-rider Thall wilfully rob or open, embezzle, fe-crete, or deftroy any exprefs, letter, or packet, with which he (hall be entrufted; or lhall Heal, or feloniously take thereout, or lhall wilfully permit or fuffer any other perfon or perfons to Heal or take thereout any letter, packet, article, matter or thing whatfoever; or if any other perfon or perfons lhall, with or without the knowledge or privity of fuch poll-boy, poll-rider, or exprefs-rider, Ileal or felonioudy take from Inch pod-boy, poft-rider, or exprefs-rider, any letter or packet, article, matter or thing whatfoever; or if any perfon lhall receive any fuch letter, packet, article, matter or thing which lhall have been ftolen, or felonioufty taken as afore- rcccjvcr laid, knowing the fame to have been ftolen, or felonioufty guiity of felony, taken as aforefaid, every fuch offender refpectively, being thereof convicted by due courfe of Uw, lhall be deemed guil-K k 2	ty

tho’ robbery nor on king’s highway.

Digitized by

?i6

A. I>.

Tho’ adual robber not apprehended, if.

The twenty-eighth Tear of George III.

ty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

V.	And be it enacted. That every perfon receiving any Aich letter, packet, article, -matter or thing which (hall have been fo felonioufly taken or ftolen as aforefaid, knowing the fame to have been ftolen, oi felonioufly taken as aforefaid, ftial? be deemed and talten to be a principal felon, and (ball be .riable for fuch offence, and being convicted thereof, by due courfe of law, (hall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy; although the perfon or perfons who (hall have actually committed fuch theft or robbery as aforefaid, (hall not have been previoufly apprehended, tried, or convi&ed thereof.

CHAP. XIV.

Amended 29

An A8 to amend an AS pajfed in the lajl Seflton of Parliament, for improving and repairing the Turnpike Roadfrom Dull* to Dunleer.



Preamble.

Additional

Commiflioners,

7 comratflion-yrs to conftitute a meeting.

May adjourn.

FOR the more effe&ual carrying into execution the pur-pofes intended by the faid a£t: be it ena&ed by the King’* ■mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this preT fent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That James Alexander, Edward Bellew, John Godley, tkf honourable Henry Skeffington, the honourable William Job# Skeffington, and John Staples, efquires, be commiflioners to* gether with the commiflioners appointed by the faid a&, and that the faid commiflioners (hall aflemble at twelve o'clock at noon, on the firft Monday after the pafling of this a&, at the Parliament houfe in the city of Dublin, or in cafe of failure thereof, on the Monday next fucceeding, and (hall at fuck meeting elect by ballot from among the faid commiflioners five perfons, to be directors for the fuperintending and managing the faid road, and for tranfa&ing all bulinefc relative to the fame.

II.	And be it ena&ed, That feven commiflioners (hall be neceffary to conftitute a meeting of the faid commiflioners, and that the a A of the majority of feven (hall be the ad of, and binding upon the fajd commiflioners.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commifli-ouers to adjourn any meeting from time to time, and from place to place contiguous to or convenient to the faid road.

•	{Y:	a«4

Digitized

The twenty-eighth Tear of George III.	517*

IV.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful to A. D.

fand for any feven of the faid commiflioners, by notice in wri* 1788. fcing under their hands, at any time to call a meeting of the Chap. 14. laid commiflioners, to be held either in the town of Dunleer,	J

town of Drogheda, or in fome convenient place in the city May C*H a of Dublin, fuch notice fpecifying the caufe of atfembling the “c^g^here-commiflioners, and being potted up on the feveral gates on

the faid rt>ad, feven days previous to the time appointed for fuch meeting.

V.	And be it further enafted by thd authority aforefaid, t May enquire That it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners* at any meet- ‘°t0 condll& °f ing to be held by them purfuant to this a61, to call on the <iirc^or*> direftors herein after mentioned, to give an account of their

conduct and proceedings, and upon the treafurer to pafs his accounts; and that it (hall be lawful to and for fuch commiflioners, at fuch meeting or meetings to remove fuch direftor or dire&ors, or treafurer, from his or their office as a direftor and ele& or directors, or treafurer, if it (hall appear that he, or they, others.

(hall have afted improperly as a direftor or direftors, or treafurer, and that then the laid commiflioners (hall forthwith proceed to cleft another director or directors, or treafurer, in the Head or room of fuch direftor, directors, or treafurer fo removed, and alfo to elect a direftor or treafurer upon the happening of any vacancy in any of thofe offices by death or reugnation.

VI And be it further enafted, That every direftor who Director to fhali be elefted purfuant to this aft, (hall before he (hall aft oath •• as fuch, take and fubferibe an oath in the words following,- crcm* before one of the commiflioners aforementioned, who is hereby empowered to adminitter the fame*

/ A. B .do f weart that I will well arid truly di/charge the Oath. duty cf a dire Bor of the road leading from Dublin to Dunleer, according to the hcjl of my /kill, without favour or malice, and tout 1 will account faithfully with the tnjlees of the faid road, for ad money received by me as a director, and that I will as far as in me lies, endeavour to appoint competent and proper fu-pervifors of the faid road, to a£2 under the directors of the faid road.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Direftor* to That the faid direftors, or any three of them, (hall as foon j£fct M tcrcin' as they conveniently can, after they (hall be elected and fworh as aforefaid, meet at fome place convenient to the faid road, and (hall have power from time to time to choofe any proper perfons, not exceeding three in number, to be fupervifors of the faid road, an<f to appoint falaries for fuch fupervifors, not exceeding in the whole to any one fupervifor, the fum of fifty-two guineas in the year, and that the number of attendance

\

Digitized by

Google

J**

A. D.

178*.

Chap. 14.

7he twenty-eighth Tear of George IIL

cel of erery. fupervifor chofen purfuant to this a A, (hall be afeertaioed by the oath of fuch fupervifor to be taken before any one of the faid directors, which oath the faid directors* or any one of them are, and is hereby empowered and directed to adminifler; and that any three or more of the laid directors afTembled together, (hall have power from time to time to remove any fupervifor at the free will and pleafure of fuch directors, and to appoint other fupervifor or fupervifors itr the dead of fuch fupervifor fo removed, and in cafe of death or rdignation, to appoint other fupervifor or fupervifors in the dead of fuch fupervifor or fupervifors fo dying or re-figning.

VIII. And be it further ena&ed. That every fupervifor who fliall be chofen and appointed by the dire&ors, purfuant to this a&, (hall before he (hall a£t as fuch, take and fub-feribe an oath in the words following, to wit.

Oath to be

tak u by (uper-vifbr.

/ A. B. do folemnly /wear, that I will honejlly and diligently execute the office of a fupervifor of the road from Dublin to Dun* leer, and that I will according to the bejl of my Jkill and know* kdge execute all lawful order* given to me, by the direGors of the faid road, and that I will when called upon by the faid diredors, or any three of them, account for all money which Jball be confided to me by the faid direGors, or by ms received by virtue of this

So help me God.

Dufy of fupervifor*,

on refufsl. or ncKled, P'>**Uy 51.

Which oath any three of the faid dire£tors aflcmbled together, arc hereby empowered, and required to adminifler to fuch fupervifor.

K, And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the fupervifors fliall as often as required by the faid directors, or any of them, attend on the faid road, and (hall fee jointly or ftparately, as (hall be directed, that all orders and works directed and ordered by the faid directors, be properly executed and performed, and fliall make returns and reports when required from time to time to the faid directors, of the (late, nature, and circunr (lances of the faid road, and fliall remove all nuifances, encroachments, and obftrufrions on the faid road, an 1 (hall fuperintend all workmen and labourers working and labouring on the faid road, and pay them their wages, blit fubject to the orders of the faid directors, and each fupervifor fliall keep a book contaiuing a journal of his own proceedings, and (hall attend all meetings of tire faid directors and com mi fit oners, if fo required, and if any fupervifor fliall refufe or neglect to perform Iris office of fupervifor, as required by this acl, and (hall be thereof convicted upon tire oath of any two or more credible wituefles before any

jail ice

Digitized by Google

The twenty-eighth Tear of George lit*	5IJ

Juftice of the peace, every fuch fupervifor fhall forfeit the fum of	A. IX

n ve pounds for every fuch offence, to be levied by diflrefs and 1788. fale of fuch fupervifors goods by warrant under the hand and Chap. 14« fcal of fuch juftice, rendering the overplus* if any, to fuch I'upervifor.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral truflees Truftee*, t© appointed by the faid act, lor the feveral divifiQns of the faid c?*fc to afta: road, (hall fo foon as the faid dire&ors (hall be appointed,

ceafe to be truflees, and that all powers, duties, and autho- P * rities veiled in, or impofed upon them, (hall be, and are hereby veiled in, and impofed upon the faid directors, and all accounts to be made, or matters to be done before the faid truf-tees, or any of them, (hall be made and done before the faid directors: and that it (hall be lawful for the faid directors to order any part of the tolls applicable in any one divifion to the repair of the road therein, to be applied in widening, altering, or repairing any part of the road in any other divifion as they (hall fee occaiion, any thing in the faid act to the contrary notwithftanding ; and that the fupervifors to be appointed by virtue of this act, (hall have all the powers and authorities, and be fubject to the reflections and regulations given or impofed by the faid act, to ar upon the infpectors appointed by virtue of the fame, and that fo foon as the faid fupervifors fliall be appointed, the faid infpectors (hall ceafe to act as fuch, or to receive any falary or emolument whatsoever under the faid act.

XI.	And be it farther enacted, That the faid directors (hall Dirc&ors"t© have full power to cany the faid a& into execution, and that carry tbisa& the confent or direction of the faid commiflioners (hall not into execution, be neceflary to authorize, nor (hall reftrain or prohibit the

faid directors to do every a& towards carrying the faid act into execution, which the commiflioners and truflees appointed thereby had power jointly or Separately to do, except only the appointment of a treafurer, who (hall be appointed in manner prescribed by the Said act, and this pre-fent act.

XIV.	And whereas in {pme inflances, and particularly	~

where houfes or cabbing interfere, it may be more eligible to have huufc*, $cc9 purchafe than rent the houfes, lands, or tenements, in order Xo widen or altei the faid road: be it enabled. That wherever the faid directors (hall think proper, they may agree for or diredl the jury to value the purchafe of any land, houfe, or tenement, neceflary to be procured for widening or altering the faid road, and to pay the purchafe money out of the tolls impofed by the laid acl, or out of the money to be borrowed by virtue of this a&.

CHAP

Digitized by Google

The bwentf-eighth Year of George HI.

CHAP. XXIV.

An AS for repealing an AS made in the Thirty-third Tear of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, entitled, An A3 for the Elcdion of the Lord JuJlice, and alfo for the E ledion of a Lord Juf iee and Governor of tbit Rtalm upon the Event y and * in the Manner therein mentioned•>

Uo

Preamble.

VJ H 8 I *. «. 2 .< repealed.

WE your Majefty’s moll dutiful and loyal (objects the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in Parliament aflembltd, do molt humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may ber enacted : and be it ena&ed by the King’s moll excellent Majelty, by and with the advice and eonfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons m this prefent Parliament aflembhrd, and by the authority of the^fame, That if at any time after the palling of this ad, the office of chief governor of this realm (hall be avoided by the death of the King’s lieutenant, deputy, juft ice, or other chief governor or chief governors or otherwife, the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiffioners for the cuftody of the great leal for the time being, fhall immediately iffue or caufe to be ifliicd, a ptoclamation under the great feal of this kingdom, thereby in the name of his Majeftyf his heirs or fuccelTors, fummoning and requiring all and every the members of the privy council of this kingdom wherever they fhall then be, to meet and aficmble together in the council chamber at the caftle of publin, or in tome other publick and fit place in the city of Dublin, at fome certaiu honr on a day not later than twenty-one days, nor foonjr than fifteen days from the Milling of Inch proclamation for the election of a jullice or juftices, and governor or governors of this realm of Ireland, during the pleafure of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and until his, her, or their further or other pleafure (hall be known, which proclamation fhall forthwith and without delay be publifbed in the manner in which proclamations are or fhall be ufually puhli(hedt and (hall forthwith be truly tranf-mitted to the feveral fheriifs of all and every the counties of this kingdom, or to the coroner where there fhall be no (he-ritf, and alfo to the fhcriffe, or where there Ihall be no* fiieriff, to the chief magiilrate of each and every city and town, being u county of itfelf, and every fuch fheritF, corouer, and chief magi Irate reipectively, fhall forthwith upon receipt of iuch proclamation publifli the fame, and fhall alfo fummonor caufe to be fummoned every member of the privy council of this kingdom, who (hall then be rclident within the bailiwick or dilliid of every fuch fherifF, coroner, and chief ma.

giftrate

Digitized by

The tnventy-eighth Tear of George III.

jjiftrate refpe&ively, to attend at the time and place Appointed by fuch proclamation, then and there to ele& a juftice or juftices, and governor or governors of this realm as afore-faid.

II. And be it enabled, That if on the day fo appointed, the office of chief governor of this kingdom (hall continue toid, then and in that cafe the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiffioners, for the cuftody of the great feal for the time being, (hall at the time and place fo appointed as aforefaid, (ignify by reading this a£ to the privy counfellors, who (haril meet and afTemble purfnant to fuch proclamation, that they are forthwith to proceed to the ele&ion of a chief governor or governors of this kingdom, and the faid privy counfellors being fo met and affembled, (hall have full power and authority by virtue of this a£t, \o eledl fome fit perfon or ^fons not more than three in number, then being a member or members of the privy council of this kingdom, to be juflice or juftices and governor and governors of this realm of Ireland, during the pleafure of his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-ccflors, which election fo by them or the major part of them had and made as is aforefaid, fhall be put into writing, and figncd by the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiffioners for the cuftody of the great feal for the time being, and by the privy counfellors who (hall make fuch election as aforefaid, and thereupon and thereby the lord chancellor or lord keeper or the lords commiffioners for the cuftody of the great feal of this realm for the time being, (hall be fully authorifed and warranted, and by this aft is and are required to make and pafs letters patent under the great feal of this kingdom to the perfon or perfotis fo elected thereby, conftituting and appointing fuch perfon or perfons fo ele&ed juftice and juftices governor and governors of this realm of Ireland, during the pleafure of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, and fuch perfon or per foils being fo elected and appointed as aforefaid, aftei he o»* they .(hall have taken the ufual oath of office of a chief governor and governors of this realm according to ancient ufigc, which oath the lord primate of all Ireland, or the lord chancellor o’r lord keeper of the great feal, or any other privy counfellor of this kingdom then prefent, fhall have power and authority to adminifter, (hall have, hold ami enjoy the faid office of juftice and governor of this kingdom during his Majeftv’s pleafure as aforefaid, and until his Mi-jefty, his heirs or fhcceflbrs (hall (ignify his, her, or their pleafure to the contrary, together with fuch and the like rights, powers, authorities, profits, and emoluments, as to the office of a juitice and general governor of the faid kingdom doth and fiiall belong, and as* were g.anted by his Majefty’# commiffion to the chief governor, whole office (hall have been

fo

If on day appointed office vacant, lord chancellor to dired privy , counsellors to , eied a clucf governor.

Digitized by

Google

*



The iwemty-ajglth Tear of George ttl.

A. D.

178B. Chap. 2f

Until ap-poiotmot laid chancellor hat power* t* ref-piteof fattem-cc*, Ice.

33 of Henry 8th c. i. &c repealed.

If office avoided dui iojr a f ffion of parliament the feffion to continue, Ac.

fc avoided, all fuch rights, powers and authorities, to be ei-ercifed by the perfou or perfons To to be appointed, or by the .majority of them.

ill. And be it further ena&ed, That whenever the hid office of chief governor (hall be avoided as afore laid, and until a jufticc or juftices, governor or governors of this realm of Ireland, (ball have been elected by'virtue of this a&, or until a juft ice or juftices, governor or governors fhall bare been appointed by commiffiou from his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefTora, the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commit-(loners for the cuftody of the great feal for the time being, (hall have hill power and authority to ftifpend, refpite, or delay the execution of all and every fentence, punifhment, or penalties, pronounced or adjudged at the fuit or profecution of his Majefty, bis heirs orfucceflors, in this kingdom, until the pkafure of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, be known, or until fourteen days from and after the day when the juf-ticc or juftices, governor or governors fo elected as afortfaid, or commiilioncd by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, fhall have taken the cuftomary oath of office within this kingdom, as by law required.

IV.	And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority aforelaid. That the aA made io the Parliament of this kingdom, in the thirty-third year of the reign of King Hcnty the eighth, entitled. An A3 for the Ele&ion of the Lord Jufice ; and all and every other ftatutes, laws, or ufages of this realm for the election of a juilice or governor of this realm, upon any avoidance as afcicfaid, fhall he, and they are hereby repealed and made void, to all intents and puipofes whatsoever.

V.	And to obviate all doubts which may arife in cafe the office of chief governor of this kingdom (hall be avoided as aforelaid, during a feffion of the Parliament thereof; be it declared and eua&ed. That in cafe the faid office of chief governor fhall be fo avoided during a feffion of the Parliament of this kingdom, that fuch feffion of Parliament (hall continue notwithstanding fuch avoidance, and immediately upon fuch avoidance the faid Parliament (hall be, and the fame is by the authority of this a& declared to be adjourned for the fpace of one calendar month, to be computed from and immediately after fuch avoidance, and all temporary (Unites which would or might have expired during fuch interval, fhall continue in full force for fix weeks, to be computed iu like manner from and immediately after fuch avoidance, and if the faid office (hall be avoided as aforefaid, at any time when the Parliament of this kingdom (ball not be fitting, and the day to which the (aid Parliament fhall have been prorogued (hail happen duaing fuch avoidance, than and in that cafe

Digitized by Google

The twenty-eighth Tear of Georg* III,

S*J

tile faid Parliament (hall be, and the fame is by the audio- A. D. rity of thi|^ft declared to be further prorogued for the fpace	1788.

of one calendar month, to be computed from the day to 'which the faid Parliament (hall have been prorogued as afore-

An Aft to explain and amend the Laws relative to the Fifberie* on the Coajls of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS by an aft pafled in the twenty-fifth Recital of

year -of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, jin G. 3 c.3$.£9. nft for the further improvement and extenfion of the JJheries on the coajls of this kingdom ; it is enafted, That the commif-fioners of his Majefty’s revenue, or any three of them, may annually appoint by notice in the Dublin Gazette, on or before the firft day of March, fuch places to the fouth-ward between Waterford and Galway, and to the northward between Waterford and Ballyraine, to be the general rendezvous for veffels upon the bounty proceeding to thr fifhery, and it would tend to benefit the fifhery if the faid powers given to the commiflioners were extended: be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid Powers^rve* commiflioners (hall have the like powers of appointing fuch t0 ct)a) mi la replaces between Galway and the Mullet, on the north weft	to*"

point of the county of Mayo, to be the general rendezvous places herein, for veficls upon bounty proceeding on the fifhery, as they (hall think fit-

II.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe of any Incafeofrwe riot or difturbauce on (hore, where no fufficient remedy is provided for immediately putting a flop thereto, or for cr to be hroU^i enabling any .juftice or juftices of the peace to make com- before him, £c. penfation to the perfon or perfons who (hall be aggrieved or inj ired thereby, by any law in being, that it (hall and may be lawful for any juft ice or juftices of the peace on complaint made on oath, to caufe the perfon or perfons charged therewith to be brought before him or them, and to htar ai»d determine in a fummary way on the oath or oaths of one or more credible vvitnefs or witnefles fuch complaint, and on due proof thereof made to fine any fuch perfon or perfons refptftively in any fum not exceeding forty (hillings, to be levied by diftrefe and falc of his, her.

laid,

CHAP. XXVIL

4

or

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-eighth Tear rf George III. >

or their goods, and to pay over the fame to the party injured, and if no diftrds can be found for that purpofe, to commit fuch perfon or perfons to prifon for any^nme not exceeding one month, provided fuch fine (hall not be paid within that time.

ApobfidaQ. III. And be it further ena&ed, That this ad (hall be deemed and taken to be a public ad, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, jufticcs, and ether perfons without fpedaOy pleading the fame.

CHAP. XXVIIL

To *5 March dim dB to continue and amend an Aft faffed in the Fifth Teat 1814, See. 33	of His late Mayfly's Reign, entitled, .« A3 for repairing

O. 3. c. so. f.	the Road leading from the Town of Ncwcajlle in the Coun-

ty oj Limerick f to the City of Limerick, and from thence to the City of Cork.

27. Amended 33 C. 3.C.2Q.

5G.2.C. as.

ifG.ic. 19.

iq G. S continued for % yean.

No turnpike nearer than 1 mile of Mai-law. Sec.

WHEREAS an ad palled in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fccond, entitled. An a3 for repairing the road leading from the town tf Newcafile in the County of Limtricky to the city of Limerick,, and from thence to the city of Cork : and whereas the (aid ad, by an ad palled in the nineteenth year of his faid late Majefly, entitled. An A3 to continue and amend an ad, entitled, Ana3 for repairing the road leading from the town of Nt*wcaftle in the county of Limerick, to the city of Limerick, andfrom thence to the city of Corky was amended and further continued : and whereas the faid lad mentioned ad will expire at the end of the prefent fcfiion of Parliament, but the fame being found of general ufe, ought to be contiuu-ed: be it therefore enaded by the king’s moll excellent Majelty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefect Parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That the laid ad (hall continue and be in force for the term of two years from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thou, fand feven hundred and eighty-eight, and to the end of the then feflion of Parliament, and no longer.

II. And be it further enaded. That no gate or turnpike (hall be ereded by virtue of this or any former ad, at any place nearer than one Englilh mile to the town of Mallow, and that every horfe, marc, afs, or mule laden with turf (hall pay but half toll for all turf conlumed within the faid town of Mallow, any thing in this, or any former ad contained to the contrary notwitldbnding.

CHAP.

Digitized by

Google

The teoenty-eighth Tear of George III#

CHAP. XXIX.

5*5

A. D.

1788.

A /IB for the better afcertaimng the Tithes of .

’IX^HEREAS the afcertamitfg the tithe of hemp PreambU.

* * hath by experience been found very ufeful and ne-ceffary : be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, all and every perfon or perfons yvho fhall fow, or caufe to be fown, any hemp in any parifh or place in the kingdom of Ireland, fhall pay, or caufe to be paid to every parfon, vicar, or impropriator of any fuch parifh or place yearly, and every year, the fum of five 5*. pet ihillings and no more, for each acre of hemp fo fown before t7thco11 hemp, jthe fame be carried off the ground, and fo proportionably for more or lefs ground fo fown, for the recovery of which /urn or fums of money, the parfon, vicar, or impropriator,

.fhall have the common and ufual remedy allowed of by the

Jaws of the land ; provided that this ad, or any thing Provifo.

therein contained, fhall not extend to charge any land dif-

.charged by any modus decimandi, ancient compofition, or

other wife difeharged of tithe by law.

CHAP. XXXI.

An Ad for the Amendment of the Law in certain Particulars therein mentioned.	N

WHEREAS it hath been bolden that bills of ex- Preamble.

ceptions tal^en to the opinion of a judge at nifi	%

prim, are not examinable in the court in which the a&ion is Drought, and can only be examined upon a writ of error brought in a fuperior court, whereby the party offering fuch bill of exceptions is fubjed to great delay and cofts : be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent Ma-jefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament Sufficient for alfcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That it fhall judge to whom be fufficient if the judge to whom fuch bill of exceptions uill of cxcep-

fhall be tendered fign the fame, and that it fhall not be ue- t'<’ns tcni*cr" f *	9	.	ed to fign fame,

ccffar7 *c. as herein.

Digitized by

Google

Where iffue joined and plaintiff neglect* as herein, judge may give judgment, fire, as herein.

72/ twenty-eighth Tear of* George TIT.

ceffary for him to put his feat thereto, and that fiich bill cf exception* fo figned fhall remain with the clerk of mfipriv, and be incorporated inth*pojlea* and be returned therewith to the Court in which the action is brought, which court (hall have authority to examine the fame, and give judgment thereon, or make fiich order, either by arrefting the judgment, granting a venirefacias de novo9 or otherwife, as (hall be agreeable to juftice.

II. And whereas great inconveniencies arrfe to the defendants in a&ions brought againft them by plaintiffs drlaying the tryal of caufes after iffiie joined between the parties : be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That where any iflue is or fhall be joined in any a&ion or foie at law, in any of his Majcfty’s courts of record, and the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall negle& to bring fiich iffue to be tried, according to the courfe of fuch court refpe&irdy, it fhall be lawful for the judges of the faid courts reflectively, upon motion made in open court by the defendants in fuch a&ion, or one of them, if there be more than one, due notice having been given thereof, to give the like judgment, and award cofts in every fuch a&ion or fuit, as in cafes of non-fuit, unlefs the faid court fhall, upon jnd caufe and reafonable terms, allow any further time or tiroes for the tryal of fuch iffue; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall negleft to try fuch iffue; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall neglc& to try fuch iffue within the time fo allowed, then the court fhall proceed to give judgment, and award coils to fuch defendant as in cafe of a non-fuit. •

CHAP. XXXII.

jfn A8 to repeal an A8 paffed in the Twenty-eighth Tear of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, entitled, dn Ad of dp-peals, and to enable the Lord Chancellory Lord Keeper, or Lords Commi/Jioners for the Cufody of the Great Seal of this Kingdom, for the Time beings to iffue CommJJtons of Appeal from the Courts of the Arcb-bifhops within the - fame.

preamble. TT7HEREAS It fa expedient that an a& paffed in VV this kingdom in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of king Heqry the eighth, entitled, dn aB of appeals, fhould be repealed, and that provifion fhould be made for iffuing commillions of appeal from the courts of the arch-biffopa of this realm: be it enafled by the King’s moll excellent Majefly, by and vrith the advice and content of the lords 4.	fpiritital

The twenty-eighth Tear of George III.

fpiritnal and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid recited a& be, and the fame is hereby repealed, and for lack of juftice at or in any the court* of the archbifhop* of this realm.

II.	Be it enafled by the anthority aforcfaid. That it £hall and may be lawful to the parties grieved, to appeal to court than-the King’s Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, in his and CCry’ ** rcm' their court of chancery in this kingdom, and that upon

every fuch appeal a commiflion fhall be direded, under the great feal of this kingdom, to fuch perfons as (hall be earned by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, in his or their (aid court of chancery, to hear . and definitely determine fuch appeals, and the caufes coo* corning the fame, and in fuch form as hath been ufed in this realm on appeals to the King’s Majefty, in his faid court of chancery, which commiflioners fo by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, to be named or appointed, ihall have full power and authority to hear and definitely determine every fuch appeal, with the caufes and *11 circum(lance8 concerning the fame, and that fuch judgment and fentence as the faid commiflioners fhall make an<|p decree in and upon any fuch appeal, fhall be good and ef-Fe&ual, and alfo definitive, and no further appeals to be had or made from the faid commiflioners for the fame ; and if any perfon or perfons at any time after the pafling of this a&, fhall provoke or fue any manner of appeals of what nature or condition foever they be, to the derogation or let of the due execution of this a6fc, or contrary to the feme, every fuch perfon or perions fo doing, their aiders, counfellors, and abettors, fhall incur the pains and penalties of premunire, fpecified and contained in the aft made in the realm of England, in the fixteenth year of the reign of king Richard the fecond, againft fuch as fue to the couit of Rome againft the king’s crown and prerogative royal.

III.	And be it declared and enabled by the authority CommiffioBi aforefaid, That all commiffions which have heretofore rpon appeals iffued upon appeals to the Kind’s Majefty, or his prede- heretofore cefiors, in his or their court of chancery of thi3 realm, vahd.

and all proceedings had under, and by virtue of the fame, fhall be deemed valid and effe&ual to all intents and pur-pofes whatsoever.

Appeal to

CHAP.

Digitized by

Google

A. D.

I 7S8*

The twenty-eighth Tear of George IIL

CHAP. XXXV.

dn A3for the better Jecuring of Pur chafers of Lands y under Decrees in Courts of Equity.

Preamble. XT^T HE REAS purchafers of lands, tenements 2^

* * hereditaments, under decrees of courts of eqr.hr, are often fabjed to great difficulties in pt ocurf ng convey- | ances from the necefTary parties againft whom fuch decrees have been had ; for remedy whereof, be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent Majeily, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the authority Where courts of the fame, That wheie and in fuch cafes as his Majtfty’s •f chancery court of chancery, or his court of exchequer, hath or have fide%?CanCC<1 * decreed or ordered, or (hall decree or order a fair of any land^ *c7on	lands,, tenements, or hereditaments, or of	any term or in-

thcconveyance	tereft therein, and conveyances thereof to	be made, to or

of which dif- %r the purchafer or purchafers thereof, in cafe any difficulty may ficulty (hall arife refpecting the execution of any deeds or ns ife, party may	7	.	r	b	7

petition, ficc.	conveyances, by any proper and necefTary	party or partes

to fuch deed or conveyance, the party and	parties intereft-

ed in having fuch deeds or conveyances executed, may apply by motion or petition to fuch court refpedivcly, flating fuch difficulty, whereupon fuch court (hall and may enquire 1 into the fame, and in cafe it fhaU appear that any necefTary party or parties to fuch deeds or conveyances, bound by fuch decree or order as aforefaid, and who ought by virtue thereof to execute the fame, hath or have obltinately refufed, or decline to execute the fame, or cannot be found, or by being out of the reach of the proccfs of the court cannot be compelled in the ufual and ordinary way to obey fuch decree or order as aforefaid, or fuch order as the court fhaU make for executing fuch deeds and conveyances, whereby the title of fuch purchafer to the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any term or interefl in the fame may be rendered defective, the faid court of chancery in cafes in that court fhaU and may order one of the mailers of the faid court, and the faid court of exchequer (hall and may order the chief remembrancer, of the faid court to execute all fuch deeds and conveyances as aforefaid, by figning, fealing, and delivering the fame in tbe name or names of any fuch party or parties fo bound as aforefaid, and decteed or ordered to execute the fame, and fuch execution by fuch mailer or chief remembrancer refpe&ively, fhaU be, and be adjudged ft valid and cfFe&ual execution in law of fuch deeds and

cpnveyancct

Digitized

byCLoggfe

'_________



The twenty-eighth Tear of George III.

•onweyances by the fad party or parties who ought to lurre executed the famet and all fuch deeds and conveyances fo executed by fuch mailer or chief remembrancer as afore-faid, fhall operate as fully and effe&ually to convey all the eftate, right, title, and intereft of fuch party or parties, in whofe name or names the fame fhall be fo executed as'aforefaid, to all intents and purpofes what foe ver, an if fuch deeds and conveyances had been a&ually executed by fuch party 'or parties, in obedience to fuch decree or order as aforefaid, provided that fuch officer (hall have and deceive a fee of five (hillings and no more# for every fuch iigning and fealing by -him.

5*9

A. D. 1788.

GhAR XXXVL

An AB fo explain and "amend an AB made in the Fifth and Sixth TeOrt of HU prefent Majftf* George the Third) entitled, An AB for the encouraging the Cultivation, and for the better Prtfervaiion qf Trees* Shrubs, Plants* and /loots. '	'

WHERE A 8 by an a ft o t Parliament midein this SO. i.t^ kingdom in the eighth year of his Majefly George the Firfl, entitled, **na8for planting and preserving timber trees and Woods* alfo.for giving further encouragement to plant and preferve timber trees and woods* it was amongft other things ena&ed, that where any tenant or tenants for life Or lives, or years, of any lands in this kingdom of Ireland. (hall during bis, her, or their term, plant in or upon the fane, any trees of oak, a(h, beech# fir, walnut, elder, elm, poplar, abcal or birch, and (hall preferve the fame, fuch tenant or tenants, and his, her, or their executors, ad-miniftrators or affigns refpe&ively, fhall at the expiration of fuch term or eitate, be entitled to, and fhall have liberty* and is and are hereby authorized and empowered to fell and carry away for his and their ufe and benefit, one third part of the (everal kinds of fuch'trees fo by him, her, or them planted, and which (hall at that time be (landing ami/ piefervcd on the lands fo held in leafe as aforefaid: and whereas by an a€t made in this kingdom in the fiflh year of the reign of his late Majeily, King George the fecond, entitled, An aB to encourage the improvement of barren qgtd wjlc land and bogs, and planting of tinder trees and orchards*

9 was amongft other things enacted, That fueh tenant or ptrfon planting the kind of trees mentioned in the fad a6t

Vo*, viil	i	1	of



U

ritual

Digitized by Google

hr

r&6 O. rnn to extend 10 perfons who planted tree*,

Ire. m herein.

Provifo at to »cnewal of Wait.

Tie twe*if*tjbth Tear of George IIL

oF the eighth of George the Firft pttrfoant thereto, nifbl of foch third port, fhoukl have an equal moiety of all foch trees as he or they fliould thereafter plant in purfuanet of laid ad : and whereas many tenants and others holding lands within this kingdom, under, and fey virtue of leafes for life, lives, and years, having been encouraged by had ads to plant trees, did accordingly plant feveral trees oo their refpedive farms : and whereas by an ad of Parliament made in this kingdom in the fifth and fixth years of the reign of his prefect Majefty, entitled, An a3fir enemraging the cultivation, amd for the better frtfervatum of trees,finds, and Phots, and roo /, the faid ads of the eighth of George the r irft, and fifth of George the fecond, were among other ads thereby repealed, without fkving the rights of the tenants, or other pmons, their exceutots, adminiftrators, or afiigns, who planted trees purfuant to laid ads of the -eighth of George the firft, and the fifth of George the fecond, by means whereof much difeord, drfnnroo, and Uw»fuits may atife, be mowed and inftituted between landlords and tenants in this kingdom, touching their refpec-tive rights to fuch trees,, to the great detriment of this kingdom, and the tenantry thereof, in prevention whereof, and in order to ascertain the rights of fuch tenants and either periods who have heretofore planted any trees par* foant to (aid ads, from the time of fhc paffing of iucb ads of the eighth of George the firft, and fifth of George the fecond, until: the time faid ads were repealed, epoa ainy farms or lands held by letfe for lift, lives, or years, Within this kingdom s be k eaaded by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by aad with the advice and confent of the lords fpirkual and temporal, and commons in this pre-font Parliament afitmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That nothing m the faid ad of the fifth and fixth years of the rtign of his prefcnt Majtfiy, entitled, An a3 for encouraging the cultivation and for tie better preftrvahm of trees, Jbrubs, plants, and roots, (hall be deemed cooftrncd, taken, or extend to deprive any tenant or tenants, or other perfon or perfons, their executors, adminiffcrators or affigus, who planted any trees from the time of the making faid ads until the repealing thereof, from having taking and carrying away all foch part of fuch trees oo his, her, or their lands which were fo planted as aforefaid, and have the foil benefit thereof to all intents and purpofes as if the faid a£fe had never been repealed, any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.-

II.	Provided always, That the faid tenant or tenants having renewed his, her, or their leafe of the lands whereon fiich trees were planted finct the palling of fitid* ads, fcall

U

The tuxnty-elghth Tear of George III.

be no bar in law or equky to his or their having, receiving, or taking fuch part of fuch trees by him or them planted purfuant to faid ads, or one of them, as he or they? or his or their executors, adimniftrators, or afligns, by virtue of faid ads, if the fame were not reggjded, would be entitled to, any law, cultom, or ufage to th* contrary notwithdanding.

CHAP, xxxvir.

An AB for the better Prcfervation of Sheep, and the mare fpeedy Detection of Sheep Stealers.

WHEREAS the pradice of dealing iheep hath, Condafcle

from thq difficulty of convidion, very much cn- may fearch fuf-creafed; for .remedy whereof, be it enaded by the King’s P™-** houfe» mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent !£rj^2n# C* of the lords fpintOal and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the lame. That from and after the paffing of this ad, it lhall and may be lawful for any conllable or other perfon by warrant under the hand and ftal of any judice of the peace, founded upon information upon oath, to make fearch in all fufpeded houfes, out houfes, and places within the jurifdidion of fuch judice, for any (heep, hogget or hoggets, lamb or lambs, dolen or fuppofed to be Rolen, and if luch condable or other perfon fo authorized as afbrefaid, lhall find any fheep, hogget or hoggets, lamb or lambs, fo dolen or fufpeded to be ltolen, or any mutton, mutton fat, ikin or fleece of wool of any fheep, lamb, or hogget fo dolen or fufpeded to be ltolen, in the pofleffion, houfe, or out-houfc of any perfon fo fufpeded of dealing the fame,

©r receiving the fame being dolen, he (hall bring fuch fufpeded perfon or perfons before fuch judice of the peaqe, and if fuch fufpeded perfon or perfons (hall not make full and clear proof tp the fatisfadion of fuch judice, that fuch fheep, hogget or hoggets, lamb or lambs, mutton, mutton fat, ikin or fleece of wool, or all or any of them were fairly and honedly bought or otherwife come by, by fuch perfon or perfons, or given to him, her, or them, by th« ofrner or proprietor thereof and being convided of the fame, upon the oath of any one credible witnefs before fuch judice of the peace, fuch refpedive perfon or perfons being convided as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and pay fuch fum of tfnoney not exceeding five pounds for every (heep, hogget, lamb# piece of mutton, mutton fat, ikin or fleece of wool,

H

Digitized by Google

J3*

a.' ixf

The twenty-eighth Tear #/ George TIL

at to fuch juflicc fhaD feem reafonable, together with the charges previous to, ami attending fuch conviction, to be afeertained by fuch jnftice who (hall hare eonvided the offender oi offenders as aforefaid9 or trpon non-payment thereof, fuch juftice fhaD commit fuch offender or oienden to the common gaol or honfe of correction of the county in which fuch offence fhaD have been committed, by warrant tinder their hand and foal, there to remain without bail or mainpriae for any time not lefs than three weeks, nor exceeding three calendar months, or until the faid penalty and charges fo afcertaiaed as aforefaid, fhaD be paid, one moiety of fuch pecuniary penalty, and the charges fo afcertained to be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to be divided by the juftice of the peace before whom fuch conviction ha been made, m equal portions between the poor of the pa-rifh, and the conftable or conftables who fhall appear to faid jufticj to have been raoft active in carrying the intent of tha act into execution.

If. Provided always. That nothing herein contained fhaD prevent any perfon or perfons not protecuting- under this, act, from having fuch remedy as is provided by the laws now m being againft fhcep dealing, any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithffanding.

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Aa for ufing the Court-Houfes of Counties at l*rgtf md Counties of Cities where ftuate within the PrecsnSs of the fame Counties, for the Ptsrpofes of hath Counties, and for declaring that Gaols for Counties at large, ftuate within Counties of Cities, Jbatt he deesned Part of fuck Counties at large.

Preamble. \/\7^ H E R E A S the court-hoofes of fevend counties at V V large in tins kingdom are now fituate within the precinds of countieslof cities, and counties of towns, and there are alfb in fuch counties of cities and towns, court-houfes appropriated to fuch counties of cities and town refpedivefy, and it would tend much to the pubtfek eonww nience, that fuch court-hoofes fhould be ufed as occafion may require, for the purpofes of both counties s be it therefore cna&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament alTero* Wed, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the pafling of this ad, wherever the court-houfes for

Couatia

The Muentj^eighth Tear of George III.	53$

bounties at large, and counties of cities or towns, Dow are, A. D. or hereafter may be erefted within theprecin&s of a county 1788. of a city, or county of a town, it (hall and may be lawful for the judges, or judge of aflize, and commiflioners or . Jud£C8» P*c-commiffioner of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, and ■ Jr% *^7 juft ice 8 of the peace refpt&ively, to tranfa& all bufinefs court-houre*11 -appertaining refpe&ively to the affizes, and to the fcfiiont where moil cor-of the peace of fuch counties at large, Or counties of cities, venient, &c. in either one or the other of fuch court-houfes as may be *• ^BieiD* moil convenient, and alfo for the fheriff and (heriffs of fuch counties, and their deputies refpe&ively, to hold the elections for members to reprefent fuch counties in Parliament refpedtively, in either or both of fuch court-houfes, as oc-cafiou may require, and fuch court-houfes, and each of them (ha^be^pnfidered as part of the county at large, or county o^ffie Sty or town for the purpofes afore faid.

II.	And whereas gaols of counties at large now are, and Oaolsas hereafter may be crc&ed within counties of cities, or coun- herein dee me 1 tics of towns: be it ena&ed, That where gaols for conn- P*rt °* 909 9t ties at large, now are, or hereafter (hall be ere&ed within the county of a city or town, the feite on which fuch gaols do or (hall (land, together with fuch inclofures as now are* or hereafter may be made for the health and convenience of the debtors and prifoners therein confiaed, (hall be confides ed as part of the county at large to which fuch gaob do or (hall belong refpe&ively, (o long as the (hoc (ball be ufed at the gaols of fuch counties at huge.

CHAP. XXXIX*

A* A8 for building a nrw and convenient GaolfUrtho County of Cork9 and for other Purpofes relative to the faid County*

•

XX7HEREAS the prefent gaol of the (aid county fs preamble.

* * narrow and inconvenient, and not fuSciently large for the reception and fafe keeping of the number of pri*

{oners ufually confined therein, and is moreover m a con* fined and unhealthful fituationV and whereas a healthful and convenient piece of ground may be had to the city of Cork, or the fuburbs thereof, for the purpofe of ere&ing a new gaol for the faid county of Cork ; provided that proper perfons be legally impowered to treat for and purenafe fuch ground; and whereas the grand jury of the county of Cork* at the laft afiiaes held for faid county,, did nomi* nate the high fheriff of the faid county for the time being, the right honourable Richard carl of Shannon, the right Tsuflees, ,	honourable.

Digitized by

>y Google

7he twenty-eighth Tear of George ItL

Bonotirable Hayes lord vifeount DoneraHe, the knights of the (hire of the fald county for the time being, the honourable and reverend Charles Broderick, fir Emanuel Moore, baronet, fir Nicholas Conway Colthnrfl, baronet, fir Jama Laurence Cotter, baronet, fir Jofcph Hoare, baronet, fir Henry Mannix, baronet, Emicis Bernard, efqnire, Broderick Chinnery, efquire, John Townfhend, efquire, Denham Jephfon, efquire, James Kearney, efquire, Jama Uniack, efquire, Henry Cox, efquire, Rogerfon Cotter^ efquire, Sampfon Stawell, efquire, William Worth Newen-ham, efquire, Edward Deane Freeman, efquire, Robert Uniack Fitzgerald, efquire, and Thomas Newenham, efquire, on the part of the faid county, to be commiifionps or truftees for the purpofe not only of purehafinga convenient and ptoper piece, of ground whereon to new gaol, but aUo of defigning, ordering, dire&ing, Ttt-peiintending, and infpe£lin^, contracting and agreeing for the building the faid gaol in fuch feite, according to fach plan, and iu fuch manner as the faid commiffioners, or their fucceffors, or any fix or more of them {hall think property appoint, and alfo for fupplying the faid gaol with whole* Come and fufiicient water 5 be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellept Majcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the* lords fpiritual and temporal* and common^ yj this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority . of the fame, That the high (heriff of the county of Cork fame mointe for tbc ^jire being, the faid Richard earl of Shannon, comnu 0	,	jor(j v|fcount Doneraile, the knights of the (hire of

the faid county for the time being, the honourable and reverend Charles Broderick, fir Emanuel Moore, baronet, fir Nicholas Conway Colthurft, baronet, fir James Lawrence Cotter, baronet, fjr Jofcph Hoare, baronet, fi< Henry Mannix, baronet, Francis Bernard, Broderick Chinnery, John Townfend, Denham Jephfon, James Kearney, James Uniack, Hemy Cox, Rogerfon Cotter, Sampfon Stawell, A^illiam Worth Ncwnham, Edward' Jleane Freeman, Robert Uniack Fitzgerald* and Thomas Newnham, efquires, or any fix or more of them, (hall be, and arc htrtby appointed comipi{Gcners» with full power and authority for laying out, defigning, making, building, and ercCting a proper and fufiicient gaol or prifon c.f and For the faid county of Cork, with proper and fufficicnt yards, courts, out-ofiicet, and conveniencies, pafiages, and avenues for the fame, and for fupplying the faid gaol or prifon at sfll times with a fufficiency of good and wholeforoe water for tlie ufe of the faid gaol, and for that purpofe that they the £aid^ compiiflioners and their fucccffon, and

• a°y

Tie ttoemy^jib Tear of George III.

515

moj fix or more of them, from and after the paffing of this a&, (hall and may have, exercife and enjoy the lame powers and pririleget of entering into the grounds of any perfon or perfons in the county of (aid city of Cork, (houfes, gardens, orchards, and yards excepted) and for making refervoirs, trerfehes, and water-courfes in the faid grounds, for the carrying a conftant and fufficient fupply of water for the ufe of (aid gaol, and of repairing the laid refervoirs and water-courfes, and of digging and cut* ting through the ftud grounds, and for fixing and laying pipes in and through the fame, and through all ways, pal-tages, lands, ftreets, and other places, in fuch manner, and with fuch and the like powers of raining and purchafing fuch grounds, or the damages done to the fame, as are given to the mayor, (heriffs, and commonality of the city af Cork, in and by two feveral ads of parliament pafTed in the fifth and twenty-fixth years Of his prefent Majefty's reign, for the better fupplying the faid city of Cork with water, and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid commiffioners, or their fucceflors, or any fix or more of them, to lay out, defign, aflign and appoint how and in what manner the laid gaol, and the yards, courts, out-offices, conveniendes, pafiages, and avenues of the fame, (hall be built, ere&ed, and made, and with what materials, pod in what particular fdte and fituation, and upon what particular piece or plot of ground in the faid dty of Corky or the fuburb8 or liberties thereof, whether fuch piece or plot of ground be then built upon or not, and how and in what manner to be fupplied with water, and how the (aid gaol, and the feveral buildings, courts, out-offices, conveniendes, pafiages, and avenues of the fame refpe&ively, may and (hall from time to time be preferved and kept in good repair and order, and to make contracts and agreements for and concerning the fame, and to do all other matters and things requifite for carrying on and effe&ing the purpofea directed by this a& to be done, and for cau(-ing the fame to be effe&ually perfected as to them (hall feem meet,

II, And.be it further enacted by the authority afore-laid, That the commiffiooers afore fa id, or their fucceflors, or any fix or more of them, (hall and may meet and af-fcrable themfelves at the court-houfe or grand jury room of the (aid county of Cork, on the firft Monday in the month of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, and afterwards at fuch times, and at fuch places ut the faid county of Cork, or in the county of the city ™Cork, as. they (hall from time to time think proper ; and that it (hall and may be lawful ta and foe the (aid cotnmilSoners, or

their

powers.

Meetings.

(

I

£roijmd of

fronting the tnain ftreet to be left open.

remainder pelted in com-•nflioncri, Ac.

perfons inter sited may lell.

The twenty-eighth Tear of George TIL

their fucceffori, or any fix or more of them* to coctxaft and agree to and with all bodies politick or corporate* whether aggregate or foie truftees, or committees of bo-tics or idiots, executors, adminiftrators, or guardians what* foeves* not only for and on behalf of them Selves, thdr heirs and fucceflors, but alfo for and on behalf of eeftmqm trulls, whether of infants or ilfue unborn, lunatieks* idiots, femes covert, or other perfons, and to and with all femes covert feized in their own riglpt, and to and w ith all perfons feized of, or in any manner intereiled in, or entitled to any or interell wha^tCoever in any grounds, houfes, tenements, e& fices, creations, or buildings, which by the faid comraiffios-ers, or their fucceflors, or any fix or more of them* (haO be fixed upon and appointed as and for the fate and Ifruatida for building, crewing, and making the f?id gaol or prifoe, and the feveral courts, yards, out-offices, conveniences, ptf-fages and avenues of the fame, for the abfolute purebafe of faid grounds, houfes, tenements, edifices, ere&ions or bri&d^ mgs, and for fupplying the fi d gaol or pHfon with water/

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority afbrc^ laid, That fo rjrmch of the feite or ground on which the pre-fent gaol of the faid county of Cork now Hands* as is in front; of the main ftreet of faid city of Cork, and of an equal breadth with the faid ftreet (hall, from and after the building of faid, r\ew gaol, for ever thereafter be left open, and be part of the faid main'ftreet, and be, and continue a p*ublick paflage, for the ufe of the publick, and that the remainder of the feite or ground oh which the faid prefent gaol now Hands, and all timber. Hones, bricks, tiles, flates, pJUmks, iron, lead, gbfs, and all materials belonging or appertaining to the faid present gaol, (hall be, and the fame are hereby vefled in tlie faid^ commiflioners, and the faid commiflioners, and their fuccef-fors, or any fix or more of them, are hereby required tocaule the faid prefent gaol to be taken down when and as foon as the faid new gaolis built and finiified proper for the reception of prifoners, £nd fhe prisoners confined at fuch time in the prefent gaol (hall have been removed and committed to the laid new gaol, and (ball thereupon caufe fuch timber, ftpnes, bricks, tiles, Hates, planks, iron, lead, glafs, and materials, and alfo the remainder of the faid. lot of ground whereon the prefent gaol now Hands after leaving fuch publick paflage as aforefaid, to be fold for the beft pt 'ce that can he had for the fame, and to apply the net prodpee thereof towards defraying the expences which (hall be incurred by ere&ing the faid int^ed new gaol, and purchafing the ground whereon the fame is to be erected and built.

IV.	And be it fuither enabled bj the authority aforefaid* That it (hall and may be lawful to and for att bodies politick

aad

Jtiry

iumrooi if

fuf.'I made of

Ti* twenty-eighth Year of George III.

4ltid corporate, truftees, guardians of infants, committees of lunaticksor idiots> femes covert* with their hufbands, and all other perfon$ whatfocyer, who are or (hall be feized or po(-feffed of, interefted in, or entitled unto any eftatc or intereft in any manner whatfoever in the grounds, houfes, tenements, edifices, erections or buildings, which by the faid commifii-onen, or their fucceffora, or any fix or more of them, (hall -fee thought neceffary to be purebafedfor any of the purpofe* of this a&, by deeds indented and enrolled, to foil and convey all or any fuch grounds, houfes, tenements, edifices, erections or buildings, or any part thereof, and all the refpective eftates and interefis therein, to the faid commiffioners, or their fucceffors, and that all contra&s, agreements, bargains, fairs, and conveyance^ which (hall be fo made by inch perfoqs as aforefaid, (hall be goof) an^ valid in law, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

'V- And be it further ena^ed by the authority aforefaid, Thai if any perfon or perfons, bodies politic or corporate, or other perfon+or perfons, having or dairying any eiiate, title, term, or intereff in, or. to fuch grounds, houfes, tenements, edifices, erections, or buildings as aforefaid, (hall refufe to agree with the faid cpmmtifioner?, or their fupceffors, or any fix or more of them, for the fale and conveyance of their ref-pedive rights, titles, terms, and interefls therein, orjhall no| produce or evince a dear title tq fuch eftate, rights, titles, terms, or interefts, as they claim, tp the fatisfadion of the faid commifioners, or tbeh* fucceffors, or any fix or more of them, then, and in fuch Cafe, it (haU and may be lawful to and ibr the faid commifitoners, and their fucceffors, or any fix or jporc of them, and they arc hereby empowered and authorized, from time to time* to iffue a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, to the (fcerifF of the county of Cork, who is hereby authorized, dire&ed, and required accordingly to impannel, fummon, and return a competent number of fub-ftantial perfons qualified to ferve on juries, not lefs than fixty, being free holders of the county of Cork, or of tbecounty of the city, or partly, confiding of both, out of which perfon* fo to be impanneUed, fummoned, and returned, a jury of twelve perfons fbalj be drawn by fome perfon, to be by the (aid commiflioners, or their fucceffors, or any fix or more of them, appointed in fuch manner as juries for the trials of if-fiies joined in his Majefty’a four courts at Dublin, by an a& zpade in the twenty-ninth year of hts late M/ajefty king George the fecond, entitled, An for the letter regulating juries, are diredled to be drawn, which perfons fo to be impannelkd* Summoned, and returned as aforefaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the faid commiflioners, or their fucr ceffors, or any fix or more of them, at fuqh time and place af 3-	‘ im

Digitized by

Google

Thtwmt^kb Tear George I1L

ia M warrant or warranty precept or precepts, Ul be dk rcftcd and appointed, and to attend the (aid comoufficmenb or their fbcccflbrs, or any fix or more of them, till difcbargw ed by the (aid commi(Boners, or their fucceflors, or any fix or more of them, and all perfonsoaocenied, (hall and may have tbdr lawful challenges agaipft 'any of the laid jury men, but&afl not be at liberty to challenge the array.

_	^	^ VIf Provided always, That no fuch challenge (hall be ta-

^fc^hcMer of ken, nor any vtrdi A of fuch jury be impeached or impeacha-Se ^icr mat be ^or? °* OD *ccounto^ an7 freeholder of the county of the returned. * city of Cork, being fo impanneiled, fummoned, or returned on the (aid jury by the (heriff of the county of Cork.

VII.	And be it further enalted by the authority afore* On default of (aid. That in all cafes of trials by juries before the fold com* “Hfioners, or their fucceffors, or any fix or more of them, tummooed,	where a foD jury (hall not appear befoae them, or where after

the appearance of a full jury, it (hall fo happen, either by means of challenges, or otherwife, that there (hall be a do- ‘ fault of twelve jurors for fuch trial, it (hall and»may be law* ful to and for the (aid commifiioners, or their fucceflors, or any fix or more nf them, to command the (heriff of the conn* ty of Cork to impannel fo many perfons of the foid county of Cork, or of the (aid city of Coik, or fuhurbs thereof, as (hall make upafulljory of twelve men, which perfons fo to be impaa* neQed, Audi be added to the former pannel, and all parties in-tcrefled in fuch trial, (hall have their challenges to the jurors fo added to the former pannel, as if they had been originally fummoned, and the fold commiffioncr*, or their fucceffors, or ar.y fix or more of them, are hereby authorized and impow-ered by precept or precepts, from time to time as occafioa (hall require, to call before them all and every perfon and per* foils whatfoever, who (hall be thought proper or necefiary to be examined as a witnefs or wit Defies before them on tbeir rath or oaths touching or concerning the premiffea ; and the foid comm:(Turners, or their fucceflors, or any fix or more of them, if they think fit, (hall and may likewise authorize and require the foid jury to view the foid grounds, boufes, tenements, or buildings intended to be valued or purchased, and the foid comxniffiooers, or their fucceflors, or anj fix or more of them, (hall have power to adjourn fuch meeting from day to day, and place to place as occasion (hall require, and to command fuch jury, witneffes, and parties to attend, until the feufraefs for which they (ball be fo fummoned by virtue of this a&, (hall be concluded, and the (aid jury (hall upon their Oaths (which oaths as alfo the oaths to fuch perfon or per-v font as (hall be called upon to give evidence, the foid com* miffioners, tor their fucceflors, or any fix or more of them* are hereby required and empowered to admiuiffer,) foidft

truly*

I

Digitized b'

Jgqgl^

The tnvenfy-dghtb Tear of George III#

ffnlyi and impartially enquire of fbe value of fuch grounds, houfes, tenements, and buildings, and of the refpe&ive eftate, right, title, term and iqtereft of every perfdfc or perfons feized ft pofFefFcd thereof, oHRterefted therein, Or of or in any part thereof, and (hall afFefa or award the fum or dims to be paid to every fuch perfon or perfons for thepurchafc offoch them rcfpe&fvc edates, rights, titles, t£rms and interefts, and tfop faid commiffioners, or their fuccefTors, or any fix or more oif them, (hall and may give judgment tor fuch fum and fnms fo to be aCTeffcd, which faid yerdift or verdi&s, and the (aid judgment, decree^ or determination thereupon (notice ip Writing being given to the perfon or perfohs inferefted at Jepft fiiurteep days beforp tjie time of the ftrft meeting of the faid jury, declaring the time and place of fuph meeting of the faid commiffioners and jury, by leaving fuch notice at the dwelling-houfe of fuch perfon or perfons, or at his, her, dr their ufual place or places of abode, or with feme tenant dr occppier of the houfes, buildings, or ground intended to be valued or aflefTed in cafe fuch party cannot be found in the county of the city of Cork, to be fervcd with fuch notice,

(ball be binding and conclufive to all Intents and purpofeq Whatfoever, a gain ft all bodies politic or corporate, infants,

Iunaticks, idiots, ferhes covert, and perfons under any legal difability, and againft all and every perfon and perfons what-foever, his, her, or their heirs, fuccefTors, executors or admi-niftrators, having or claiming, or to have or claim any eftate^

Tight, truft, ufe, or intereft in, to, or out of the faid grounds, houfes, tenements, buildings, and premifies, either in pofieffi-on, reverfion, remainder, or expectancy, or in any manner whatfoever which faid verdi6ts, judgment and decrees, and all other proceedings of t^e faid commiffioners, or their fuccef* fors, or any fix or more of them, and fuch judgments to be . . made, given and pronounced as aforefaid, (hallbe fairly writ- be*wi5caon* ten on parchment, and figned and fealed by the major pvt of parchment, &c# the faid commiffioners who were prefent and pronounced fuch judgments and decrees ; and all verifies of the faid juries, and all judgments, decrees, orders, and other proceedings of the faid commiffioners, or their fuccefTors, or any fix or more of them, or of the major part of them then prefent, (hall be entered in the roHs-office pf his Majefty’s high court of chan*, eery, and tfye fame or true copies thereof, (hall be deemed and taken to be good evidence thereof in any court of lawo^ equity whatfoever.

VII|. And be it further eroded by the authority afane-faid, That upon payment of fipch fum and Turns of money, fo to be awarded and adjudged, the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be fo awarded for the purchafe of thp (aid grounds, houfes, ttnerhenti, buildings, or for tb» pur-

'•	chafe

proceedings tp bcrcgifUrcd.

Digitized by (^rOOQle

The twenty-eighth Tear of George III.

chafe of any cftatc, right, title, term or intereft thereat (hall make and execute, or procure to be made and execo* ted to the laid oommiffionert, or their fucceffors, a good and fufficipnt conveyance or convqmces, thereby granting, releafing, or affigning to the faia commiffioners, or their fucceffois, the faid ground#, houfea, tenements, or buildings, and of all fuch eftatc, right, title, term, or intered, for the purchafe of which, fusih fum or fums of money (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid, and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons to whom fuch fum or fums of money (hall have been fo awarded as aforefaid, (hall not be able to evince his, her or their title to the premiffes, to the (aid commiffioners, or their fucceffors, or to make or procure to be made, fuch val id and legal conveyance or conveyances thereof, to the faid commiffioners or their fucceffors, or (hall refufe fo to do, being thereunto required, and fuch fum or fums fo af-feffed and awarded as aforefaid, being rendered to be paid to him, her, or them, on their making fuch title, and exe-r curing or procuring to be executed fuch conveyance or conveyances as aforefaid, or in cafe fuch perfon or perfons to whom fuch fum or fums of money (hall be awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found in the faid county of the city of Cork, or in cafe by reafon of difpute or differences, or for deftd of evidence, it (hall not appear to the faid commiifi* oners, or their fucceflors, or any fix or more of them, what perfon or perfons is or are entitled to the premiffes in quedion, then and in every fuch cafe as aforefaid, it (haQ and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners and their fucceffors, or any fix or more of them, to pay into and depofit in the bank of Ireland, the faid fum or fums fo affeffed or awarded, as the value of and purchafe money for the faid grounds, houfes, tenements, and buildings} and his Majedy’s high court of chancery in this kingdom is hereby empowered in a fummary way, upon the feveral pc^

„	tit ions of th$ rcfpe&ive parties, to hear, judge of, and de-

termine, well by examination of wittieffcs upon oath, as by all other ways and means which the faid court (hall think proper, the feveral rights, claims, and demands of all per-ions intereded in, or unto the feveral grounds, hcuifes, tenements, and buildings, which (hall be fo valued, and to afeertain and make orders for the payment unto fuch perfon and perfons refpe&ively, according to their feveral io-tereds of fuch (hare .and proportion of fuch purchafe money as the faid court of chancery (hall judge fit, which judgment in fuch cafe (hall be final and conclufive, and immediately upon fuch payments and entry of, fuch verdicts of the faid juries, and judgments, fentences, de-trees, orders, and other proceedings of the faid commif-fioqcrs, or their' fucccffore, or any Cix or more of' them

*

#4P

A- D.

1788. Chap. 39.

Conveyance

The twnty-eighth Tear of George III.

54*

«S aforefaid, all the eftatc, tight, title, term, intereft, ufe, troft, property, claim,"and demand in law and ill equity, of the perfon or perfons for whofe ufe fdch money (hall be

da9 aforefaid, in, to, and out of the faid grounds. Tea, tenements, buildings, and premises, (hall veft in the faid commiHioners, and their fucceffors, and they (hall be deemed in law to be in the adtual feizin and pofftffrion thereof, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as fully and cffe&ually as if every perfon having any eftate in the premises, had a&ually conveyed thr farie to the faid commif-fioners by leafe and releafe, bargain and fale, enrolled feoffment, with livery and feizin, fine and recovery* or by any other legal conveyance whatfoever, and fuch payment (hall not only bar all right, title, claim, and demand of the perfon and perfons to whofe ufe fuch payments was made, but alfo (hall extend to and be deemed, and conftrued to bar the dower and dowers of the wife and wives of fuch perfon and perfons, and all eftates tail, and all eftates 2n remainder or reverfion, and alfo the iffue and iffues of fuch perfon and perfon9, and every perfon claiming under them, as effectually as a fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, would do, if levied or fuffered by the proper parties in due form of law.

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore- Femes covsrt (aid. That in cafe any feme covert, is, or (hall be feized in feized in fee fee-fimple, or in fee-tau, of any fuch lands, tenements, or (h»pl*» fee. hereditaments fo to be purchased as aforefaid by the faid commilfioners, or of any intereft in the fame, to her fepa-

rate ufe, free from the controul or intermeddling of her hufband, the purchafe money arifing from the fale of fuch eftate or intereft of fuch feme covert, on the conveyance of fuch eftate or intereft, to the faid commi(fioners, and their fucceffors, (hall be paid to fuch perfon or perfons, as (he (hall in writing tinder hand nominate to receive the fame, in truft to be re-invefted in lands, tenements, or herodita-% ments, to be* conveyed as aforefaid, and fettled for fuch # ufe, eftatc and intereft, as the fame feme covert had in the premiSes fo purchafed by the faid commiffioners or their fucceffors.

X,	* And be it further ena&ed J>y the authority aforefaid,

That the conveyance of any eftate or intereft to the faid	lftct

Commiffioners, or their fucceffors, by bargain and fale, and making efiee* enrolled in the rolls-oflice of his Majefty’s high court of tual.

Chancery of Ireland, within fix months after the making thereof, (hall as effedually and abfolutely convey the eftate of the perfon fo conveying, as aay fine or recovery would or could do, if levied or fufffred in due fotm of law.

XI.	And	J

Digitized by LiOOQle

54*

A* D 1788. Chap. 39.

will, &c. to deliver op pof fcffi00 at herein, *c.

Mortgages to be lipied on payment.

Tit tvwttf+gbth Tvtr if George III.

XL And be it further eoaded by the authority afoot* Dud, Tiiat every tenant at will, or lefiet for a year, or from year to year only, in podeffion of any fuch grounds, boufes, or buddings, or any part thereof, which (hall be purchafed by the laid commiffioners, or their fucceffjrs, as aforefaid, (hall deliver up the podeffion of fuch premiffrs immediately to the faid commiffioners, or their fucceflbrs, or to fuch perfon as the faid commiffioners, or their fuccef-Ion, or any fix or more of them ihall appoint to take pof-ieffion of the fame, in cafe the laid commiffioners, or their fuccedors, or any Ox or more of them, or fuch perfon authorized by them, (hall pay or tender to him, her, or them, fin months rent of the faid preraides, or in cafe the laid commiffioners or their fuccedors, or any fix or more of them, (hall give him, her, or them (lx months notice to quit fuch podeffion, then fuch perfon or perfons in poflefE-cp, (hall at the end of the faid fix months, or as loon after as he, (he, or they (hall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the podeffion of the faid premifies to the laid commiffioners or their fucceflbrs, or any perfon or perfons authorized by the laid commiffioners, or their fuccedors, or any fix or more of them, to take podeffion thereof, and that in cafe any fuch perfon or perfons in podeffiou as aforefaid, (hall refufe to give up fuch podeffion as aforefaid, then it (hall and maybe lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or their fuccedors, or any fix or more of them as aforefaid, to ifiiie their precept or precepts to the ffieriffs of the county of the city of Cork aforefaid, commanding them by virtue of this aft, to deliver pjffiffion of the laid premises to fuch perfon or perfoos as ihall ip fitch precept or precepts be nominated to receive the fame; and the laid (hcriffs are hereby required to deliver fuch pofieffiou of the laid pre-mifies accordingly.

XII.	And be it further cnaded by the authority afore-laid, That all fums of money, or other rccompence, confederation or Catisfadion to be paid and made purfuant to any fuch agreement or verdid as aforefaid, and ado all fuch cods and charges as (hail be expended in obtaining and palling this ad, and alfo all fuch cods, charges, andexpences, as the faid commiffioners, or any of them (hell be at, or put to in the execution of the trufis aqd powers hereby veiled in them, (hall be paid out of fuch monies as the laid com-miffioners, or their fuccedors, or any fix or more of thqn, fhall receive and be paid, for the purpofes of this ad in manner herein after mentioned.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the aidhprity afore-laid. That all and every perfon ami perfons who (hall have qny mortgage or mortgages oft the faid grounds, houfes,

buddings,

Digitized by

>°°gk-

* S'*

The twenty-eighth Tear of George III.

buildings, and premifles fo to be purchafed, or any of them, or who (hall have any jndgment or judgments, or other incumbrances upon, or affe&ing the fame, or any part thereof, (hall upon the tender and payment of the principal money and intereft due thereon by the faid commiffiooers, or their fucceffors, or any fix or more of them, or by fudh perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint, immediately affign fuch mortgage or mortgages, judgment or judgment*, or other incumbrances, to the faid commiffiooers, or their fuc-ceffors, or any (ix or more of them, or to fuch perfon or perfons as they, or any (ix or more of them (hall appoint in ttuft for them; tmd in cafe fuch mortgagee or mortgagees# judgment creditors, or other perfons entitled to laid incumbrances, (hall have notice in writing from the fid commit lionets, or their fucceffors, or any fix or more of them, that they will pay off and diicharge the principal, intereft ,and cofts, if any, which (hall he due on the faid mortgage or mortgages, judgment or judgments, and other incumbrances, at the end or expiration of fix months, to be computed from fuch notice given, and 'that at the end of the laid fix months, on tender of payment of the principal, intereft and cofts fo due, fuch mortgagee or mortgagees, judgment creditors, or other perfons entitled to the laid incumbrances, (hall refufe, negkdl, or omit to affign the fame as aforefaid, on fuch tender or payment, then and in fuch cafe, all intereft on every fuch mortgage or mortgages, judgment or judgments, or other incumbrances as aforefaid,

Ihafi from thenceforth ceafe and determine.

XIV.	And be k further eua&ed by the authority afbre-faid, That upon paymeot of the principal and intereft and ney to be lodged cofts, if anjr due, on any mortgage/or mortgages, jndgment {“**?“*» ** or judgments, dr other incumbrances as aforefaid, into the an" bank of Ireland, at the end of fix months, from fach notice as aforefaid, for the ufe of the mortgagee or mortgagee^ judgment creditors, or other perfons entitled to faid incumbrances as aforefaid, all the eftate, right, thle, intereft, ufe,. truft, property, claim and demand of the (aid mortgagee or mortgagees, judgment creditofs, and other perfons entitled to faid incumbrances, and of every perfon and perfons in truft for him, her, or them, (hall veft in the laid commiffioners, or the fucceffori of them, and they (hall be deemed to be in the a&ual fcifin or poffeffion of the (aid grounds, houfes, buddings, and premifles, comprized in luch mortgage or mortgages, or whereon the laid judgment or judgments, or other incumbrances is or are a charge or lien, and (hall hold the fame difchaiged and exonerated from faid mortgage or mortgages, judgments, and other incumbrances as aforefaid.

XV.	And

Pnrchafe i

Digitized by v^ooQle

’ CoBtfniffion-irnpolt farmhcroa.

Msy appoint

r;

jt fioLper

The twenty-eighth Tear of George III.

XV* And be it further enacted by the authority afareffcid* That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid coratnif-fioners, or their fucceftors, or any fix or more of them, from time to time, to impofe any reafonable fine not exceeding the fum of twenty pounds on any (hertff or (heriffs, or tlieir deputy or deputies, bailiffs or agent® refpeftivcly,who (hall make default in thepremifles, and on any perfon or perfons who (hall be fummoned and returned on any fuch jury or juries* who (halt not appear, and alfo on any witnefs or witnefles who (hall not attend, or (hall refufe to be fworn, or to give evidence to the faid commiffionere, or their fueceffors, or any (ix or more of them, and on any perfon or perfons fummoned and returned on arty fuch jury or juries, who (hall refufe to be fworn on any fuch jury or juries, or to give his or their verdift,or (hall in any other manner wilfully negleft his or their duty in or touching the premifies, and from time to time to levy fuch fine or fines by order of the faid commiflioners or their fuc-ccffors, or any fix or more of them, as afoiefaid, as the cafe may require, by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods, U* gether with the reafonable charges of every fuch diftrefs and fale, returning the overplus, if any, to the owner : and all fuch fines which (hall be fo recovered and received, (had be applied towards the purpofes of this a ft*

XVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid com-mifiioners and their fueceffors, or any fit or more of them, at anytime or times heieafter by writing under their hands and feals, to nomina:e and appoint Inch perfon to he treafurer and clerk as rhey (hall think fit, for receiving and paying the monies, to be received and paid purfuant to the faid aft, and Tot fuch other purpofes as may be neccffary to be done in the execution of the powers and authorities hereby given to the faid commiifioners, provided that no fuch treafurer or clerk (hall at any time be a commifiioner under this aft, which ticafur-* cr and clerk (hall from time to time be re moveable, and may be removed at the will and pleafure of the faid commiflion-frs and their fueceffors, or any fix or more of them, by in-ftrument in writing uf.der their hands and feals, and that the /aid commiflioners and their fueceffors, or any fix or more of them, (ball and may make fuch allowance or falary unto fuch treafurer and clerk, for his care and pains in the execution of his faid office or offices out of the money to be raifed, purfiv ant to this aft, as the faid commiflioners, and their fueceffors, or any fix or more of them (hall think reasonable, cot exceeding the yearly fum of Gxty pounds, and the faid treafurer and clerk, (hail upon his oath when required, give in a true, exaft, and perfeft account in writing, under his hand, from time to time, of all monies which bp (hall have received, paid,

aai

Digitized by i^ooQle

The tweniy-eigbih Tear of George III.

545

and dilburfed by virtue of this ad, or by reafon of his (aid A. D. office or offices, which oath the faid commiffioners, and their 1788. fucceflbrs, or any fix or more of them, are hereby empower- Chap, 39. ed to adminiftef, and (hall alfo account for the fame at each V— affi* * herein after mentioned.	a

XVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore* faid. That for the purpofe of always continuing a fufficient jn capc 0p number of competent perfons to be commillioners for the put- death, dec. new ting in execution the powers and trufts contained in this ad, commiffioners when any of the faid commiffioners herein after named, (hall die, or refufe to ad, the futviving or remaining commiffioners fo nominated, and from time to time to be nominated, or any fix or more of them, (hall by inftrument in writing, under their hands and feals from time to time, nominate and ap~ point in the room of fuch commiffioner or commiffioners fo nominated, or to be nominated, who (hall die, or refufe to ad, a like number of competent perfons to be commiffioner or commiffioners in his or their place and (lead, and that ere- . ry new commiffioner fo to be appointed, (hall from thenceforth have full power and authority to ad, and <]p all things relating to all matters and things in this ad mentioned, as folly to all intents as any of the faid commiffioners hereby appointed, may or can ad or do.

XVIIlk And be it further enaded by the authority afore-laid, That ifanyadion (hall be brought, orfuit commenced againft any perfbn or perfons for any thing to be done in Soft to b* . purfuance of this ad, or in relation thereto, every fuch adion. or fuit (hall be brought and commenced within fix rroaths after months ntxt after the fad done, and the venue thereof (hall fa& ; be laid in the county of Cork, or county of the city of Cork, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in fuch adion may plead the general iflue, and give this ad, and the special matter therein contained in evidence on any trial to be had thereupon; and if a vdrdid (hall be given for the defendant in fuch adion, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become non-fuited, or fuffer a di(continuance of hi*9, her, or their adion or a&ions,~or if upon demurrer judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or ddfendants Stall have and recover double cofts.

XIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid. That the (aid new gaol fo to be built and ereded for Gaoj the faid county of Cork, fhaH when fo built and ereded, to- part of county gethcr with the ground whereon the fame (hall be built, and Cork, fJteof aft courts, yards* out-offices, buddings, and appurtenances n? longer thereunto belonging, be deemed, taken, and for ever ad- pa 0 coun f * judged to be part of the county of Cork at large, to all intents aAd purpofes, and that the feite or ground whereon the Vol. VIII.	Mm	prefent

Digitized by

The twenty-eighth Tear of George lit.

A. D.

1788. Chap. 39.

prifoiKrs to be removed u herein.

ex pence paid by county;

Treasurer to fund over pre-lwii:ntem> paid

prefen t gaol of the faid county of Cork now ftands, fhafl from thenceforth ceafe to be a part of the faid county of Cork at large, and (ball from thenceforth for ever thereafter be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be part of the county of the city of Cork, any charter, lawyor ufage to the cootrar^there-of in any wife notwithftanding.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* faid, That when the faid gaol fo to be built and ere&ed for the county of Cork aforefaid, (hall be made fit for the reception and fafe keeping of fuch debtors, felons, and other prifoners as may be lawfully confined and imprifoned therein, and on the faid commiffioners, or their fucceffors, or my fix or more of them, giving notice in writing thereof to the Ibc-riff of the faid county, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid (herifF to remove to fuch new gaol all fuch debtors, felons, and other prifoners as (hall be then in cuftody, and the ex-pcnce of fuch removal or removals from the prefent gaol or prifon to the faid new gaol or prifon, fhall be allowed and paid to fuch fheriff by the (aid county 5 and fuch removal or removals (hall not be deemed or taken to be an efcape or cfcapes : And in order to defray the expences of budding, ere&ing, making and finithing the faid gaol, and the courts, yards, out-offices, buildings, convenicncies, pailages and avenues of the fame, and of purchafing fiich grounds, honfes, buildings, tenements, hereditaments, and premifies for the purpofes of this a6t: and alfo for defraying tbc expences attending the obtaining and palling thisa&, and all other the necelfary cfcpenccs of the faid commiffioners and their fucceffors, in carrying the fame into execution: be it further enabled by the authqrity aforefaid, That the grand jury of the laid county may and fhall at each affizes caufe to be prefent-td and raifed on the faid county at large, fach fum or fams of money as with the money already raifed and now in the hands of the treafurer of faid county, will conllitute a fnf-ficient fund for carrying into execution all and every the purpofes aforefaid; provided that the fums fo to be prefaced at each affizes for the purpofes aforefaid, (hall not be Ids than the fum of five hundred pounds

XXL Provided further, That the treafurer of the laid county, as often as he (hall receive, or be paid the amount » of any prefentment or prefentments to be made for the purpofes aforefaid, fhall from time to time pay and hand over the fame to the faid commiffioners, or their fuccefibrs, or asy fix or more of them, or to fuch perfon or perfons as they, or any fix or more of them, (hall, by writing under their hand% direft and appoint, as alfo all fuch money as has been already raifed on the faid county for the purpofes aforefaid; and if the faid treafurer fhall at any time or times negle&or rciufe fo to do, fuch Ueafurcrfhall, upon being convi&ed of

fuck

The twenty-eighth Tear if George III.

fijK neglect or refufal before the judge of affize, on the oath of one or more witnefs or witneffes, in a fummary way, ,for-Feit his faid office, and (hall not thereafter be qualified to hold or enjoy the fame; and that a3,foon as conveniently may be* after the faid commiffioners, or any fix or more of them, (half ht any time have received frorri the faid treafurdf of the faid county fuch money fd raifed, or to be raifed, the fame (hall be paid into fuch bank in faid city of Cork, as to the faid coTvniffioners, or their fuccefTors, or any fix or more of them nffcmbled (hall feetn lit, in the nani- a id on account of the faid commiffioners, and to be applied and difpofed of by order v>f the faid commiffionersj or their fuccefTors, or any fix or more of them, by writiog under their hands for the purpofe of this aid.

XX U And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That the treafurer arid clerk to the faid commiffioners, (hall, from time to time, keep exad, true, and juft entries, books, and accounts of all filch fum and Turns of money as (hall be laid out, paid, and expended for the purpofes of this ad; and that the faid treafurer and clerk to the faid commiffioners (hall, at each affizes to Be held for the faid coiinty, account upon oath, in the ufual manner as other public money is accounted for, at the affizes, for all fuch money as (lull have been expended and laid out for the purpofes of this ad, fuch accounts to be lodged with the clerk of the crown fpr the faid county, to be by him kept among the records.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded by the authdrity afore-faid, That the faid commiffioners, and their fuccefTors, (hall in the ereding and building the faid gaol, providc^therein not only fuch different and diltind apartments for each pri-foner to deep in, and yards and apartments for keeping the different deferiptions of prifoners, and the malesftrom the females feparately, but alfo fuch rdoms for king’s evidence, common halb, hofpitals, baths, and other neceffaries, conveniences, and accommodations, as arc direded to be provided in the feveral publick gaols and prifons throughout this kingdom, in and by two certain ads of parliament, one thereof made in the twenty-third and twenty-foutth years of his pre-fent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad far altering, amending, and rendering more effedual the law now itt being for regulating and managing the public gaols and prifout throughout this king-domf and the other of faid ads made in the twenty-fixth year of his faid prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad for amending and carrying more ejfcdually into force the Jeyeral laws now in beingfor regulating the publick gaols and prifons throughout this

on negledt • office forfeited *

Treafurer to keep accounts;

money accounted for on oath.

Apartment* &c. to be provided.

Mm2

XXIV.	And

Digitized by v^.ooQle

54*

A. D.

*7881 Chap>. 39J

A pufctfclt a&.

TStf Pwmtj*mgfjtb Tear rf George HI.

XXIV. Ami be it cnafted by the authority aforefind. That tbit aft (hall be taken and deemed to be a ptibhck and all judges, juftices, and all other perfbns (ha& fake notice thereof as fucb, without fpeciafly pleading the feme.

Other gaol ails	XXV. Provided always. That nothing herein contained

not repealed. (hall be deemed or conftrued to repeal or nuke void the fc-veral ftatutes now hi force for the regulations of gaols, pri-fons> and prifoners in this kingdom, or any part thereof, but that the (aid feveral flatutes Audi remain in full force and

Grand jury ^ay raife funis for printing work, 6c.

In cafe of ftdtncf* &oe. at* ttnknce of * treafurer't chief derk fuficient.

virtues

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the grand jury of the faid county of Cork to prefent, and raife, in tile ufual manner, on the county at huge, at the affizes, any fum of money which they from time to time (ball think reasonable and proper for printing work, and for books and ftationary for the ufe of the faid county, and that the judge for the time being (hall and may hat fuch prclent-ment or presentments.

XXVII.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid^ That if it (hall happen that the treaforer of the (aid county of Cork, (haH it any time hereafter be difabled by ficknefe from attending the duty of his office at any affixes, that then and in fuch cafe the attendance of h® chief and principal derk (hall he accepted and taken in kis room, fuch chief clerk doing and performing all things requisite and neceflbry to be done arid performed by fuch trea-frrrer at faid affiaes relative to the doty of his ftid office, provided that it (hall appear to the fatiefaftion of the judge and grand jury at the faid affixes, by the affidavit of the hod treafurer, and aHo by the affidavit of a phyfician, to be re-fpeftively fwogt before two of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the Aid comity, that the faid treafurer is really fick and unable, with fefcty to himfelf, to atteud the dnty of his faid office at the faid affizes-

5I. prefented fot eachin-

XXVIII. And whereas the coroners of the (aid comity of Cork are at much e*pence and trouble in the execution of their office, by reifoo of the ^reat extent of faid county, be it enabled by the authonty aforefaid. That it Ihall and may be lawful for the grand jury of faid county, at each affixes, to prefent way fom not exceeding five pounds for each inqneft to be Holden, and paid to the re-fpc&ive coroners holding the fame* due confidcration being had to the diftance that fuch coroner (hall be obliged to travel, and the neceftary expenoe and trouble he (haft be at in holding every fuch inqueft * provided that fuch fums as

fial

The twenty-eighth Tear if George III.	549

(hall be fo prefenied for any one coroner at each ailizes. A- D. (hall not exceed twenty-five pounds in the whole, which ‘1788. prefentmehts the judges of afltae ftall fiat, if they (hall think proper fo to do.

CHAP. XL.

An A3 for the further Payment of the Delis of the late C r-poration for promoting inland Navigations in Ireland, by reQifying an Omiflicn in the Schedule annexed to the A& of lad Seficn, entitled, An /M for dirc&ng the Application of the Funds granted by Parliament for promoting and cetrrying on Inland Navigations in this Kingdom, and fir the Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS there is annexed to the faid recited _	,.

ad, a fchedule, entitled, a fchedule of the feveral Preambk. warrants granted by the corporation for promoting and carrying on inland navigations in Ireland, which were unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feveo hundred and eighty-feven : and whereas, a warrant bearing date the nineteenth day of Q&ober, one thoufand feven hundred and elghty-two, for the fum of two thoufand pounds, was granted and drawn on his Majefty’s treafury by laid corporation, and which by miftake was omitted to be inserted in the faid fchedule 2 therefore be it esaded by the King's mot excellent biaie&y, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aJlembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid warrant for two thoufand pounds (hall be confidered as if the feme had a dually been inferted in the faid fchedule, and (hall be entitlecfond fubjed to aty the provifions of the faid ad, with refped to''the manner of being accounted far, certified, and paid* notwithftanding the faid omdfion.

CHAP.

©

Digitized by

Google

55©  A. D. ^^788^	The twenty-eighth Tear of George I If. CHAP. XLII.
27 G. 3. c. *6. relative to market juries.	A* AS for continuing the Ads relative to Bankrupts, out! for reviving, continuing, gad amending certain Temporary Star tutes.  lit WHEREAS the. eftablifhment of market ju-* ' pes, in counties of towns, and corpoiate towns, as well as cities, will be attended with beneficial cpnfequences : be it therefore further ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the paffmg of this ad, all the proviGons and regulations of an ad pa&d in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty’s irign, entitled, An aS for eflahh/bing market juries in cities, (hall extend to all counties of towns, and. corporate towns u» this kingdom.  CHAP. XL1II.
preamble.	An A3 for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Ma* lahide in the County of Dublin, to the River of FielJflov ^ in the faid County.  HE REAS the country adjacent to the town of * * Malahide, in the county of Dublin, and alfo a con-flderablc parr of the county of . Meath, are fupplied with coals, culm, Hates, timber, and various other things, from the harbopr of the faid town of Malahide, which are con-
/	Teyed from thence on carriages drawn by horfes, or other beads of burthen, at a very considerable expcnce, to the great difccuragement of thofe perfons concerned in roanu-fcdures, and highly diftrefling to the poorer inhabitants of the places before mentioned : and whereas Richard Talbot, of Malahide, in the county of Dublin, aforefaid, efquire, propofes to make at his own cxpence a navigable caral from the faid town of Malahide, through the tc.wu d» Swords to the river of Fieldflown, and into the adjacent country : and whereas the making of the faid canal would be highly beneficial to the countries adjacent, be it therefore enade* by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the  faffing

The twenty-eighth Tear of George III.

551

palling of this a&# it (hall and maybe lawful for the faid A. D. Richard Talbot, his heirs or afligns, to purchafe and take 1788. meffuages,. lands, tenements, and hereditaments, for the Chap, 43. purpofe of making the faid navigable canal, and that the faid Richard Talbot, his heirs and affigns, (hall from Richard Tab thenceforth by virtue of thi, a£l, be fully empowered by ^f^laud^ic liimleK, his agents, overfeers, workmen and fervants, to for carry on and complete a navigable canal as aforefaid, from canal, the faid town of Malahide, through the faid town of Swords to the faid river of Fieldrtown, and that the faid Richard Talbot, his heirs and afligns, (hall be empowered to open all rivers that inter £ed the faid intended canal, ancj to make all fuch ont-lcts, off-branches, cuts, and navigations, trenches, paflages, dams and wears, as may by him be judged neceflary for carrying on the faid work, or for Supplying the faid intended canal with water, fubje£t to the conditions herein after exprefTed and mentioned.

II,	And beit further ena&ed, That the faid Richard Tohay«fcmf Talbot, his heir* and afligns, (hall from and after the j^y'o/grand time aforefaid, be inverted with, and (hall hold and enjoy canal,

all and* Angular fuch powers, privileges, advantages and authorities in $11 things for the purpofe of carrying on, compleating, and maintaining the faid canal, a* are now vefted in the company of undertakers <?f the grand canal, by an a£l gf parliament parted in this kingdom in the eleventh and twelfth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An aSfor enabling certain perfons to carry on and complete the grand canaly and that the faid Richard Talbot,

(hall from and after the time aforefaid, be inverted with all fuch powers as are verted in the faid company of undertakers of the grand canal, but iubje& to the conditions herein after exprefled and mentioned, to enable him to opep the communication and canal aforefaid, and to enable bin* to fummon juries, for the valuing fuch lands, houfes, tenements, and hereditaments, as may be neceflary for the com-plcating the faid work, and for making fuch wharfs, quays,

(lore-houfes, market-houfes, locks, bafons, and works, as may be judged by him proper for faid work, and that th$ faid Richard Talbot be enabled to purchafe and hold fuck lands, houfes, tenements and hereditaments, for the purpo-. fes aforefaid, fuch purchafes to be made in fuch manner as the faid company of undertakers of the grand canal are by law empowered to proceed in purchaiing lands, tenements, and hereditaments.

III.	And be it enabled by the authority afprefaid, That May demand in confideration of the expence and trouble which tlje faid like dutie* at Richard Talbot (hall be put to in making and maintaining

the faid canal, it (hall and may be lavrnd to ^nd for thp

kid

55*

A. D.

1788. Chap. 43*

A publick »&.

Recital of ia-convenienck* to John Hatch,

Olq; Ccc.

A metal pipe to be fixed for the convenience of J. Hatch,

c% Uc.

The twenty-eighth Tear of George III.

faid Richard Talbot, his heirs and afligns,- from time to time, and at all times hereafter to aik, demand, receK-e, and fue for to his owoufe, the like duties, rates, and tolls, for any vefTels carrying goods, merchandize, or commodities along the (aid canal, as the company of undertakers of the grand canal arc now by law entitled to levy, for the carriage of the like goods, merchandize, or commodities on the grand canal.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authoiity afore (aid, That this aft (hall be deemed a publick a6t, and fhaH be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juries, and other pcrfbns without fpecially pleading the (ame.

V.	And whereas the town of Swords, and the lands adjoining the river of Fieldftown, ate chiefly fupplied with good water from the two rivers of Swords and Fieldftown, intended in confequence of the powers given by this a8, to be taken into the faid canal, and that thefe rivers are alrooft the only waters in that part of the country, whereat cattle can drink in the fummer feafon, and as cattle cannot be watered in a Canal, by reafon of the fteepnefs of the hanks, and fudden depth of the water: and whereas great detriment would enfue to John Harch, efquire, through whofe grounds faid rivers now pafs for a confiderabk length of their courfe, unlefs fome fecurity be given to him and his heirs, that a proper quantity of the water of faid rivers (hould be left out of faid canal for the ufe of him and his faid grounds, as of the places aforefaid: be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That until (aid intended canal (hall be made as far as the extent of the flrli level from Malahide, which will be three miles at lead, capable of carrying veffcls of twenty tons, and that proper aud fuflb cient bridges be made over the highways through which it is to pafs during the (aid extent of faid firft levd, and that two watering flips be likewife made wherever it (hall crofs any highway or roacLin its courfe to the extent of faid firft level, at leaft thirty feet wide and (loping four feet to every foot, fall and well paved entirely down faid flips, and acroft the bottom of faid canal, it (hall not be lawful for the (aid Richard Talbot, his heirs or afligns, to make any alteration in the courfe of the faid river of fieldftown.

VI.	And in order to fecure water to the places aforefaid, and to the faid John Hatch, his heirs and afligns, for the ufe of the faid grounds in his pofleffion : be it ena&d, That there (hall be inferted in faid canal, at the bottom of or at fuch height above the bottom of faid canal, as the faid John Hatch, hi* heirs or afligns, or any engineer by him or them appointed (hall chooie, a metal pipe of fix inches diameter at lead, and placed under or by the fide of

the

_ _ Digitized by



The twenty-eighth Tear of George III.

the bridge, which (hall be built over faid canal, on the turnpike road now leading from Dublin to Drogheda, and conveyed along the laid road to the bridge of Lifenhall* there to difeharge its contents of running water into the bed of the river of Seatown, or of Lifenhall, or placed in any other fpot that (hall be judged by the faid John Hatch, his heirs or ailigns, or any engineer appointed by him or them, more convenient for the purpofe aforefaid, of fup-plying the places aforefaid, and him, them, his, and their fr.id grounds, with running water as aforefaid, the fame to be fo placed, and at all times kept in repair by and at the expence of the faid Rickard Talbot, his heirs and afligns, and in order to enable the faid Richard Talbot fo to do> that it (hall and may be lawful to and ior the (aid Richard Talbot, his heirs and afligns, at all times when neceflary, to open a paflage along faid turnpike road, in order to lay down and repair faid pipe, and to cover and guard the fame, according to the diredtion of faid John Hatch, his heirs and afligns, or any engineer to be appointed by him and them, and under the diredion of an infpe&or, or other officer, having the care of faid turnpike road, and that all expences attending the laying and repairing of faid pipe, as well as of making and keeping in repair the watering flips aforefaid, (hall be paid at all times by the faid Richard Talbot, his heirs or afligns, and in cafe of refufal or negled by the faid Richard Talbot, his heirs or afligns, to repair and keep in good order faid pipe and watering flips for one fortnight, after fervice on him or them with notice, in writing, tor that purpofe ; that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid John Hatch, his heirs and afligns, fo long as he or they (hall be, and remain tenant or tenants of the lands he now holds of Seatown, or of JLiflen-hal], to employ proper perfons to repair the fame, or for the lord archbifhop of Dublin to do the fame, in cafe the tenure of him, the faid John Hatch, his heirs or afligns, (hall expire at any time; and if the (aid Richard Talbot, bis heirs or afligns, (hall negledfc or refufe to pay the expences thereof in fix months, after a bill fumiflied to him or them of fuch expences, then that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid John Hatch, his heirs and afligns, or for the faid arch-bifhop of Dublin, in cafe the faid John Hatch’s leafe of the lands of Seatown (hall expire, to put a (lop to the palling of the waters, to be taken into the intended canal or navigation ’till fuch time as faid expences (hall he paid.

VII.	Provided always, That there (ball be no more ^ ground taken from faid John Hatch, his heirs oar afligns* ground to be but one track way, and that not more thai* twelve feet	J*

'wide for ufe of faid canal, fo far as it (hall run through the a *** c*

grounds

Quantity of

Digitized by

Google

554

A. D.

1788.

Refidentt near canal to draw water at herein.

Tlx twenty-eighth Tear of George III.

Cunds now in the tenure of the faid John Hatch, or fe g as they, or any of them (hall remain in the tenure of him, his heirs or affigns, and that no lock-houfe or building of any fort, (hall be ereded on faid ground, while in the tenure of faid John Hatch, his heirs or alligns, without the confent of him or them, or witliout the confcnt of the lord archbifhop of Dublin for the time being, owner of the lands of Seatown, in cafe the faid John Hatch’s tenure of faid lands (hall at any time expire.

VIII.	Provided always, That it (hall and maybe lawful at all times for all perfons refiding near to the faid intended canal, to draw water out of the fame to their habitations and offices for brewing, and all other domeftick ufes, fo as that in taking the fame, they do not break or injure the bank of faid cagah



CHAP. XLVII.

An d8 to explain and amend an A8 pajfed in tlx Twenty Am ded feventb Tear of the Reign of His f ref ait Majejly, entitled, G. 3. c. 30. f.	for improving and repairing the Turnpike Rohd

29.	leading	from the City of Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge in the

County of Kildare. and to the Twenty-one Mile Stone IVefl-ward of the faid Bridge.

WHEREAS an aft of Parliament palled in tlie twenty-feventh year of his prefect Majefty’s reign, entitled. An a8 for improving 'and repairing the turnpike road hading from the city of Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge in the county of Kildare, and to tie twenty-one mile Jlone wefwardjif the faid bridge : and whereas it has been found by experience that feveral of the provifions made by the (aid recited a d are ii.fufficient for the purpofes thereby intended, and therefore it is become neceflary to explain and amend the faid ad, be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Par-Treafarer l*aracnt afTembled, and by the'auihority of ihe fame. That may be dtfmif- from and after palling this ad, the treafurer of the faid led by diredois, road may be difTmifTed from time to time by thediredors of the faid road, or any three or more of them, if they (hall think fit, in which cafe the truftces of the faid road arc, as direded by the faid recited ad, to ehd another perfon treafurer in his room, and the prefent and all future treafu-rers (hall be accountable to fuch direders, and not to the truftees of the faid road, as in and by the faid recited ad provided.	f



Digitized by Google

The tivcnfy-cighti\ Tear of Ocorge III.	5

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority afortTaid, . A. I>.

That the faid direftors {hall have power to demand and take 1788. in each of the two divifions of the faid road, by fuch per- Chap. 47. foil or perfons as any three or more of the faid directors	/

ihall authorize thereto, the following tolls at every pay-gate Toll*, upon or acrofs any part cf the faid road, before any beaft

or carriage herein after mentioned, ihall be permitted to paftr through the fame; that is to fay, for every coach, landau, chariot, cliaife, phseton, cabriolet or chair, the fum of fix-pence halfpenny for each horfe, or other beall drawing fuch coach, landau, chariot, chaife, phaeton, cabriolet or phair, in Head of the tolls provided and made payable by the faid recited aft.

III.	And whereas by the faid recited aft, power is given Recital of to. the faid trurtees during the term of nine years, to be computed from the fir ft day of May, one thoufand feven naor^encreaf-hundred and eighty-feyen, from time to time, at their dif- »ng the tolls, petion, to encieafe the refpeftivp tolls thereby made payable &c*

at any pay-gitc in each divifion to any fum or fumsof money, fo as the encreafe of tolls ihall not refpeftively exceed in pa *h divifion one half of the refpeftive tolls therein mentioned, and made payable, and from and after the expiration of the faid term of nine years, the feveral and refpeftive tolls therein mentioned and made payable, fhould be the fame and no more than what are refpeftively in &e faid recited aft mentioned and refer ved: be it further enafted by the authority afbrefaid.

That it (hall'and may be lawful (oand for any three or jnore of the faid direftors, to encreafe the faid tolls in manner by the faid recited aft mentioned, if they (hall find fuch encreafe to be reccflary during thp continuance of the laid recited aft.

IV.	And be it further pnafttd by the authority afore- May creft faid, That it Ihall and may be lawful to and for any three Pay*£m,5*» ^c* or more of the faid direftors, to ereft a pay-gat* or pay- a$ crcUl* gates, on the fide of the faid road, or acrofs any lane or

way leading out of the faid road, and to build, hire, or rent a toll-houfe for every fuch gate, and there to demand and receive fuch tolls as are appointed by this and the faid recited aft to be taken at any pay-gate upon the faid road, and that every fuch pay-gate (hall be deemed a pay-gate within the intent and meaning of this and the (aid recited aft, any claufe, provifo, or refltiftion, in the faid recited aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

V.	And whereas by the faid recited aft, power is given Recital of ay to any three or ipore of the faid direftors to raife and bor-

row luch fum and fums of money, not exceeding in the	0f

whole the fum of three thoufand pounds fterling, as they money, &c.

fhould

Thetwentj^eighlh Tear qJ George III.

(hould judge aecefiary towards difeharging the arrear of intereft therein mentioned, and other debts due on the credit of the afts of Parliament therein mentioned, and towards defraying the immediate expences of the faid recited aft, and for that purpofe to iffue bills payable on every firft day of May, and fir 11 day of November, which (hall next happen after the end of three years from the refpeftive dates of fuch bills, entitling the bearers thereof to the amount of the fums therein lpecificd with intereft: and whereas the payment, of fuch bills at the refpeftive times the (ame (hall or may become payable, may be attended with difficulties and inconvenience, Unlefs the faid direftors (hall be empowered to raife by new bills to be iffued, fuch fum and fums pf money as (ball be paid off purfuant to the faid recited aft; for remedy whereof, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That when and fo often at any of the bills already iffued, or to be iffued by any three or more of the faid direftors, purfuant to the (aid recited aft (ball be paid off, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the faid direftors, from time to time, during the continuance of this and the (aid recited aft, to iffue new bOls to replace fuch bills as (haU from time to time be paid, which pew bills are to be made in like manner and payable at the fame time and times with intereft, and the hold ers thereof refpeftively, JhaU have the like remedies for payment thereof as are mentioned in the (aid recited aft. •ir	VI, And be it further enafted by the authority afore-

^c0*niayfum^S That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any com^ mon offenders, miffioner of the (aid road, and alfo to and for any fit and difereet perfon or perfons for that purpofe, to be appointed by three or more of the faid direftors, to fummon without any previous order or direftions of the faid direftors, aO or any perfon or perfons who (hall commit any offence or offences againft this or the faid recited aft, before the board of faid direftors upon a day appointed for their meeting, and the faid direftors (ball have power to award reafonable cods to the perfons fummoned, if the oecafion of fiunmons (hall appear frivolous, fuch oofts to be paid by the perfon fummoniag.

VII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforeiak), determine offeL That it (hall and may he lawful to and for three or more of ces.	the	faid direftors to hear and determine all offencea againft

this and the (aid recited aft* whether fuch offence frail be committed in cither of the counties of Dublin or Kildare, provided fuch offence (haU be heard and determined upon within two miles of the (aid road, and any th«j*3r more of the faid direftors (hall have the fame powers and authorities to ioflift and levy the penalties under this and the frid recited aft as are for that purpofe given to jufticus of the peace by by the laid recited aft*

VIIL And

The twenty-eighth Tear of George III*

VIII.	Avid be h further ena&cd by the authority afore-laid, That all and every perfon or perrons who fhaH permit err allow any turf, dung, dirt, draw, ftones, rubbifh, gravel, land, or lime, to remain fix hours upon the fat'd road, before his, her, or their houfes, or out-offices, (haH be deemed and confidered to have laid the fame there within the meaning of this and the faid recited ad* and (hall be punifhed for fuck offence in fuck manner as prescribed by this and the faid recited ad, without other evidence of his or her having committed fuch offence,

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, *That if any perfon or perfon s fhaU go or trvavel on the laid road with a fey the or feythes mounted or fixed in the handle, every perfon fo offending fhaU forfeit a fum not exceeding three (hillings, upon convidien before the faid diredors, or any one of them, by the oath of one credible witnefs, Or upon the view of the faid dire&ots, or any of them.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That wherever in the faid recited ad the clerk of the faid road, or of the faid truftees, is mentioned, the fame (hall be underflood to mean the treafnrer of the faid road.

XI.	And be it further enftded. That the diredors of the faid road fiiall not be ekded annually, as by the find recited ad is direded, bur that the prefent diredors, and all directors to be chofeti hereafter, (hall continue diredors of the faid road daring good behaviour.

XII.	Provided always. That k fiiall be lawful to and for the faid troftees, at any meeting at which two-thirds of fuch truflees (hall attfcnd, to remove the laid diredors or any of them, for mifbehavionr in thefr or his office of dfredor.

XIII.	And whereas the fum of three thoufand pounds fterling which the laid diredors of the faid road are *>T the faid recited ad empowered to raife, is not by any means fiifficient for the purpofe3 intended by the faid ad: be it therefore further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That any three or more of the faid diredors (hall and may, and are nereby empowered, from time to time, as occafion (hall require, to raife and borrow fuch fum or films of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of two thoufand pounds fterling, in addition to the faid fum of three thoo-fand pounds fterling, as fuch diredors (hall judge neceffary to be applied by them for the purpofes mentioned, of and concerning the faid fum of three thoufand pounds, in the faid ad, and that for all fum9 fo to be borrowed under, and by virtue of this ad, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the faid diredors to iffue

bills

55 7

A. D.

1788.

Chap. 47.

Perfons allowing dirt as herein, fabjed to penalties.

Penalty 5s. on perfons travelling with fcjrthcs mount-

By clerk in 27 Ck 3 c. 60. is to be under food treafurer.

Directors to continue during good behaviour.

TrtrftfcCs may remove direc-

aoooL may be ratted as herein.

Principal money borrow, ed, Ice. to be •oiid off u herein.

Debenture* to be drawn as

a?of O. y c. fo. «wpt * where * (tried by this, of lull force.

^publkhtft.

*tbe twemtj-ejgkii rear ef George 14 f.

bills, Entitling the bearers to the amount'of the funis therein fjftecified, which bills fo to be iffued are to be made payable m like manner, with like intereft, and the like re-mediea for payment thereof as are mentioned in the (aid recited ad, of and concerning the faid fum of three thouOud pounds.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That from .and after the firft day of January, one thoufand feveri hundred and eighty-nine, the fum of two hundred pounds, ariiing out of the tolls of the (aid road, (hall be applied every year by the faid directors, towards paying off the principal money borrowed, or to be borrowed by virtue of this ad, and of tjtt faid recited ad, together with all faving<* made of the raereft payable upon the principal fums fo to be paid off* until the (aid principal debts Hull be entirely pai l, without prejudice neverthelefs to the intereft payable, upon the old debt of nine thoufand paunda due upon the (aid road.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-faid, That once in every year there (hall be a drawing by lot of the debentures iffued for the two loans of three th^u-fiind pounds, and two thoufand pounds, fo many in number as amount to the fums in band, from time to time, of the linking fund hereby intended to be created, and that the debentures firft drawn (hall be firft paid out of the money fo ia hand, arifiog from the faid finking fund.

XVI.	Andl>e it further enacted by the authority afore-faid, That all and every the powers, authorities, articles, rules* penalties, and daufes, in the faid recited aft contained, except what are hereby altered, (hall be of full force and effed, and (hall continue during the continuance of the (aid recited ad, for the intents and purpofes in the faid recited ad, and herein contained,_ as if the fame powers, authorities, articles, rules, penalties, and claufes, granted and given by the faid recited ad, were herein again repeated and rc-enaded in the body of this prefect adt.

XVII.	And belt further enaded by the authority afore-faid. That this ad (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public ad, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftic^s, and other perfona, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CHAP.

’ digitized by v^ooQle

The twenty-eighth Tear of George III.

CHAP. XLVIIL

An Ad for extending to the Roads leading to Dublin through Raheny and Clontarf, the Brovifions of an Act pajfed in the Twenty-fixtb Tear of Hit Mijejly's Reign, entitled, An Ad for making, widening, and repairing the RowJ lead-ing from Dublin tn Mai abide, and for ere fling Turnpike Gates y and receiving Tolls thereout 9 in Aid of the Barony Prefentmentsy and for appointing Trujlees for carrying the faid Purpofes into Execution, and alfo for continuing the faid

Ad.	'

\SJHEREAS by an a^ of Parliament parted in the ” twenty-fixth year of his Majefly's reign, entitled* An a8 for making, widening, and repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to Malahide, and for e reding turnpike gates, and receiving tolls thereout, in aid of the barony preferments, and for appointing trufiees for carrying the faid purpofes into execution, fcveral perfone therein named were appointed trufiees for amending, keeping in repair, and ordering the road from Dublin to Malahide, in the county of Dublin, and for putting into execution the feveral powers and authorities mentioned and contained in the laid a61: and whereas it will be further advantageous to the land holders in the barony through which the faid road runs, if all perfons who travel on the other roads in the faid barony leading to Dublin, over BaUybough-bridge, namely, the road from Howth to Dublin, through Clontarf and the Strand, commonly called the North Strand, and the road fiom Baldoyle to Dublin, through Ratheny and the Black Quarry, fhould, in aid of the barony prefeotments which (hall be granted for the fame, contribute to the repaiis thereof: therefore be it ena6l’ed by the King's mofl excellent Majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tempqral, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That the feveral perfons in the faid a St named, together with lord Charles Fitz-Gerald, the right hououraqle fir John Blaquiere, baronet, knight of the Bath, the honou*-able William Forward, Edward Hill, the reverend Alexander Staples, Henry Monk Mafon, Coghill Cramer, Vaughaa Montgomery, Thomas Winder, Stephen -Wybrants, fur William Gleadowe Newcomen, baronet, Charles Domvillc, Lodge Morres, Robcit Rofs, John Swan, Henry £.oftug, Daniel Geale, WOliara Walcot, Willijyn Colville, Charles

O'NciJ,

5Sf A. D

To 10 April i8$9» &c 3J O. 3- c. So- f-48 Amended

»9 O 3. c. 14. 3 i.O. 3 c.50.

Roads to be kept io repair with Mulinide road.

Digitized by ^ooQle

The twenty-eighth Yctor of George III.

O’Neil, John Vernon, Hugh Bowen, Richard Cooban Carr, Charles Euftace, Chriftraas Weeks, and Jofeph Wat-fon, efquires, be, and are hereby appointed truftees for amending, keeping in repair, and ordering the laid federal roads, and for putting into execution the feveral powers and authorities mentioned and contained in the faid recited a€t, and this ad.	*

IL And be ft enafted, That the feveral powers and authorites which by the laid recited ad were veiled in the C?0 tnlftCCV** tru®ctt therein named, in refped of the road therein men-%	3*	c.	30.	be,	and the feme are hereby veiled in the feid tmf-

tees named in the feid ad, and in this ad, in refped of the feid roads leading to Dublin Over Ballybougb bridge, and the feid feveral truflees, and the furvivors of them, or

Twftm to have fame poW<

Part of *6 O. J. c 30. f. 3. repealed.

Time and place of meet*

xng.

any three or more of them, and fuch perfons as (hall be appointed truftees in purfuance of the powers in the faid recited ad, fhaQ have authority to exetcife fuch powers, to ered one or tnore gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, and acrofs all or any of the feid roads, and aKo a toll-houfe, or toll-hoofes, and there to receive and take the tofla and duties by tbe feid ad, and this ad, required to be paid at any gate or turnpike on any of the feid road3, and that the feveral office** and perfons appointed by virtue of the faid ad, (hall, during their continuance in office, have full power and authority to execute every (natter and thing m their refpedive offices, with refped to the feveral toads in this ad mentioned.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the feid recited act, fo far as it provides, that no gate or turnpike (ball be erected acrofs any part of the road which leads from Dublin over BaHybough-bridge to tbe Sheds of Clontarf by the Strand, or any toll or duty taken for any carriage or bead paffing thereon, fhall be, and the feme is hereby re* pealed.

IV.	Ahd be it enaded. That the feid truftees (hall meet upon the fecond Tuefday after fhe paffing of this ad, at fuch place and time as (hall be appointed, by an order to tire perfbn who (hall then be treafurer to the faid truflees, figned by any five of them, and upon receipt of fuch order the feid treafurer (hall caufe an advertifement to be published in fome Dublin newfpaper, fetting forth the place^and time that the tntftees are to meet, and the feid truftees fhaH at the meeting order proper books to be printed, that all Orders and tranfadfons of the faid truftees may be regularly entered,’ and from and after fuch meeting the feid truftees fhall continue to meet, as often as they (hall deem neceffary, it fuch place as they fhatt adjourn to, and it fhall be the

I	duty

Tolls.

The twenty-eighth Year of George III.

duty of the (aid treafurerto attend at every meeting of the faid tru&ees.

V.	And be it wafted, That after the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and tighty-eight, for every wain, cart, or carriage of burthen, with four wheels, drawn by fix horfes, or beafts of burthen, whofe wheels (hall not be of the breadth of fix inches at the leaft on the foie when worn, and the ftreaks fet on with flat-headed bolts, or flatheaded nails, counter funk, in fuch a manner as not to rife above, the ftreaks, there (hall be paid the fum of two (hillings and two pence ; for every wain, cart, or carriage of burthen, with four wheels, drawn by a lefs number than fix, and more than two horfes, or beads of burthen, whofe wheels (hall not be of the breadth of fix inches at the leaft on the foie when worn, and the ftreaks fet on as aforefaid, there (hall be paid the fum of one (hil ing and eight pence ; for every bx ewers dray, or cart, or carriage of burthen, drawn by two horfes, or beads of burthen, whofe wheels (hall not be of the breadth of four inches at the leaft on the foie when worn, and the ftreaks fet on as aforefaid, there (hall be paid the fum of fix pence halfpenny \ and for every brewers dray, and cart, drawn by one horie, or bead of burthen, whofe wheels (hall not be of the breadth of four inches at the leaft on the foie when worn, and the ftreaks fet on as aforefaid, there (hall be paid the fum of four pence; and for every car drawn by one horfe, or bead of burthen, whofe wheels (hall not be of the breadth of three inches at the leaft on the foie when worn, and the ftrtaks fet on as afovc-faid, there (hall be paid the fum of two pence; and for every fcavengeris cart, whofe wheels (hall not be of the breadth of (even inches at the leaft on the foie when worn, and the ftreaks fet on as aforefaid, there (hall be paid the fum of fix pence ; any thing in the faid recited aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That qzxt\z ca

for each and every car, or other carriage, on which (hall	to

be placed any beam, or piece of timber, plank, or board, pay as herein, of the length of twelve feet, or upwards, two (hillings and

eight pence halfpenny (hall be paid before fuch car or carriage (hall be permitted to pafs through any of the pay-gates, which are or (hall be erefted on any road, by virtue of this aft, within the county of Dublin, unlefs fuch beam, timber, plank, or board, (hall be placed on carriages, with four wheels, or on two cars joined together, and laid !	^

thereon length-ways, in which cafe the tolls payable by this aft for fuch cars or carriages only (hall be demanded.

VII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Cars with fi(h no car, or fingle horfe laden with filh^ being the property not *o pay toll

Vol. VIII.	N	n	of

Digitized by UooQle

The twenty-eighth Tear of George III.

A. D.

1788. Chap. 48-

^ ompoan-d^r'srar* ^e. *°hc niaiked,

&c.

\ofkto a ;Tj cl ajfii ui. .'.a*

l-y -6 G. -

Per ions open in£ u to cv d	tined

? -I. iOi «ui

of toy perfon or perfdns dealing therein, and drawing or bringing the fame for fale to the city of Dublin, <h?U be obliged to pay toll for fuch car Or horfe, any thin^ contained iu this or any former aft to the contrary notwitb-Handing.

VIII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. Tint the name and place of abode of every perfon compounding for any carriage of burthen fhall be painted upon every fueh carriage in fuch manner as the faid truftees fhall order and direft, and fhall be numbered with the number to be. fixed thereon, to be provided by the treafurer of the faid trustees, and no carriage of burthen {hall be allowed to pafs free through any turnpike gate, though belonging to a compounder, if the uame and place of abode of fuch compounder is not painted thereon, in fuch manner as the faid truftees (hall order and direct, and if any perfon be detected, and proof be ipadc by the oath or affirmation of any credible perfon before any five or more of the (aid truftees -at a board affembled, to have made a falfe return of the number of acres he or (he bolds, or of counteifeiting or tiling any counterfeit ticket or let pafs, or number, or of felling or giving, or lending any ticket or letpafs, or number to any perfon, except thofe of his or her family or fer-vants aftuaHy reiiding with him or her, or who fhall attempt to pafs free thiough fuch gate, after the expiration of the time he or file hath compouudedv for, until after he or fhc hath again compounded with the truliees, and fhall be convicted thereof, every fuch perfon fo offending, by him or herfjf, or by any of his or her family or fervants. fhall forfeit the fum of forty thillings, to be levied off the goods and chattels of fuch compounder whereft>ever they may be found, by a warrant figned by any five of the truliees at a board alTcmbied, and every fuch perfon (hall from that time be excluded from the privilege of compounding with the faid truftees.

IX.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained, fhall extend to alter or affeft the terms of any agreement made with any compounder by the truftees under the faid recited act, fo that fueh compounder obierve the regulations Joy thi.> act requiied with refpeft to compounders.

X.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon fhall open, or caufe to be opened, ariy gate, road, paffage, or way, by or through which any perfon, hoife, orcariiage, or cattle may pafs, or fuffer any ptr-fon,-horle, or carriage or cattle to pafs throug^the fame, fo as to avoid pafling through any gate, chain, or bar, treftfcd by order of the truftees, and paying the tolls he or they fhoi4<i Have paid, uulcfs fach road, paflage, or way

'	The twenty-eighth Tear of George 111.

be made under the prtfentment of a grand jury, every fuch perfon or perfona opening, or caufing fuch road or way to be opened through the land he, (he, or they holds or occupies, (hall upon conviction before the truftees, or any five of them affembled at a board, forfeit and pay aa a fine any fum not exceeding twenty pounds per day for every day, lie, (he, 6r they (hall keep fuch gate, road, or way open, and it (hall be lawful for the truftees to caufe all fuch ways to be (hut up and clofed by a ditch or wall, and by a warrant figned by any five of the (aid trullees. to caufe the expence of (hutting up or clofing fuch way, and the fine they (hall impofe, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, and that the faid trul-tees affembled at a board, (hall have as full power to hear and determine all complaints relative to the roads in their diftriCt, that juftices of the peace now have, and may by theii warrant levy all forfeitures and fines, and the ex-pences of removing all nuifances by diftrefs and (ale of the goods and chattels of the perfon or perfons offending where-cver fuch goods and chattels can be found.

XI.	And be it enaCted, That it (hall be lawful for every

gate-keeper to mealure the breadth of the wheels of any dray, cart, car, or or carriage of burthen travelling on any of the faid roads, and if any driver or other perfon (hall' refufe to permit, or (hall hinder any gate-keeper to meafuie the breadth of fuch wheels, he (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds.	w

XII.	And be it enaCted, That if any driver of any cart, car, dray, or wain, (hall ride upon any fuch carriage, in any of the faid roads, not having the rein^of the bridle in his hand, or fome other perfon on foot or on horfeback to guide the fame, or (hall oil any part of the faid roads by negligence or wilful mifbehaviour, caufe any hurt or damage to any perfon, beait, or carriage, or prevent, hinder, or interrupt the free paffage of any other perfon, bead, or carriage, or (hall wilfully be at fuch diftance from his or her carriage, or in fuch a fituation whilft it is paffing along or Handing on any of faid roads, that he cannot have direction or government of the bead or beads drawing the fame, or if any driver of any empty cart, car, dray, or wain^ (hall refufe or negleCt to turn qfide, and make way for any loaded cart, car, dray, or wain, or for any chaife, berlin, chariot, cabriolet, phaeton or coach, every fuch perfon (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of *ive (hillings, and it (hall be lawful for any perfon to fecure any fuch driver, carriage and horfe, and to take them before any neighbouring magiftrate, who (hall caufe the laid fum to be

N.n a	levied

Qate-keepoe

may meafute the wheels of cars. &C.

Driver offending as heiein, forfeits 5s.

Tbi tmarntyHighth Tear *f George ill.

ferfcd by fafc t* dfc (aid feirt^e, ff thte fafU Itt* ttrf ex-pence of d iff raining is nbt paid within twenty-four hour*; Wad if atiy perfon or perfons having paid toll, and receiving t ticket, ftwtH alter the fame, or give, fell, Ordifpofe ther£ ttf to any other perfon or perfons, ’with the intent that the payment of faid tolls ihay we avoided, every perfon fo altering* giving, felling, or di(^K>ltn«, and the perfon receiving or making ufe thereof, (hall forfeit for eVeiy fuch offence the firm of twenty (hillings ; and fn order to deleft wty fuch import ion every gate-keeper (hall be empowered to demand of any perfon producing a ticket, St what gate he or (he received 1‘uCh ticket, and if the anfwer (hall not coin-'cide with the htrtnber and date of the ticket, it IhaD \k lawful for the gate-keeper to detain fuch ticket, and the horfe, carriage, tackle, or loading, until the perfon producing IWh ticket, (hall pay the penalty, and every Inch ^gate-keeper (hall immediately commit tp writing the anfwer given him, with the day of the weA. and month, that he thay prove H upon oath, if fuch perfon fhall appeal to the trade**, who are empow ered to determine furfi apreal; and if any perfon or perfons (hall Wilfally injure, damage, or ^heftroy hny gate, bar, Chain, toll-houfe, or table ot toll*, Wrefted by virtue of this or the faid recited aft, every fuch ^perfon fhall, upon con vision thereof in any of hi* Ma}ef-ky’s court* of fa\v, fuffer fuch itnprifonhient, not exceeding 'the fpace 6f one year, a* to the faid Court (hall feem proper, and at the expiration of faid time give fecurity for hi* or her good behaviour for fuch time at the faid court flail •Order, and to enforce a dtfe obedience of tht» aft.

Xlll.	Be it 'eitafted by the authority aforefaid. That it very conftab'^, frib-conftaihle, and bailiff, negleftmg or refuting to *atiill To put this aft into execution within his rt-(peftire limitB, or to execute any warrant for levying a fine, #r to account for and deliver‘any fine tevied, or diftrefs taken, according to the dirtftion of thii aft ; and every gate-keeper, lUrveyor, or any other perfon, who fhall receive any falary or allowance by virtue cf thia aft, who foall wilfully negkft for the ^>ace of one Week, after •ny offence Corntnitted tfgainfl thi* aft, to lay the fame before the tniftee*, or to report fufti offence to fhetrea-furtr, fetfleft the fom of five pounds for every fuch 'twgkfe.

appoint fuxv X-IV. And “be it enfcfted, That a* footi as the (aid truf-tecs fhall Older gates to be erefted, and fhall have ap-jwinted 'gate-keepers, they fhall proceed to appoint one or Wrote kifveyor or ffifveyors of the toads, with fuch fabrics for'eacb, to be paid Quarterly, as they fhatt fchhfk proper, Uotefltceeding forty fht&Wgi fh^emrttem per mfle, for each

PCsfotty 5I-

•n conftaMe refuting to af-f rt, or gatekeeper neglecting to lay complaint* before truflee*.

Trofieei to

Digitized by v^ooQle

\

the twenty-eighth Tear qf George 1X7.

wile of the Gud road* tuck futveyor (Vail he appoints^ to fu perm tend, and every fuch funvoyor (hall accurately rasa-fare the diftance between the mile-dopes crewed upon the road or roads he (hall be appointed to fbrvcyy in order to ascertain that they are regularly fixed at a diftance of three hundred and twenty perches, of twenty-one feet each perch* from each other, and every fuch furyeyor (hail view,, and from time to time infpedl the roads in his diftruSl, auddhad every board day lay before the truftrees a minute account of the condition of the roads, fpecifying fuch matters, as way appear to him to he ncceffnry to be done for the better rn> pairing and keeping the (aid roads in repair, and Jhall re«-port any nuifance of encroachment thereon, or any breach of or offence agaiiift this a&, and the faid recited a&> if any there be, and the raeafunes taken by him to remove or punifh for the fame, and (hall, when ordered by the trustees, infpe& all repairs making, or works finiihed upon the roads in his dii£ri&, and report his opinion thereon ; and* every fuch furveyor* before he (hall receive his appointment under the hand and feal of any five or more of the faid tjruftecy, (hall give fecurity bimftif in die (urn of one hundred pounds, with two fuincient fureties in the funv of twenty pounds £aph, by bond, conditioned that he wiU no| afk, demand, or receive any fee or gratMity of any kin<k from any contractor, undertaker, or perfoa employed, or to be employed by order of the truftecs, or be any way concerned with any contra&or or undertaker, in the executing of any work cfire&ed to be done by jbetruftces,,

’XV And be it ena&ed* That it (hall be lawful for the laid trufiees, or any five of them, at a regular, hoard fom-moned for that particular purpple, to enter into contract a# with any peribn or perfons not being, an officer a<$ing under them, to repair and keep in repair for any number of years* not exceeding three* any part of any pf the faid roads* taking full fecurity for the due and sxa& execution of fuch contrad, and every fuch coatra&or, and every overfeer o» . perfon appointed by the faid committees to make any repahf . within any of the faid diftri&s, (hall have aU and eveijf power of fcarching for, digging, railing, and carrying away earth, gravel* or (Lone* noceflary foj the making* roe pairing, levelling, or moulding any of the faid roads or foot-paths, and to compel the lcouring of ditches or drains* or clipping of hedges, or removing of nuifances of every or any kind that overfeers appointed by the grand jury of the county of Dtibkn, now have, or may hereafter bavQ by virtue of any a A of Parliament, in as full and amplf manner as if they were particularly pained ip fuch a&, fob? je6k to the fame regulations, with tifge&L to any damage

any

Troftees may make contracts

Digitized by

Google

*

$66

A. D.

1788. Chap. 48.

Fines by this 1<SI levied by diftrcftand fale o! offender# goods, except otherwiie di-rede+

The twenty-eighth Tear of George JIT.

*any perfon or,perfons may fuftain by the railing or carrying away fuch materials, and if any perfon or perfons (hall refit! or make forcible oppofition again ft any perfon or perfons employed or concerned in the due execution of this a ft, or (hall 3flank any truftee, furveyor, overfeer, contractor, or gate* keeper in the execution of his or their office, cr of this ad, or (hall forcibly pafs through any of the gates, chains, or bars ereded as afnrefaid, without having paid the proper toll, upon being conviAed thereof before a hoard of the trullees, upon the oath of one credible perfon, every fuch offender fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds.

XVI And be it enaded, That all and every of the fines and penalties impofed by this ad for offences againft the fame, and all cofls and charges attending the levying of the fame, the manner of levying and applying of which is not herein otherwife particularly direded, (hall be levied by diflrefs and fale of the goods of the offender, or of the horfc, bead, or carriage, by means of wbich any offence is committed, whether they (hall be found in the county, or in the county of the city of Dublin, by warrant under the hand and feal of the trufteea, or any five of them forming a board, rendering the overplus of fuch diflrefs, if any, to the party or parties, after deduding all charges of making the lame, which warrant fuch trnftecs are empowered to grant upon convrdion of the offender, by confeflioa, or upon the oath of one credible witnefs, if the offender being duly fum-moned, fhall not attend the truflecs, which oath the tiuf-tee8 are hereby, empowered to adminifter, and the penalties and forfeitures, colls and charges when levied {hall be paid, one half to the informer, and the other half to the treafurer •f the faid truffees, to be applied towards the repair of th?t road on which the offence was committed ; and in cafe fuch diflrefs cannot be had or found, or fuch penalties or cofts be not forthwith paid by any offender upon convidion, the trnflees or any five of them forming a board, are hereby empowered and required to commit fuch offender to the gaol of KOmainham, or an} gaol in tht city of Dublin, by warrant under the hand and feal of the faid truflecs, figned by any five of the trufteee, there to be confined for any time not exceeding three months, or until fuch penalty and coft8 be paid.

XVII. And whereas many of the roads are in many parts too narrow, as well within the county of the city, ns in the county of Dublin, and require to be widened, and alfo require to have foot paths made upon, or adjoining the fame, and would be more convenient to travellers if the fame were changed to places contiguous, or-nearly contiguous thereto, and might be ntpde (hoi ter and in more direct \	,	lines:

€

The t'wenty-e'ighih Tear of George III.

lines: be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the truflees, or any five or more of them, to agree with the feveral proprietors, occupiers, and perfons interefted in the feveral lands, tenements, buildings, houfes, grounds, or hereditaments, adjoining

Tniftees may

fuch parts of the faid roads as lie in the county of Dublin,	*

or county of the city of Dublin, within tbei* ddlrift, for fo order to widen much of the faid lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, road* and make grounds, or hereditaments, as may he nccefTary to be added foot-path*, to the faid roads, in order to make them and foot-paths of fuch fufficient breadth, not more th**n fixty feet, if within four'miles of the caflfe of Dublin, clear over and above the foot-path or foot-paths, and fences, or forty feet clear over and above the foot-path or foot-paths, and fences, in any other part of the faid rcr.ds, and that no foot-path (hall be by them made more than eight feet wide, within four miles of the caftle of Dublin, or four feet wide by any other part of the faid roads : and the faid truflees, or any five or more them, by and with the confent of the occupiers of the ground adjoining or contiguous to the faid roads, or which otherwise lie moil convenient thereto, may afeertain, de-feribe, and fet apart fuch part and proportion of the faid lands as they the faid truftees, or any five or more of them,

(hall judge neGefTary for carrying the fame in lines jnore convenient to travellers, and to fence the fides thereof, and to open and make the fame as and for the high road, and that the fame fir all accordingly thenceforth be, and remain part of the highway ; and that from the time fuch road (hall be made and opened, fuch occupier or occupiers (hall enjoy fo much of the old road as (hall be fo altered or changed, as fa#

^sfaftion and exchange of fuch ground, to be made ufe of in the making fuch new roads, the fame perfon or perfons being the occupier of the old and new road to be exchanged or given in fatisfaftion as aforefaid ; and that from the time fuch new road (hall be made pafilable purfuant to this aft* the occupier or occupiers may, at his, her, or their ex> pence, enclofe, or fence up fuch old road, and that the old road fo enclofed and fenced (hall not be liable to be laid

open.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority p -aforefaid, ThA it (hall and may be lawful to. and for all bd-dies politic, corporate, or collegiate, corporations, aggro-in ground* may gate or foie, all tenants in tail, or tenants for life, wkh im- contract with mediate remainder to their iffae, and all feoffees in trull, truftcc*> executors, adminiftrators, guardians, aod committees, or other truflees whatfoever, for or on behalf of any iufants> femes covert, lunaticks, idiots, or ceflvique truflsy anil for all and every perfon. or perfons whom foeve.i, who aic or (hall be-

feized

The twenty-eighth Tear ef George III.



A. D.	lazed) pofleflird of, or iaterefted in any wife in any fudr

lygg.	lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, or beixdita*

Chap. 48. mentt, to treat, con trad, and agree with the (aid traftces, or any fire or more of them, for the purchafe of fuch lands, tenements, boufe«, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, or of their intereR therein, for the purposes afbfcCaid, and fo fell and convey the fame to the fad truftees, and aM fales and conveyances which (hall be fo made, (hall be valid to all intents and purposes, any law, ftatate, ufage, or any other matter or thing whatfoever tp the contrary thereof rn any wife notwithftanding 5 and all feoffees in trnft, executors, a dm ini ft rat ors, guardians, committees, and truftees, corporations aggregate or foie, and all other perform, are and (hall be hereby indemnified for what they (hall do by virtue of, or in purfuance of this aft.

. f XfX And be it further eoa&ed, That if ftfch owner, not toomuftiiT * ProPr*€tor> occupier, truftee or truftees, committee or com-after 14 days * mittees, bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, aggregate, notice, fu.h	or fide, or any other perfoc or perfons in any wife mtrrcfted

^found dec.	in any fuch lands, tenements, buildings, houfes, grounds,

to be valued by or hereditaments, fuch ground or hereditaments not being *JUr*‘	an orchard, yard, or planted walk, lawn, or avenue, upon

fourteen days notice to them given, or left in writing at the dwelling-hodfe or houfes, or place or {daces of abode of fuch perfbn or perfons, or at the head officer or officers of finch body politic, corporate, or coRegiate, aggre-

?rate or foie, or at the houfe of the tenant in pofleffion of iich lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, except as before excepted, (hall neglctft or re-*ufe to treat, or (haU not agree for the purchafe of aqg fuch lands, tenements, houfes, grounds, and hereditaments, or any part or parts thereof, or for their intereft therein, or by reafon of abfence (hall be prevented from treating as aforefaid, then, and in fuch cafe, the faid tnif-tees, or any five or more of them, (hall caufe it to be en* quired into, and afeertained by and upon the oath of a jury of twelve indifferent men of the county of Dublin, or df the county of the city of Dublin, as the cafe may be, which oath any three or more of fuch truftees are hereby empow. cred and required to adminifter, what recompence (hall be made to fuch owners, occupiers, or proprietors, or other perfon or perfons interefted, for or upon account of the widening any fuch road, and in order thereunto the (aid truftees, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from time to time, as there (hall be occafion, to fumtnon and call before the feud jury, and examine upon oath all perions whatfoever, who (hall be thought neccffiry or proper to be examined m witiicfe, touchrag or concerning

\

The twenty-eighth Tear of George ML

5*9

cermttg the premifes, which oath any three or more of fbdi A. D. Tefjpe£tfve truftees arc hereby empowered and required to 1788. adminifte r 5 and if any of the parties interefted (hall requefl Chap. 48. ^ -the fame, (hall aMo caufe the faid jury to view the place or — places in qaeftion, and (hall ufc aft other lawful ways and means, as wett for their own as for the faid jury's better information in the premifes, and after the faid jury (hall have fo enqaired of, and fettled fuch recompence, they, the faid truftees or any five or more of them, at a board affembled, may thereupon order and adjudge the fum or fums of money fo affeffed by the jury for fuch purchafes, to be paid to the perfons interefted in fuch lands, tenements, buildings, tioufes, grounds, or hereditaments, except as before excepted, according to the verdiA and inquifition of fuch jury, which faid verdidfc or inquifition, and the order and adjudication fo had and made, being enrolled by order of tike truftees in the rolls office of the high court of* chancery, fhaH be final and conchifive to all intents and pur-pofes, againfl all parties or perfona whatfoever claiming in pofTeftioo, reverfion, remainder, or otherwife, their heirs, executors or adminiftrators, and fucceftors rdpe&ivcly, as well abfent as prefent, infants, femes covert, lunaticks, idiots, and perfons under any other difability whatfoever, bodies politic, corporate, collegiate, aggregate or foie, as well as all other perfon or perfon3 whom foe ver, and all and every fuch owners, occupiers, and proprietors, and aH and every perfon and perfons interefted in fuch lands, tenements, buHdings, houfes, grounds, or hereditaments, fo purchafed as afoicuid, (hall thereby be from thenceforth to all intents and puipofcs divefted of all right, claim, intereft, or pro-pert y of, in, tc, or out of the fame, and for the fummon-jng and returning of fuch jury and juries, the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered from time to time to iffue their warrant or warrants to the fherift of the faid county of Dublin, or county of the city of Dublin, as the cafe may be, thereby requiring him to nu**,, pannel, fummon, and return an indifferent jury of twenty-four perfons, to appear before the faid truftees, or any three or more of them, at fuch time and place as in fuch warrant (hall be appointed, of which time and place all per-fous interefted (hail have fourteen days notice given, or left	'

in manner aforefaid, and the faid fheriff is hereby required to impannd, fummon, and return fuch twenty-four perfons accordingly, and out of the perfons fo impannelled, fummoned, and returned, or out of fuch of them as (hall appear, the faid truftees (hall caufe ,to be fworn twelve, who fhafl be the jury for the purpofes aforefaid, and fipr dcfcult of a fufficicnt number of jurymen, the faid (heriff

| (hall

%

A. D.

1788. Chap. 48.

Perfon* concerned may challenge jury as hex cm.

Prrebafe merry to he paid our of produce of toll*.

Vo r'mtrnfl. to h« carried into execution till notice pivtn in Dublin newspaper.

The twenty-eighth Tear of George IIL

(hall return fo many* flanders-by as fhall be neceffary to make up tho number of twelve, to ferve on fuch jury.

XX. Provided always. That all perfons concerned (hall have their lawful challenges, but not to challenge the array of the pannel, againft any of the faid jurymen when they come to be fvvorn, and the faid truftec^or any three or more of them, a&ing in the premifes, fhall have power from time to time to impofe any teafonable fine or fines on fuch fhe-riff, bailiffs, or agents, making default in the premiffes, and on any of the perfons that fhall be fummoned and returned on fjch pannel, and fhall not appear, or fhall refufe to be fwom on the faid jury, or to give their verdid, or in any manner wilfully fhall negled their duty therein, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, and on any of the perfons who being required to give evidence touching the premifes, fhall refute to be examined or give evidence, and from time to time to iffue their warrant to levy fuch fine and fines off the goods and chattels of fuch perfons fo fined, wherever they may be found, fo as that no fuch fine (hall exceed the fum of forty fhillings upon any one perfou for any one offence

XXL And be it further enaded, That all fums of money as fhall be agreed for, or affeffed as aforefaid, for the purchafe of fuch houfes, lands, tenements, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, fo to be taken or made part of the faid roads, by being added thereto, for widening the fame, or making foot-paths, may be paid out of the produce of the tolls arifing by virtue of this ad ; and that upon payment of the purchafe money fo agreed for or affeffed, or tender thereof, and refufal to accept the fame; or in cafe any perfon entitled to receive the fame (hall, after fix days notice given, or left at his or her honfe, or at the houfe of the tenant or occupier of fuch ground, refufe or negled to receive the fame, and to execute a proper deed of conveyance to the faid truftees, or in cafe the title fhall be difputcd, then, upon the faid purchafe money being, by order of tha truftees, lodged in the high court of chancery, it fhall be lawful for the faid truftees, their workmen and labourers, to add fuch houfes and grounds to the faid roads, in order to widen them, or to make foot-oatha thereon, without the let, hindrance, or interruption of any perfon whatfoever.

XXII. P. ovided always. That no coutra& or agreement, nor the vcr. i<ft of any jury as aforefaid, fhall be carried into execution, unlefs a notice fhall have been given in fome Dublin daily newfpaper, by order of the truJices, fet-ting forth the day, hour, and place, when and where the Uni ft ecs intend to meet all perfons^ in/ order to carry into



Digitized by

The twenty-eighth Tear of George III.	571

execution fuch, agreement or verdift, which notice (hall be A D. publifhed thirty-one days at the lead before the day therein 1788. appointed for fuch meeting.	Chap. 48.

XXIII. And be it enafted, That out of the tolls that V——w (hall from time to time be received at the feveral gates, any ^vc nrftee» five of the faid tigfaes affembltd at a board, may order to

be paid all necenSy expellees incurred, in order to carry	this

this aft into execution, or that may be neceffary to be ex-	to he paid

pending in widening any of the faid roads, and making fences	°f toh«-

inftead of thofe which may be thereby dtftroyed, in making, gravelling, or repairing foot paths on or contiguous to any of the faid roads, or new levelling, forming and moulding the faid roads, or building pipes, fewers or gullets, to pre-ferve and make them move fafe and commodious, or for repairing and gravelling any part of the faid roads, and may direft and order fuch work as they may deem neceffary to be executed at any time of the year.

XXIV.	And be it enafted, That if any fuit (hall be Suits to be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing wniTn^raim done in purfuance of this aft, that in every fuch cafe the <>ai monihn aftion or fuit fliall be commenced within fix calendar months fcc.

ne*t after the faft (hall be committed and not afterwards, and (hall be laid in the faid county of Dublin, or. county of the city of Dublin, as the cafe may be, and not elfewhere, and the defendant or defendants in iuch aftion or aftions to be brought, (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give ‘this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft, and if it fliall appear fo to have been done, or that fuch aftion or fuit was brought eft or the time before limited, or in any other county or place than in the faid county of Dublin, or county of tlu <,ity of Dublin, that then the jury fliall find for the defendant or defendants, and upon fuch verdift, or if the plaintiff (hall be non-fuited, or difeontinue his aftion after the defendant or defendants fiiall have appeared, or if on any demurrer judgment fiiall be given againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover double cofls, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

XXV.	And for as much as the money to be colleftcd Truftcr* n*T by icceipt of the toll by the faid recited aft, and. this aft afllpn over to Ms granted, will not at prefent be fufficient for the fpeedv wi- for thr pu’ptMe dening and making of the faid roads, be it further enafted,

That the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall and no more. may, aftd are hereby empowered from time to time, in writing under their refpeftive hand? and feal$ to aflign over

• the

*

j7 *	Tbt	kmtaty-a€»«org* in.

A. D.

17*8.

Chap. 48.

«

loot, per annum to be let apart to pay the principal.

The manner in which payment* are to bo made.

Ground* herein not to be opened without concern.

*

the {aid toll or doty by the faid ad, and thin ad granted, or any part thereof tho code and chargee whereof to be borne and paid out of fuch toll or duty for any time or term* during the continuance of this a£fc, as a feeurity for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of one thoufimd pound*, by them to tafcprrowed for that purpofe, to fuch perfon or perfont, oflHRir trudees, who (hall advance aod lend the fame, to fecure the re-payment thereof with intereft, not exceeding the lawful rate of m-tereft, which faid money when borrowed (hall be applied and difpofed of widening and making the faid roads, or fuch of them ae the faid trudees fhaU think proper, and to no other ufe, intent or purpofe whatsoever.

XXVI. And in order to provide a meant for the payment of the principal monies fb to be borrowed, be it further enacted, That the faid trudees (1 all yearly, and every year after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, until the whole thereof be paid, fet apart out of the tolls and duty to be received by them, not lefe than the fum of one hundred pounds, and (hall yearly and every year pay off and discharge at lead one hundred pounds of fuch fum, until the whole thereof ibaU be paid.

XXVIL. And be it conned, That when any fuch ‘payment is to be made, the faid trudees, or any three of them, (hall caufe the mknbers of the debentures or receipts which (hall be given for the fums then deeding out, and the fums therein contained to be written on tickets or pieces of paper, and rolled up and put into a bon and well mixed, and no indifferent pertoa (hall in the psffcnce of the (aid trudees, or any three of them, on fuch day ** fu.di he appointed for that purpofe, of which notice by advert!foment in any public newfpaper (hall be given at lord twenty days before, draw out of th. faid box fo many of the laid tickets or pieces of paper, as that the fums therein contained (hall amount to the principal fum fb to be paid off, and the perfon or per-Ions, the number of wbofe debentures or receipts (had be fo drawn, (hall be paid by the treafurcr to the faid trudees, the principal fum or fume with the inteveft due, and upon fuch payment the debentures or receipts fo paid (hall be delivered up and cancelled, and all intered fhnfl ceafe from the expiration of ten days after the day of fuch drawing.

XXVIII. And b« it further enacted, That no ground of any perfoa lying contiguous to any of the faid roads, confiding of an orchard, yard, planted walk, lawn or avenue to, or part of the demefne belonging to the manfion boufc of any perfon, (hall be opened, cleared, 01 laid into any of the faid roads, without the confent in writing of filch perfon or perfons.

XXIX. And

The tmtiy-tigblb Ttat of Gtofgfc III.	573

X&fX. And be it further Inafttd, That the faid tnlftet* A. D.

W any five or more of them, may appoint a fatary 17&8. for a clerk payable out of the laid tolls not exceeding thirty pounds ft e ding by the year, for his trouble in fiich Tniftecs to office. '	appoint	a	friary

XXX.	And V it runhet enaftal, That this fhatl for a dak> &£‘ take place on th^tenth day of April, one tboufand feven

hundred and eighty-eight, and fhall continue for and during the term of thirty-one years.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted. That this aft fhafl a public »a. be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be p public aft, and

be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, jufHctt, and other perfons, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CHAP. XL1X.

A1 Act to explain, amend, and render more eJfeBual an A3 pajfid in the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign of His frefint Mm-jefly. King George the Third, Entitled, An AS t<o efiabhfi? the Bufinefs of a Pawnbroker, and to autborife fuch Perfims ms fbeul he duly qualified to curry on tJct famt, As lend Monty on Pawns or Pledges, and to reitrve Intercfl at a higher Rate them heretofore was recoverable by Law,

TT7HEREAS an aft pafied in the tweoty^fixth year of ** the reign of htsprefent Majefty, King George the third entitled, An a8 to efiMtfh rise bufinefs of a feoam-bnp-irr, end to authorize fuch perfons at fhall be duly quaTtficcfao carry on the famet to lend money on fawns or fledges, and to receive interefi at a higher rate than heretofore was recoverable by law : and whereas federal perfons not duly qualified, generally and commonly called ufurers, pnefutne to foOotfr, exererfe, and carry on the bufinefs of a pawn-broker, by praftitiug artful and undue means to evade the penalties, payable by fuch unqualified perfons ns fet forth io faidrtcitod aft to the manifeft injury of the illiterate and poorer daft of borrowers : for remedy whereof, be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent MajcRy, by and oath the advice •and con font of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefedt Parliament affembkd, and by the authority of the lame, That if any perfon or perfons, not hft-ing duly qualified and licenfod fhall, in any manner, prp-ifume to ufe, exeroife, or carry cm the £aid trade or bufiutde cf a pawn-broker, ox fhall make up aay fum required by any borrower or borrowers, by giving goods in part of £ofh fum, or R ail buy, or agree to buy, or receive anyplodge or pledges, at any certain price or price* wd flttil JKtttfn

the

Preamble:

3. e.43.

im.

5 74 A. D.

1788. Chap.+9.

Ificcnfe not to be granted, unltfs certificate;! be obtained as herein, &c.

The twenty-eighth Tear qf George III.

fame, or part thereof, to fuch borrower, at a higher of greater value than fuch pledge or pledges had been refpcc-tively rated at when pledged or depofited, whereby to gain or obtain an exorbitant iniereit or profit for any fum fo lent or advanced, every fuch perfon fo offending, upon due proof thereof being made upon oath, before any jufticc of the peace, acting within his jurifdi&ion, by one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or by the confeflion of faid perfon, (hall forfeit and pay, for each and every fuch offence, the Gun of five pounds tterling, and (hail alfo return the faid goods, or the value thereof, upon being repaid the exad fum borrowed, one half of each of the faid fines to be paid to the refpedtive perfons who (hall profecute fuch offender, and the other half to be paid to the minifter or churchwardens of the parilh wherein fuch offender then refides, for the u(e of the poor of fuch parilh ; and in cafe any fuch fine lhall remain unpaid for the fpace of twenty four hours next after the adjudication thereof as aforefaid, the juftice who (hall have heard the complaint (hall have power, and is hereby authorized and required to iffue a warrant under his hand and leal, to levy faid fine, for the purpofes afore* laid, by dill refs and fale of the offender’s goods, faid fine of five pounds, and every of them, to be levied and paid, over and above the fines fet forth in faid recited a6t payable by any unqualified perlbn or perfons who (hall prefume to carry on or exercife the faid buiiucfs.

II. Ai.d whereas it is proper and ncceffary, that each and every pawn-broker refiding within the diflri£l of the metropolis of the city of Dublin, or within three miles thereof (tumid procure and enter into new fecurities more ample, and for the greater faftty and fatisfit&ion of all borrowers, than are required by the laid recited a&: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon or perfons (hall be capable or qualified to carry on the bufinefs of a pawnbroker, who ftiall not within three calendar months next after the palling of this a<ft, or previous to his or her obtaining a lietnie to carry on the faid bufinefs of a pawnbroker, proeme a certificate from the minifter and church-waidena of the parilh wherein fuch pawn-broker, or any perfon intending to become a pawn-broker refides, or a certificate from five reputable relident citizens, declaring their knowledge of, and belief that the perfon fo certified by them* is fit and proper to be entrulled with the exercife of the faid bufinefs, and who (hall not alfo obtain a certificate from the commiflionerg of police of the diftrift of the metropolis of the faid city, for ,the time being, or any two of them, under their hands, of his or her fitnefs to be entrufted in carrying on faid bqftnefs: and thereupon fuch perfon (hall

execute

The twenty-eighth Tear of George III.

575

A. 1>.

1788. Chap. 49.

No perfontn

execute a bond for one thoufand pounds (lerling, payable to the pcrfon or perfons, and for the purpofcs mentioned in faid recited ad for each pawn-broker to pay, and (hall alfo procure three other fufficient and fubilantial perfons to become his or her furetics, each of whom to be full approved of by the faid commiffioners of police, or any two of them, under their hands, which furetics fo approved of, (hall enter into and execute feparate bonds, each for the fum of three hundred pounds {lerling, payable to the perfon or perfons as aforefaid, conditioned for the true and faithful discharge of the feveral and refpedive duties, obligations, and engagements of fuch pawn-broker, as are fet forth in this and faid recited ad, that no pawn-broker who hath heretofore paid fees on pacing the fecurities required on commencing faid biifinefs, (hall pay any further fees to the town-clerks or regifter for entering into faid new fecurities, but that upon the death or failuie of any of faid fureties, the faid pawnbrokers fhall be. and they are hereby required refpedively to procure a new or frefh furety, in the place of the furety fo dying or failing, for the fum herein mentioned, to be approved of as aforefaid, under the penalties fet forth in faid recited ad.

III.	And be it further declared and enacted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon whatever (hall, after the ;*j pawnbroker

. • r r • 1 t	V	1	. Without	giving

expiration of faid three months, cxercife or carry on the fecuhty. faid bufinefs of a pawn-broker, who fhaH not have firft given and entered into the fever al fecurities hereby required, under the feveral fines and penalties mentioned in this and faid recited ad, that unqualified perfons are fubjed to.

IV.	And it is hereby further declared and cnaded by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any pawn-brpker within faid dill rid of the metropolis, or within three miles thereof, and any borrower {hall have any difpute touching or concerning any pawn or pledge whereon any fum, not exceeding forty (billings, (hall have been lent, fuch difpute (hall be heard and determined, in a fummary way, by the divifional magiflrate of the dillrid or diviiion wherein fuch pawn-broker refides, or if in the county of Dublin, and without the diltrid of the metropolis, by any jutlice of peace of the faid county 5 and in cafe either party (hall be aggrieved by fuch determination, fuch difpute (ball be heard and determined by the faid commifiioners of police, or any two of them, whofe adjudication, under their hands and feals, (hall be final 5 and where any difpute (hall arife as aforefaid, touching or concerning any pawn or pledge whereon'a greater fum than forty (hillings (hall have b£en lent/ fuch difpute (hall, in the like manner, be heard and determined in a fummary way* by the find coofmifiioners,

j or

Dilutes determined m herein*

tized by Google

Tki twni*j*ghlb 27sr of George ill.

or any two of them, under their hands and feats, who are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine aH fuch difputes; but (hould either party be aggrieved by fuch determination, be or (he (hall be at liberty to appeal therefrom to the court of quarter feffions, held for the county of the city of Dublin, provided that fuch appeal be lodged in the town-clerk's office, within fix days after fuch determination, and fecurity equal to the matter in eonteft be entered into by the appellant to abide the adjudication of feid court, which (hall be final and conclufive to all parties m all filch cafes*	^

.	■	V.	And	be	it al(b further declared and enacted by the

been ftolcn, ** authority aforefaid, That whenever it (hall appear dearly to pawnbroker the fatiifaftion of the (aid commiffioners of police, or any disqualified. two of them, upon due proof being made upoa the oath of one or more credible witoefs or witnefles, that any pawnbroker aforefaid (ball have bought, exchanged, or taken in pawn, any goods or chattels, knowing the fame to have been frolen or fraudulently obtained, that then the (aid com-mifiionens of police, or any two of them, fhaH certify the feme in writing, under their hands and feds, which certifi* cate (hall be lodged and remain as of record in the town clerk’s office of the city of Dublin, and fuch pawn-broker (hall therefrom immediately be deprived of hi* or her licenfc to carry on the feid bufinefs, ami be disqualified from ever a&iag in or cxercifing the trade or bufinefs of a pawnbroker.

If proved

Appeal as VI. Provided always. That if any peribo jot pcrfoaifeall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfslue* aggrieved by any fuch adjudication or certificate of (aid commiffionem, he, (he, or they (haB he at liberty within the fpage of one week, to appeal therefrom to the quarter-feffions of the peace held for the -county of the city of Dublin, whole adjudication (hall he final and couclufiic, and (hould any perfoa thus deprived of liorofe, prefume to carry cm, or escrcife faid bufinefs of * pawn-broker, filch perfon (haU be liable to all the forfri-and penalties that unqualified perfons arc rcfpe&ivdy fobjed to, asfet forth in this and faid recited a&.

VXJU And whereas the altering or defacing the names, cyphers, ercAs, or arms, engraved upon plate, or watches, after the feme base been unlawfully or fdoaiouOy takenfrom the right owners thereof, in many indances prevents thp dif-eovny and detection of thefts and robberies, and of other offences ; be it-eoafibed by the authority afbeefeid. That no ^	I**®00	wbofeever,	(hall,	upon	any pretence, change,

idler- ^Xe*9 Qr	the snmeengraved upon any watoh, at the

cdooany "	**3m,qr	owner	thereof,	or	the	number	of	fuch	watch,	or

Watch, Ctc. be-	Wfcs	P*	W	ftf sens, or ortft there-

1

on.

The twenty-eighth Tear rf George III.

on, or on any part or cafe thereof, nor (hall any perfon change, alter, or deface the name, cypher, creft, or arms*, engraved upon any article, or piece of family plate, Whether gold or filver, without the confent of the owner thereof in writing, or of fome perfon duly authorized to fell the fore fold at fame, or give fuch content, unlefs fuch articles as afore- au&»on» faid, (hall, before that time, be fairly and openly fold by a ce^ aU 0 reputable au&ioneer, at a public au&ion duly advertifed ; mnd in cafe any perfon (hall fo alter, change, or deface the	*

name engraved on any watch, as the maker or owner thereof, or the number of fuch watch, or place where made, or (hall alter, change, or deface the name, cypher,* creft, or arms on the fame, or any part or cafe thereof, or on any article, or piece of family plate, whether the fame be of gold or filver, or (hall employ any perfon fo to do, or be in anywife a(Hfting in the doing the fame, or in caufing or procuring the fame to be done, every fuch perfon not being authorised, or not having bought faid articles at publick auction at aforefaid, (hall be indi&abk, triable, and purvifhable in like manner, as receivers of ftolen goods, knowing the fame to ftolen, are by law indi&able, triable, and punilhahle.

VIII.	And whereas it would be highly improper, that any borrower (hould be liable to pay any pawn-broker, for more than one duplicate, for any fum fuch borrower may

want, it is therefore hereby declared and ena&ed, That no $Utnibomw^ pawnbroker (hall divide the fum any borrower (hall want not to be J into fmaller Turns, in order to entitle fuch pawn-broker to divided, receive payment for more than one duplicate; and in cafe any pawn broker (hall demand and receive payment for . more than one duplicate, for any fum authorised to be lent by this a£t as aforefaid, fuch pawn-broker (hall, for evwy fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty-lhillings, oft due proof thereof being made, on the oath of any credible witnefs, before any juftice of the peace, acting within his jurisdiction, and if faid fine be not forthwith paid, faid juftice (hall iffue a warrant Under his hand and feal to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, which fine, when levied, (hall be paid to the minifter ot* church wardens of the parifh wherein (aid offender refides, for the ufe of the poor thereof.

IX.	And whereas the fword bearer of the city of Dub* lin, and the marihal of faid city, have been time immemorial in the receipt of certain fees, for the appraifement of goods and articles pledged or pawned in the city and county of the city of Dublin aforefaid, which fees and emolument# will ceafe, fo far as relates to the appraifing of pawns or pledges in the bands of pawn .brokers, immediately oi^and after the paffing of this : and whtrfas thi (aid fword*

VofcVlII.	O	»	bearer.

Digitize Google

The tmwUy^ihth Tear of George III.

bearer, and (aid martbal, hare alfo been time ImmenSorial employed as audioneers for the fale of all pledges that had been forfeited : and whereas from the endieafeof the faid pawn-broking bufinefs, it is neccflary that two more au&i-oneers for the fale of all pledges that bad been forfeited : and whereas from the encreafe of the faid pawn-broking bufinefs, it it neccflary that two more audioneers (hould be appointed for the purpofe of felling fuck pledges for pawnbrokers as (ball be forfeited by or under this or faid recited ad; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, *That the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or gover-nor8 I^knd ^or time being, (hall have power and authority to nominate and appoint during pleafure two other audioneers, to the end, that there (hall be one audiooeer in each of the wards or divifions of the diftrid of the metropolis of the county of the city of Dublin, and that the faid two perfons io nominated and appointed, (hall have power to ad as audioneera within the divifional diftrid or ward, to which they (hall be refpedively appointed.

^To take Oath X Provided always. That filch perfon or perfons (hall * c* previoufly comply with the forms herein after recited, and alfo take and fubferibe fuch oath as is preferibed by this ad ; and that the faid fword bearer, and faid marihal, an<\ alfo the (aid other two perfons nominated and appointed as ' afore fa id, (hall, for the fale of pawn-brokers pledges, ad within their refpedive divifional di ft rids, for faid purpofes, that is to fay, the Rotunda divifion or diftrid, and Stephen* s-Grecn divifion or diftrid, (hall be, and they are hereby appointed for the faid fword bearer, and (aid mar-(hal, and their afliftants, to ^rry on, and exercife their buft-nefs of audioneers therein refpedively, and that the other two ptflfons to be nominated and appointed as aforefaid, and their afliftants (hall have the other two divifional diftiids, for the exercife of their faid bufinefs of audioneers therein, w	in	the	like manner, that each of faid four audioneers (hall

have ,a proper and commodious public fale room as nearly central in each divifion as conveniently may be had, that no ^	one	of faid audioneers (hall, upon any pretence whatever*

fell or difpofe of any pledges for any pawn-broker, or (hall caufc the fame to be fold in any other diftrid or divifion, than the one to which he then 23, or (hall be appointed as aforefaid, but that each and every pawn-broker within the diftrid of the metropolis of faid city, or within three miles thereof, (hall be at liberty to employ any one of faid four audioneers, for the (ale of his or her pledges when forfeited, as fet forth in this and faid recited ad ; and in cafe anyone of faid auctioneers (hall fell or difpofe of any pawn or pledge for any pawn-broker, or (hall caufe the fame to be

fold

A. I>.

1788. Chap* 49.

2 additional

Digitized by CjOOQle

- .. j

The twenty-eighth Year ef George IIL

579

- fold In any other divtfion or diflrid than In the one he then A. D* is appointed to, fuch audioneer fo offending, (hall, for each 1788. and every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum-of ten pounds Chap* 49. fterling7 upon due proof thereof being made before any two juflices of the peace of (aid city, upon the oath of any two or more credible witneffes, and in cafe faid fine (hall not be paid within fix days after fuch adjudication, faid juflices are hereby required to ifiue a warrant under their hands and feals, for the purpofe qf levying faid fine, by diflrefs and feal of the offender's goods, and the faid fine, and every fuch fine whenkvied, (hall be paid to the minifter or church-war-dens of me parilh, wherein the offender then refides, for the ufe of the poor thereof*'

XI. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Eachauc-faid, That the faid fword bearer and marfhal, and alfo the tioneer to per-faid other two audlioneers to be nominated and appointed ah?nd> from time to time as aforefaid, (hall, previous to their ex- M “ercm% * crcifing the.bufinefs of an £udioneer under the authority of this ad, refpedively enter into, and perfed a feparate bond for one thoufand pounds (lerling, payable to the ptrfon or perfons, to whom the pawn-brokers bonds of faid city are made payable, for the due and faithful difehar^e of the duties of their office, and that each of the faid four audioneers (hall procure three other fubftantial and fufficient perfons, each of whom (hall be bound in the fum of ttfree hundred pounds (lerling, payable as aforefaid, for the pur- . pofe of .having the feveral trulls repofed in each of the faid audioneers duly and faithfully difeharged without lofs or injury, occafioned by them, or any of them, or by any perfon ading for, or employed by faid audioneers refpec-tively, and that the feveral perfons propofed to become fureties as aforefaid, for faid four audioneers, (hall firll be approved of by the faid commiffioaers of police, or any two of them, undei* their hands, before they or any of faid perfons carf be admitted as their refpedive fureties.

XII.	And be it alfo further enaded by the authority Audioneers aforefaid. That each of the faid four audioneers, before to make Oath, he (hall ad or officiate as fuch, (KaH take and fhbfcribe the following oath of office, to be fworn before two of the faid commiffioners of police, who are hereby authorized and required to adminifler the fame, which oath (hall be fairly copied and annexed to their refpedive bonds, and fafely kept by the town clerks of faid city, and remain in their office as of record, for the fatisfadion and fafety of fuch perfons as (hall have occafion to employ faid audioneers, and that (aid oath (hall be in the following words, that is to fay:

O o 3

I A.B.

Digitized by

*

♦

fbe t&enlynglth fear of George Itt.

/ A. B. Jo fwear9 that I will upon all occasions do jtf M to the utmoj} of my power, in the execution and difebarge if Chap. 49. the duties (f my office as an auHioneer, and that J will upon the fade or fades of fuchfoods as /hall he committed to my care, bona fide, Jkttt dr coup the fata goods to he fold, without any fraudp favour, or colhfon, againjlf to or with dny perfon or >	ferfotis whdtfotver\ to the hefl and.fairejl bidders, and will ess*

ter, or caufe to he entered\ the exalt and reel price or prices for %hich the fame Jhall be rcjpeffively foldy in order to render fa* tisfaSion to all fuch per Jon and perfons as Jhall he concerned or hxtercjled in the premises.

So ht^pe Godi

rfco

A. D.

AMitefcc*

\

ftorfee as' rrui for Turns

ajuvc:4». Ac.

XIII.	And whereas it is neceflary to afeertain the fees to be charged on the Idle and ftles of all fuch goods as (hall be fold by faid four auftioneers refpeftively, for faid pawnbrokers or tmy of them ; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the pafling of this aft, the fees on the refpeftive fales to be held by faid auftioneers refpeftively, (hall be as follows, that is to fay, one penny fees to be taken for each and every fhillmg for any article, or number of articles, the property of any one perfon that /hall be fold for any ftim not amounting to twenty {hillings, and one (hilling and four pence fees rateably in proportion for any article or number of articles fold as aforefaid, for any fum amounting to twenty (hillings, and not exceeding forty (hillings, and one (hilling fees for each and every pound fterling, for any article, or number of articles fold as aforefaid, for any greater fum than forty (hillings, and that the faid rates of fees chargeable as aforefaid, on the falc and fales of all pledges ihall be inftead of all other de- * tnands heretofore charged, fuch as ware-hoiife and auftion-room rent, advertifing in the public news papers, hand bills, polling and dillrrbuting the fame, and alfo clerks and porten •for their attendance on fuch fales.

XIV.	And whereas if regular and proper notices or fum* monfes were to be duly ferved on the refpeftive perfons who /hall have pledged goods with any pawn-broker reftdent Within the diftrift or the metropolis of the city of Dublin, or within three miles thereof, it would render the appraife-thent of fuch goods fo depofited, as fet forth and required by faid recited aft unncceffary, and thereby confidently reduce the cxpcnce of proceeding to the fale of fuch pledges: be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That rto pawnbroker aforefaid,* (nail procure an appraife. ment of any pawn or pledge depofited with him or her, but instead of fuch appraifement^ as is fet forth in faid recited aft, each and every of the faid pawn-brokers on the

4	expiration

Digitized by Google •

'Tie twcnty-p^th Tear of George III. *	5®A

aspiration of the time mentioned therein for the releafe and A. P* redemption qf fuch pledges refpc&ively, where the fum 1.73d. lent thereon amounts to four killings, it being hereby de- Chap. 49* dared unnecellary to ferve either notices, or bills of ap-	rtk

praifement for fuch pledges, or for any (mailer fum, fhall pbtain a proper and futiicient notice or fummons from the regifyer of faid bufinefs for the time being, in which notice ■ or fumrpons, (hall be fet forth the fum borrowed, a fche-dule of the goods deported for luch fum, and alio fhall require the borrower tq redeem the fame within fourteen days after fuch notice or fummons (hall he ferved on fuch borrower, if to be found in the houfc where fuch borrower declared he or (he relided at the time of pledging faid goods, provided faid houfe be within the circular road of laid city of Dublin, ^nd that laid notice or fummons (hall alfo mention the particular ^ivifional au&iou-i^pm wherein, faid goods (hall \)C fold, if not redeemed as aforefaid, by paying the principal fum lent, and the interell and cods due thereon as allowed by this aft, that faid regiifer (hal( be obliged to employ intelligent and proper perfons to ferve faid notices or fummonfes, for whofe conduct he (hail be accountable, touching the true fervice thereof, which notices are to fee refpe&ively ferved as aforefaid, within fix days after faid rftpettive pawn-brokers (hall require in writing (aid regifter fo to do, and that faid regifter (hall receive and be paid hy the faid refpe&ive pawn-brokers three pence for each and every fuch fummons or notice ferved on the rtfpc&ive borrowers, or on their declared places of refir dence as aforefaid, and (hall enter the fame in a proper re-gifyry-bbok, to be kept by him for that purpofe, where the principal fum lent amounts to fbiy: (hillings, and does not exceed twenty (billings# and foil* pence for each and every fummons or notice ferved n* aforefaid* where the principal fqm lent amount* to mqre than twenty (hjllings, atid in. cafe any lofs (hall be fuftained by any pawn-broker, or other perfon, on account of the nonderviceof any fuch fummon3 or notice as required by tbis aft, the fai,d regifter (hall make good the fame.

XV.	And be it further enafte<J by the a\tfborky afore- Sales to be faid, That all (al^s held for, or on account of pawn-bro- advcrtifediw kers, by any one of fayl four auctioneers, or by any of, hcre,D* their reipeftive aihftants, (hall be duly and publickly ad-vertifed at lead three days, previous to the'refpcftive days, of fale, in the manner that has been cuitomary and ufual (or fuch (ales to be advertifed, and that no pawn-broker refident within the diftrift of the metropolis of the city of Dublin, or within three miles thereof, Yliall fell, or caufe tq, t^e fold, any pledge of pledges iq any other place than

Digitized by ^.ooQle

58.

A. D.

1788. Chap. 49.

AffifUnt to nukto^h.

The twenty-eighth Tsar of George III.

in one of the laid divifional au&ion-rooms, of which due notice Ihmll have been* given or ferved as aforefaid, nor by any other perfon than by one of faid four auctioneers, or their refpe&ive affiftants, and for whom, and each of fuch perfoo* the faid auctioneers (hall refpe&ively be accountable, and anfwerable for the conduct of each and every fuch aflift-ant in every particular relating to the premiffes, as fully as if fuch fale or fades had been made and performed in perfoo by any one of (aid auctioneers.

XVI.	And it is alfo hereby declared and enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That no af&ftant or clerk employed by any of faid auctioneers, (hall be permitted to aCt for any one of them, in the fale of any pledge or pledges for any pawnbroker aforefaid, who (hall not previous thereto, take and fubferibe the following oath, that is to (ay, f#

/ A. B. ajftfiant or clerk to C. D. do fwear, that I have read the oath preferibed by this qB tQ. be taken by the faid C. D. and that 1 tcnil fairly and truly carry into ejfeB to the heft of my abilities, the feveral articles and matters therein mentioned, and will, to the utmojl of my power and judgment, do Jlrid jufiice to the faid C. p. and to the feveral pawn-brokers and borrowers, and all other perfons interefied in all fales, which I Jball attend and bold, and in all entries which I JhaU male for and concerning the bvftnefs of a pawn broker or auctioneer, fo long as I Jball continue to ad fir, and be employed by the faid C. D.

So help me God*

Which oath (hall be fairly written, fubferibed, and fworn before the faid commiflioncrs of police, or any two of them, who are hereby authorized and required to adminifter •	the	fame,	in order that it may be depofited in the office

of the town clerks of the city of Dublin, there to remain as of record.

Pawnbroker	XVII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority

in default, for- aforefaid, That in cafe any pawn-broker aforefaid (hall fell, affcnce	or	cau®e	to	anX	pledge	or	pledges, without firlk

obtaining a notice or fummbns, to be ferved on the owner or owners of fuch pledges in the manner fet forth and required by this ad, or (hall fell, or caufe to be fold, any pledge or pledges at any other place than in one of the divisional audion-rooms, which au&ion-room is required to be fet forth, and mentioned in each rcfpe&ive fummons, or by any other peirfou than one of faid four auctioneers, or by the afliftant of one of them who (hall be authorized as afore-faid, fuch pawn-broker fo offending, (hall for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds itcrling,

to,

The twenty-eighth Tear of George III.

to be levied on due proof thereof being made upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before any juf-tice of the peace of the diftrift wherein fuch offence (hall have been committed, which judice is hereby required to if-fue his warrant for the did refs and fale of the offender’s goods, unlefs faid fine (hall be paid within three days^ifter the adjudication thereof which fine, when levied, (hall be given to the minider or church-wardens of the parilh whereip faid offence (hall have been committed, fojr tlje ufe of th£ poor thereof.

XVIIL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That each of faid au£tioncers (hall keep an exact keep an account account of the amount of the goods fold for the refpective a* hcrcm* pawn-brokers, in each and every calendar month, and (hall make returns of faid jrefpective accounts to the regifter fqr the time being, on oath if fo required, within the ne^t Succeeding month after fuch falcs, in order that faid regider ihall annex abdracts thereof to the pawn-brokers return?,

•-and deliver them therewith for the infpection of either )ioufe8 of parliament, in the manner fet forth in faid recited act ; and in cafe faid accounts be not Co kept, and returns made as aforefaid, the refpective auctioneers fo neglecting and offending, (hall forfeit and pay for each and .every fu:h offence, the fpjn of forty (hillings, to be levied by didrefs and fale of the offender’s goods in the manner herein before mentioned, and when levied, to be paid to the mj-nider or church wardens of the parity wherein tlje offender refides.

XIX.	And wheras 'the intereft or profit payable by thfi Rates of In-firft table in faid recited act (hould be reduced, in orde^ tp tereft. accommodate the poorer dafs of borrowers with fuch Amp of money as they or any of them may want upon better and eafier terms ; be it^ enacted by tbe authority aforefaid.

That indead of the rates of intereft fet forth ip faid recited act, it (hall and may be lawful from and after the paffing of this act, for all qualified perfons ujGngor exercifinjg the trade ^ or bufinefs of a pawn-broker, tp demaqd, j-ecclve, and take of and from all and every perfon and perfons applying, or /offering tq, redeem any goods or chattels pawned ortpledged with fuch pawn-broker, a profit after the following rates, over and above the principal fum and fums which,,(hall have been lent and advanced upon the refpective pledge o* pledges, before any fuch pawn-broker (hall be obliged to deliver the fame, and that no higher or greater intered (hall be depended or received by any pawn-broker, upon any pretence whatever, than is fet forth in the following tables, or rates of intereft, viz. for every pledge, upon which there (hall nave been lent any fum above one (hilling, and not exceeding

twq

Au&ioneer to



Digitized by LjOOQle

$84

A. D.

1788. Chap. 49.



The twenty-eighth Tear, of George III.

two (hillings, the fum of one halfpenny, as and for the in-tereft thereof, for any time during which the faid pledge fliajl remain in pawn, not exceeding one calendar month, and the like fum for every fucceeding calendar month, including the current month in which fuch pledge (hall be redeemed, pro* vided there be more than three days of faid current month then expired, for every pledge upon which there (hall have been lent a fum above two (hillings, and not exceeding four (hillings, one penny intereft per month, and if above four (hillings, and not exceeding fix (hillings, one penny halfpenny per month, and if above fix (billings, and not ex>-ceeding eight (hillings, two pence per month, and if above eight (hillings, and not exceeding ten (hillings, two pence halfpenny per month, and if above ten (hillings, and not exceeding twelve (hillings, three pence per month, and if above twelve (hillings, and not exceeding fourteen (hillings, three pence halfpenny per month, and if above fourteen (hillings, and not exceeding fixteen (hillings, four pence per month, and if above fixteen (hillings, and not exceeding eighteen (hillings, four pence halfpenny per month, and if above eighteen (hillings, and not exceeding twenty (hillings, five pence per month, and that for every pledge, upon which there (hall have been lent the fum of one pound two (hillings (lerling, it (hall be lawful for any fuch pawn broker to demand and receive the fum of five pence halfpenny per month and no mors, and for the fum of one pound four (hillings, fix pence per month, and for the fum of one pound fix (hillings, fix pence halfpenny per month ; and for the fum of one pound tight (hillings, feven pence per month ; and foi the fum of one pound ten (hillings, feven pence halfpenny per month ; and for the fum of one pound twelve (hillings, eight pence per month ; and for the fum of one pound fourteen (hillings, eight pence halfpenny per month ; and for the fum of one pound fixteen (hillings, nine pence per month; and for the fum of one pound eighteen (hillings, nine pence halfpenny per month ; and for the fum of two pounds, ten pence per month ; and fo on progref-fively for any fum, not exceeding ten pounds ftcrling, to be paid for by the calendar month, in the manner, and at the rates above mentioned, allowing one halfpenny per month for each and every fum of two (hillings, which fcveral fums of money (hall be in lieu of, and taken as a full (atisfa&km for all intereft due, and charges for wareboufe-room, and for all other expences that may be necefiary for the fafe keeping and preferving all pledges whatlb^ver, upon which money (hall be lent, punujmt to this or faid recited

2P$. And

♦

k

Digitized by

Google

4

The twenty-eighth Tear of George III, -	585

XX.	And whereas it is neceffary in order the better to A. Xk prevent and deted thefts and robberies, that the refptdive 1788. pawn-brokers aforefaid, fhould have ftated times and hours Chap. 49. appointed for them to receive and take in pledges: be it therefore eoa&ed by the authority aforefaid. That no pawn- Time*of broker aforefaid, (hall be allowed to receive or take in any pledges, pledge or pawn upon Sundays, nor before ten o’clock in the morning of any other day in each week, or after four o’clock in the afternoon of any of faid days, between the twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of March, during the winter half year, nor before ten o’clock in the morning as aforefaid, or after feven o’clock in the afternoon of any of faid days, during the fummer hall year, to wit, between the twenty fifth of March, and twenty ninth of September ; and in cafe any pawn-broker aforefaid (hall receive or take, in any pledge on any Sunday or before or after the hours above mentioned, in whiefi pledges are not to be received by them, fuch pawn-broker (hall for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings, due proof thereof being made upon the oath of one or more credible witneis or witndfes, before a juftice of peace of the diftrid wherein fuch offender refides ; and in cafe the faid fine be not paid within three days, the faid juftice is hereby required to iffue a warrant upon demand under his hand and feal to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, and when levied, to be paid to the minifter or church wardens of the pari fh wherein the offender refides, for the ufe of the poor thereof.

XXI.	And be it further enaded by tbe authority aforefaid, That fetch and every pawn-broker aforefaid, (hall, upon entering into, and executing the feveral and refpec~ tive fecurities required by this ad, aud before any fuch pawnbroker (hall have power, or be permitted to exercife the faid bufinefs of a pawn-broker, notwithftanding any thing contained in this ox any other ad to the contrary, each and every fuch pawn-broker refident within the diftrid of faid' city of Dublin, or within three miles thereof, (hall take and fubferibe the following oath, that is to fay:

/ A, B. do /war, that I wtU to the hefl of my under-	Oath to be

flooding and ability, truly, faithfully and boneflly exercifr, and taken by pawn* carry on the buflntft of a pawn-broker, (wrfuant to the feveral broker. and reJpcQive claufes, regulations, and alterations mentioned and Jet forth m this ad, and alfo in faid recited ad, and that / will to the befl of my knowledge, judgment, and belief, make fair and true returns to the rtgjfler of fridbufinefs jor the time



Digitized by

Google

5«6

A, D.

1788. Chad. 49.

Toe twenty-eighth Tear of George III.

being, of the number of funu IJhall+Jend, or caufe to be lent in each calendar month, together with the fum total, or amount of feud fume.

So help me God,

No fine agaiiift pawnbroker, Ac. until duly fum-mined.

Thisadt in force from its receiving the , royal dfenu

A public a&.

Which oath (hall be fairly written, fubferibed, and fwom before two of the faid commiffioners of police, who arc hereby authorized to adminifter the fame, in order that (aid oath may be annexed to the bonds of fuch pawn-broker, and remain therewith in the faid town clerk's office as of record, for the purpofes aforefaid.

XXII. And whereas there are a variety of offences dated in faid recited ad, and alfo in this prefent ad, for which pawn-brokers and audioneers are finable ; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That no fine whatever (hall be determined or adjudged again ft any pawn-broker or audioneer, until fuch pawn-broker or audioneer (hall be duly fummoned to appeal before the judice or judices, before whom complaint* of any of faid offences (hall be made, and that fuch reafonable time (hall be allowed for the atten* dance of fuch pawn broker or audioneer, as the fpecial cafe (hall require, the fervice of every fuch fummons to be proved on the oath of one credible witnefs no way intended in the event of fuch adjudication.

. XXIII. And be it further enaded by the authority, aforefaid. That the feveral and refpedive claufes, natters,, and articles in this ad contained, (hall be in force immedi«, ately after the fame (hall receive the royal affect, and alfo, that all the daufes, matters, and articles contained in faid recited ad, which are not fpecially repealed, altered, on amended by this prefent ad, (hall be, aud they are refpec-tively hereby declared to be in as full force as if this ad had, not been made.	t

XXIV. And be it further enaded by the authority* aforefaid, That this ad (hall be deemed and confidered as?, publick ad, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fqchj. without the f?me being fpecially pleaded.

* * ‘ “ *

' %

CHAP.

V

I

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-eighth Year of George III.

CHAP. Lf

Jin A8 for better fupplying the City of Dublin with IVater, andfor extending the Powers of Qrand Juries, with Re-' /o the Roads lying within the County of the faid City.

WHEREAS by an aft paffed in the fifteenth and fixteenth year® of his prefent Majefty’s reign, it is apiongft other things enafted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, on * thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, every owner or pccupier of every houfe iii the faid city of Dublin, {hall, and they are by the faid aft required under the direftion of the proper officer or officers of* the faid city, to provide for the ufe of fuch houfe or houfes, one branch or leaden pipe of the qfua] and ac-cullomed dimenfions, to convey the water fforp the feveral iriain pipes, that then were, pr thereafter might be laid in tHe feveral ftreets, alleys, yards, courts, fquares, lanes, or on the quays in the (aid city, into fuch houfe or houfes in the (aid city : and whereas, by an act paffed in the nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefty, it was recited, that the fqid acf of the fifteenth and fixteenth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, required in fome particulars to be explained and amended ; and it was therefore enacted. That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufapd feven hundred and- eighty, every owner or occupier of every houfe in the laid city of Dublin, its liberties, and fuburbs, and in fuch parts of the county of Dublin, and ptber diftricts, as were contained within the limits aforefaid, (hall and are thereby required under the direction of the proper officer or officers of the faid city, to provide for the uie of fuch houfe or houfes a ferule branch or leaden pipe, of the ufual and approved di-mentions, to convey the water from the federal pipes that then were, or thereafter fhould be laid in the feveral ftreets, alleys, yards, courts, fquarcs, lanes, or on the quays in the faid city, its liberties and fuburbs into fuch houfe or houfes, within the limits aforefaid in each cafe refpectively: and whereas many doubts and difficulties have arifen as to the conllruction of the faid acts, and as to the extent of the limits and places thereby intended to be comprifed within what is fit the faid laft mentioned act mentioned to be the city of Dublin, its liberties and fuburbs, and fuck parts of the county of Dublin, and other diftricts as are contained within the limits aforefaid; and whereas it would tend much

.to

Pjeafnble.

%

•r

Digitized by L.ooQle

$88	77*	twenty-eighth	Tear	of	George	III.

A. D.

1788. Chap. 50.

AK-mey Uy

rs

***» bcfcb.

to the convenience and benefit of the inliabitants of the fuborbs of the faid city of Dublin, and the Gerties thereunto adjoining, that are not at prefent fapplied with water* if the corporation of the (aid city of Dublin were to be a]. lowed and authorized to extend their pipe-water works, and lay down new and additional main-pipes fur conducting water through fuch parts of the fubdrb? of the faid city, ' as lie within the Hmits of the circular road, and as are not fituate within the liberties of Saint Sepulchre's, 'Hiomax, Court and Donore ; in order therefore to remove and explain the doubts and difficulties afbrefaid, or any other doubts or difficulties concerning the faid acts of the fifteenth and fixteenth, and the nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and to enable the corporation of the city of Dublin to extend their pipe-water works, and to levy and di(train for the rent or annual fun* bet cm after refereed and made payable to the laid city for the lame in all places through which the fame hath been* and ffiaQ be extended by virtue of this and of the faid above in part recited ads: be it enaded by the King's mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords (piritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afftmbled, and by the authority of the feme. That from and after the paffing of this aid, it (hall and may be Iawfid for the lord mayor, fheritfs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, and their fucccflors, and the persons by them authorized and appointed to extend* maintain, and fupport their pipe-water works, to lay down, fuch main-pipes for condudmg the water in all and every past and parts of the city of Dublin, and the fuburba. thereof, fituate, lying, and being within the diftrid or boundary of the circular road, fave and except the liberties tt£ Saint Sepulchre's, Saint Thomas Court, and Donore afovdaid, whether within the liberties of the faid city of Dublin, or whether they be within the county of Dub* lin at large, and not including within any liberties what«s foever, as they (hall think proper, for the benefit and convenience of' the inhabitants refiding within the faid limits and boundary of the circular road, but fubjed nevcrthelefs to the fevers! regulations and reftri&ions relative to the breaking up of the pavement of the faid city, fuburbs, and liberties, for the purpofe of laying down or repairing mains or pipes enaded and preferibed in and by the ad parted in the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign* entitled. An a8'for the improvement of tktLcit* cf DMs, and the environs thereof by the better pavrig, tight* tag* and clearing the fume, and to the penalties therein mentionedfar not complying therewith,; and; that every owner an^

QQCU^iof

OxfTWIof

The twenty-eighth Tear ef George HL

tseeupier of every houfe within the faid boundary rf the circular road afotdhrd, favfc within the liberties of Stint Sepulchre’s, Thomas-Cpurt, and Dooore afovcfeid, <h«fl> and they are hereby required under the direction of the proper officer or officers of the faid city, to provide for the life of fuch houfe or houfes, a ferule branch or leaden pipe of the ufual and approved dimen£oas, with a copper ball, branches, ate. Commonly called a flop-cock at the end thereof, to convey except as herein the water from the feveral pipes that now are, or hereafter (hall be laid ia the feveral ftreets, alleys, yards, courts, fquares, lanes, or on the quays in the (aid city, and the fuburbs thereof, within the dtftri& or boundary of the circular road, except within the liberties of Saint Sepal* chre’e, Thomas-Court, and Doncwe above excepted, into fuch houfe or houfe*, within the limits of tift circular road aforefaid, in each cafe refpeflively,

II.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That Bt&rm

Oil and every houfe and houfes, and aft and every brewer, to p*j ashcrciaj

tnaltfter, diitiller, fugur-baker, tanner, (kroner, dyer, and

every other perfon or perfons who (hall make ufe of the

laid water in the faid feveral trades, occupations, or marra*

fa&ures within the limits of this a&, fhaU pay to the faid

lord mayor, (heriffs, commons, and citizens of the city of

Dublin, or to the officers or colle&onB, by them authorixed

and appointed, the feveral fums rated by the faid a£t of

the nineteenth and twentieth years of his prefent Majcfty,

and (hall and may be liable to be valued, and the rate to be

levied in manner as dire&ed by the faid a&, and (hall have the

benefit of all provilions in and by the faid a£ to all intents

and purpofes, as if they were particularly mentioned and

comprehended therein.

III.	And whereas the fountains and conduits, which hare been erected in different parts of this city, for the ufe of the poor, by the dire&ors and commiffioners for paving, cleanfing, and lighting the flreets of Dublin, by virtue of the powers veiled in them, have been found to be not only

' extremelyoeneficial to the poor, but conducive to the general health of the inhabitants, and to the ornament of the metropolis : and whereas the faid dfre6tors and enmmiffion- Diredonco ers have been prevented from extending more unirerfally the P*T *5<>l P«r faid benefits, throughout their jurifdi&ions, for want of the necelTary and conftant fupply of water, and in order the of Dublin, far more effe&ually to carty iirto execution the faid purpofes, extending tl*eie have prnpofed to the corporation of the city of Dublin, that the f^id dire&ors and commiffioners, and their fuccef- &c% fors (hall pay the faid corporation the fum of one hundred and fifty pounds per annum, to commence from th? twenty*, ninth of September, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty*

fevonj

Digitized by

Goode

6 0. i. c. 16. the 15 & 16 c. *4 tod 19 Jfc 70 O. 3. c. 13. in force, except where ether-wife by this aA.

Lord mayor, dte may carry w»ter*tfbGu?h Thomme-C^aft* Ice. at neccffaryv

Tie twekty-eigbth Tear of George I II.

feveti, the better to enabk the faid corporation of the city, to extend their mains and works for the fupply of ‘ water, to the fountains or conduits, which are to be'ere&ed by the faid directors and coramiifioners, or their fucceflors, in fuch places as they (hall think proper, provided they fhall be empowered by parliament fo to do, which propofal the laid corporation of the city of Dublin have agreed to accept: be it ena^ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid agreements and every part thereof, (hall be, and is hereby ratified and confirmed, and that the faid directors and commiffioner8 may, out of the funds veiled in them, pay to the corporation of the faid city of Dublin, the'faid fum of one hundred and fifty pounds, in one or mo**e payments in every year, for ever hereafter from the time herein before mentioned.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all and every claufe, provifions, and regulations of the a£l jpafled in the lixth year of the reign of his late Majelly King George the Firil, entitled, .in AQ for clcanf-mg and repairing the water courfe leading from the river Dodder to the city of Duhlinj and to prevent the diverting and corrupting the water therein, and all emoluments, powers, privileges, and remedies thereby vefted in, and given to the faid corporation of the city of Dublin, and all perfons acting undor their authority, and all and every the claufe and clause, regulations, and provifions of the aforefaid acts of the fifteenth and fixteenth, and of the nineteenth and twentieth years of. the reign of his prefent Majefty King George the third, and all emoluments, powers, privileges, and remedies thereby veiled and ghren to the faid corporation of the city of Dubliu, and all perfons acting in the premifTee, under their authority, fo far as faid feveral acts arc not altered or varied hereby, (hall be and remain in full force, as fully as if this a61 had not been made, and (hall be taken to extend, and to be meant and intended to extend, not only within the limits and places comprizetepd fpeci-fied in laid ads rcfpectively, but alfo within all places comprized within the circular road aforefaid, fave and except the liberties of Saint Sepulchre’s, and of Thomas-Court, and Donore aforefaid.

V.	And whereas in the conducting and conveying water from the city bafon aforefaid, to divers places lying and being within the faid difirict and boundary of the circular road, it may bp neccflary that main-pipes (hould be for that fturpofe carried and palled through parts of the liberties of Thdjnaa Court and Donore: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the 4$rd mayor, Iheriffs, commons and citizens of

the

The twenty Eighth Teat <of George III:

the city of Dublin, and their fucceftors, and the officers employed by them, to carry, condu&, place, maintain and fupport main-pipes through fitch part3 of the faid liberties of Thomas Court and Donore, as (hall be necef-fary for the purpofe aforef«yd, provided that in fo doing, no hinderance, obftru&ion, or damage fhall be done to any other mains or pipes placed, or to be placed within the fame, by the lords of the manor of the liberty of Thomas Court and Donore for the time being, and provided that no ferules, branches, or pipes, (hall be inferted into the fame within the faid liberties of Thomas Court and Donore, fave and except, that fire-plugs (hall be placed through the fame in like manner as in all other main-pipes through the limits aforefaid, to be ufed, and to relieve in cafe of accidental fires only.

VI.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid lord mayor, (hcriffs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, at any time on a petition from two-thirds of the inhabitants of any ftreet or lane in theYaid liberty of Saint Sepulchre’s, to lay down pipes, and convey water to fuch ftreet or lane, and to enforce the payment on each houfe in faid ftreet or lane of the fame fum for faid water as is chargeable by this a&, on every houfe in the laid city of Dublin.

Vi I. And whereas many roads within the limits of the county of the city of Dublin, and liberties adjoining thereto, are at prefent narrow and dofe, and require to be made in a ftraighter dired ion, and greater breadth than the grand juries of the county of the city of Dublin are now allowed by law to prefent the fame, to be widened to and for widening and amending the public roads, or for making new roads where nccelTary throughout the county of the faid city of Dublin : be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and fof the feveral gTand juries, in and for the county of the faid city of Dublin, who (hall be fworn in the court of king’s bench, in Eafter and Michaelmas terms every year, to prefent any part of any road, leading to or from the faid city, within the limits of the county of the faid city, which is not of the breadth of forty feet in the clear, within the ditches, drains, and fences, to be widened to any breadth, not exceeding eighty feet, nor lefs than forty feet in the clear within the ditches, drains, and fences, and to alter and make (horter and ftraighter any part of any road in the county of the faid city of Dublin, within t®limits afordvd ; and alfo to prefent any new road, or new roads, to be Vd cut and made in the place of any old road, or parts cf any old road, leading from the faid I	chj

Pipes may be laid down in Saint Sepulchre's as hcreup.

Grand Juries may prefent as herein.

Digitized by

Google

The t*mty*ightb Tiar tf George III.

A* D.	city through my part of the county of the faid city of

X 788.	Dublin* and further to prelent all and every fuch fum and

Chap. 50. fums of money, as (hall appear necefiary to be railed upon the faid county of the faid city, to be expended in widening fuch old roads, or making fuch new roads, and in paying any damages which may be adjudged to any traverfer, pur-fuant to the provifoe herein after mentioned, and in paying wages to the overfeer or overfeers, after a rate not exceeding twelve pence in the pound for each pound prefented to be expended by fuch overfeer.

Money not to VIII. Provided always, That no fuch fum' of money **	^ali he fo prefented for any of the purpofes aforefaid, un-

• maJc whencLu ***	©*“	affidavits	fworn by two credible perfona

who cm read and write, dating that the faid fum is a reasonable charge, and that the work cannot be executed for a fmaUer fum, according to the bed of their judgment ;

*	and provided alfo, that no part of the money fo prefented

for any of the purpofes aforefaid, (hall be paid by the tveafarer of the faid city of Dublin, until the affidavit of one or more of the oveneers appointed by the grand jury, who can read and write, and fworn before one of the judices of his Majefty’s faid court of King’s-bench, or the proper officer of the faid court, or any jodice of the peace of the faid city of Dublin, for the expenditure of the faid money purfuant to the faid prefent-snent.

Petfontag- IX. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That grieved may £t {hall be lawful for any perfon or perfons, who (hall enter trmver e. think himfelf, herfclf, or themfelves aggrieved by any preferment of any grand jury of the county of the faid city of Dublin, touching all or any of the matters aforefaid, to enter one or more traverfe or traverfes in open court to fuch prefentment, which traverfe or traverfes (hall be tried immediately, or in the next term at the diferetion of the kidges of tire faid court of King’s-bench, or in cafe the faidL judge8 (hall think it proper, then fuch traverfe (hall be tried at the next commifiion of oyer and terminer, to be held in and for the county of the faid city of Dublin, or adjournment thereof, uulefs good canfe (hall be (hewn to the/ contrary.

Traverfe may X. Provided always, That fuch traverfe may be tried of prefenunern^ upon ^ cntry anY preientment in the crown book, and the traverfe taken thereto, without making up any record for that purpofe, fo that fuch entry in the crown book of the faid court of King's-bench, or in the crown book of the clerk of the crown for the faid commiffion of oyer and terminer, or adjournment thereof, be fufficieifeo common intent in fublUnce, though it may be defc&ive in Ipoiot of form.

.XI. And

Digitized by



• Tk: twenty-eighth Tear of George III.

3CI. And be it enacted, That the jury who fhall try A* D. every fuch traved’e, fhall true verdict give, whether any 17R8. and what damages will acciue thereby to fuch perfon or Chap 50. perfons t raver ling every fuch preferment, which verdict fliall be conclufive to fuch perfon or perfons, and upon the Jury to £>vcs fum fo found for d images being paid to him, her^ or thefli,' veni^ of^what or depofited with the treufurer of the county of the lai.i Icaruf to'pcrio* city of Dublin, or in the bank of Ireland, for his* her, .or travelling, Ac, their ufe, it fhall be lawful for the overfeer to proceed and execute the faid prefentment fully and effectually, pigfaant to the true intent and meaning thereof, without any interruption from fuch traverfe or traverfers, and it lhall be lawful for the grand jury to prtfent the fum fo found for damages to be raifed on the county of the faid city of Dublin, in fuch manner and form as money has been heretofore raifed in the county of the faid city under grand jury preferments, and alfo to prefent any old road, or any part thereof to he Hopped up, when any new road to anfwer the purpofe of the old one hath bceu made, or fh dl be made, except fuch old roads concerning which fuiis are now depending either at law or equity.

XII. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That A public ad. this ad fhall be deemed a pub’ic ad, and judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, judiccs, and other peffbns, without fpecially pleading the fame.

The End 01 the EIGHTH VOLUME.

Digitized by v^rOOQle
